Note 1  Summary of Significant Accounting PoliciesApple Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries collectively Apple or the Company design, manufacture, and market personal computers, mobile communication devices, and portable digital music and video players and sell a variety of related software, third-party digital content and applications, services, peripherals, and networking solutions. The Company sells its products worldwide through its online stores, its retail stores, its direct sales force, and third-party wholesalers, resellers and value-added resellers. In addition, the Company sells a variety of third-party Macintosh Mac iPhone and iPod compatible products including application software, printers, storage devices, speakers, headphones, and various other accessories and supplies through its online and retail stores. The Company sells to consumer, small and mid-sized business SMB education, enterprise, government and creative customers.Basis of Presentation and PreparationThe accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company. Intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in these consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates.Certain prior year amounts in the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto have been reclassified to conform to the current year s presentation. During the first quarter of 2009, the Company reclassified $24 billion of certain fixed-income securities from short-term marketable securities to long-term marketable securities in the September 27, 2008 Consolidated Balance Sheet. The reclassification resulted from a change in accounting presentation for certain investments based on contractual maturity dates, which more closely reflects the Company s assessment of the timing of when such securities will be converted to cash. As a result of this change, marketable securities with maturities less than 12 months are classified as short-term and marketable securities with maturities greater than 12 months are classified as long-term. There have been no changes in the Company s investment policies or practices associated with this change in accounting presentation. See Note 2, Financial Instruments of this Form 10-K for additional information.The Company s fiscal year is the 52 or 53-week period that ends on the last Saturday of September. The Company s fiscal years 2009, 2008 and 2007 ended on September 26, 2009 September 27, 2008 and September 29, 2007, respectively, and included 52 weeks each. An additional week is included in the first fiscal quarter approximately every six years to realign fiscal quarters with calendar quarters. Unless otherwise stated, references to particular years or quarters refer to the Company s fiscal years ended in September and the associated quarters of those fiscal years.In May 2009, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB established general accounting standards and disclosure for subsequent events. The Company adopted FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 855 Subsequent Eventsformerly referenced as Statement of Financial Accounting Standards SFAS No. 165,Subsequent Events, during the third quarter of 2009. The Company has evaluated subsequent events through the date and time the financial statements were issued on October 27, 2009.Financial InstrumentsCash Equivalents and Marketable SecuritiesAll highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the date of purchase are classified as cash equivalents. The Company s debt and marketable equity securities have been classified and accounted for as available-for-sale. Management determines the appropriate classification of its investments in debt securities at the time of purchase and reevaluates the available-for-sale designations as of each balance sheet date. The Company classifies its marketable debt securities as either short-term or long-term based on each instrument s underlying contractual maturity date. Marketable securities with maturities of less than 12 months are classified as short-term and marketable securities with maturities greater than 12 months are classified as long-term. These securities are carried at fair value, with the unrealized gains and losses, net of taxes, reported as a component of shareholders equity. The cost of securities sold is based upon the specific identification method.Derivative Financial InstrumentsDuring the second quarter of 2009, the Company adopted FASB ASC 815,Derivatives and Hedgingformerly referenced as SFAS No. 161,Disclosures about Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities  an amendment of FASB Statement No. 133, which requires additional disclosures about the Company s objectives and strategies for using derivative instruments, how the derivative instruments and related hedged items are accounted for, and how the derivative instruments and related hedged item affect the financial statements.The Company accounts for its derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities and carries them at fair value. Derivatives that are not defined as hedges must be adjusted to fair value through earnings.For derivative instruments that hedge the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows that are designated as cash flow hedges, the effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative instrument is reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income in shareholders equity and reclassified into earnings in the same period or periods during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. The ineffective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative instrument is recognized in current earnings. To receive hedge accounting treatment, cash flow hedges must be highly effective in offsetting changes to expected future cash flows on hedged transactions. For options designated as cash flow hedges, changes in the time value are excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and are recognized in earnings. For derivative instruments that hedge the exposure to changes in the fair value of an asset or a liability and that are designated as fair value hedges, the net gain or loss on the derivative instrument as well as the offsetting gain or loss on the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk are recognized in earnings in the current period. The Company did not have a net gain or loss on these derivative instruments during 2009, 2008 and 2007. The net gain or loss on the effective portion of a derivative instrument that is designated as an economic hedge of the foreign currency translation exposure of the net investment in a foreign operation is reported in the same manner as a foreign currency translation adjustment. For forward exchange contracts designated as net investment hedges, the Company excludes changes in fair value relating to changes in the forward carry component from its definition of effectiveness. Accordingly, any gains or losses related to this component are recognized in current earnings.Fair Value MeasurementsDuring the first quarter of 2009, the Company adopted FASB ASC 820 Fair Value Measurements and Disclosuresformerly referenced as SFAS No. 157,Fair Value Measurements, which defines fair value, establishes guidelines for measuring fair value and expands disclosures regarding fair value measurements. This new accounting standard does not require any new fair value measurements. The Company applies fair value accounting for all financial assets and liabilities and non-financial assets and liabilities that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements on a recurring basis. The Company defines fair value as the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities, which are required to be recorded at fair value, the Company considers the principal or most advantageous market in which the Company would transact and the market-based risk measurements or assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability, such as inherent risk, transfer restrictions and credit risk.During the first quarter of 2009, the Company adopted FASB ASC 825 Financial Instrumentsformerly referenced as SFAS No. 159,The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities  Includingan amendment of FASB Statement No. 115,which allows companies to choose to measure eligible financial instruments and certain other items at fair value that are not required to be measured at fair value. The Company has not elected the fair value option for any eligible financial instruments.InventoriesInventories are stated at the lower of cost, computed using the first-in, first-out method, or market. If the cost of the inventories exceeds their market value, provisions are made currently for the difference between the cost and the market value. The Company s inventories consist primarily of finished goods for all periods presented.Property, Plant and EquipmentProperty, plant and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation is computed by use of the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which for buildings is the lesser of 30 years or the remaining life of the underlying building, up to five years for equipment, and the shorter of lease terms or ten years for leasehold improvements. The Company capitalizes eligible costs to acquire or develop internal-use software that are incurred subsequent to the preliminary project stage. Capitalized costs related to internal-use software are amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which range from three to five years. Depreciation and amortization expense on property and equipment was $577 million, $363 million and $249 million during 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively.Asset Retirement ObligationsThe Company records obligations associated with the retirement of tangible long-lived assets and the associated asset retirement costs. The Company reviews legal obligations associated with the retirement of long-lived assets that result from the acquisition, construction, development and/or normal use of the assets. If it is determined that a legal obligation exists, the fair value of the liability for an asset retirement obligation is recognized in the period in which it is incurred if a reasonable estimate of fair value can be made. The fair value of the liability is added to the carrying amount of the associated asset and this additional carrying amount is depreciated over the life of the asset. The difference between the gross expected future cash flow and its present value is accreted over the life of the related lease as an operating expense. All of the Company s existing asset retirement obligations are associated with commitments to return property subject to operating leases to original condition upon lease termination. The Company s asset retirement liability was $25 million and $21 million as of September 26, 2009 and September 27, 2008, respectively.Long-Lived Assets Including Goodwill and Other Acquired Intangible AssetsThe Company reviews property, plant and equipment and certain identifiable intangibles, excluding goodwill, for impairment. Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of these assets is measured by comparison of their carrying amounts to future undiscounted cash flows the assets are expected to generate. If property, plant and equipment and certain identifiable intangibles are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized equals the amount by which the carrying value of the assets exceeds its fair market value. The Company did not record any material impairments during 2009, 2008 and 2007.The Company does not amortize goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives, rather such assets are required to be tested for impairment at least annually or sooner whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the assets may be impaired. The Company performs its goodwill and intangible asset impairment tests on or about August 31 of each year. The Company did not recognize any goodwill or intangible asset impairment charges in 2009, 2008 and 2007. The Company established reporting units based on its current reporting structure. For purposes of testing goodwill for impairment, goodwill has been allocated to these reporting units to the extent it relates to each reporting unit. The Company amortizes its intangible assets with definite lives over their estimated useful lives and reviews these assets for impairment. The Company is currently amortizing its acquired intangible assets with definite lives over periods ranging from one to ten years.Foreign Currency Translation and RemeasurementThe Company translates the assets and liabilities of its non-U.S. dollar functional currency subsidiaries into U.S. dollars using exchange rates in effect at the end of each period. Revenue and expenses for these subsidiaries are translated using rates that approximate those in effect during the period. Gains and losses from these translations are credited or charged to foreign currency translation included in accumulated other comprehensive income in shareholders equity. The Company s subsidiaries that use the U.S. dollar as their functional currency remeasure monetary assets and liabilities at exchange rates in effect at the end of each period, and inventories, property, and nonmonetary assets and liabilities at historical rates. Gains and losses from these remeasurements were insignificant and have been included in the Company s results of operations.Revenue RecognitionNet sales consist primarily of revenue from the sale of hardware, software, digital content and applications, peripherals, and service and support contracts. For any product within these groups that either is software, or is considered software-related e.g., Mac computers, iPhones and iPod portable digital music and video players, the Company accounts for such products in accordance with the specific industry accounting guidance for software and software related transactions. The Company applies various revenue-related GAAP for products that are not software or software-related, such as digital content sold on the iTunes Store and certain Mac, iPhone and iPod supplies and accessories, which is described below.The Company recognizes revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the sales price is fixed or determinable, and collection is probable. Product is considered delivered to the customer once it has been shipped and title and risk of loss have been transferred. For most of the Company s product sales, these criteria are met at the time the product is shipped. For online sales to individuals, for some sales to education customers in the U.S., and for certain other sales, the Company defers revenue until the customer receives the product because the Company legally retains a portion of the risk of loss on these sales during transit. If at the outset of an arrangement the Company determines the arrangement fee is not, or is presumed not to be, fixed or determinable, revenue is deferred and subsequently recognized as amounts become due and payable and all other criteria for revenue recognition have been met.Revenue from service and support contracts is deferred and recognized ratably over the service coverage periods. These contracts typically include extended phone support, repair services, web-based support resources, diagnostic tools, and extend the service coverage offered under the Company s standard limited warranty.The Company sells software and peripheral products obtained from other companies. The Company generally establishes its own pricing and retains related inventory risk, is the primary obligor in sales transactions with its customers, and assumes the credit risk for amounts billed to its customers. Accordingly, the Company generally recognizes revenue for the sale of products obtained from other companies based on the gross amount billed.The Company accounts for multiple element arrangements that consist only of software or software-related products in accordance with industry specific accounting guidance for software and software related transactions. If a multiple-element arrangement includes deliverables that are neither software nor software-related, the Company applies various revenue-related GAAP to determine if those deliverables constitute separate units of accounting from the software or software-related deliverables. If the Company can separate the deliverables, the Company applies the industry specific accounting guidance to the software and software-related deliverables and applies other appropriate guidance to the non-software related deliverables. Revenue on arrangements that include multiple elements such as hardware, software and services is allocated to each element based on the relative fair value of each element. Each element s allocated revenue is recognized when the revenue recognition criteria for that element have been met. Fair value is generally determined by vendor specific objective evidence VSOE which is based on the price charged when each element is sold separately. If the Company cannot objectively determine the fair value of any undelivered element included in a multiple-element arrangement, the Company defers revenue until all elements are delivered and services have been performed, or until fair value can objectively be determined for any remaining undelivered elements. When the fair value of a delivered element has not been established, but fair value exists for the undelivered elements, the Company uses the residual method to recognize revenue if the fair value of all undelivered elements is determinable. Under the residual method, the fair value of the undelivered elements is deferred and the remaining portion of the arrangement fee is allocated to the delivered elements and is recognized as revenue.For both iPhone and Apple TV, the Company has indicated it may from time-to-time provide future unspecified features and additional software products free of charge to customers. Accordingly, iPhone handsets and Apple TV sales are accounted for under subscription accounting in accordance with GAAP. As such, the revenue and associated cost of sales are deferred at the time of sale, and are both recognized on a straight-line basis over the currently estimated 24-month economic life of these products, with any loss recognized at the time of sale. Costs incurred by the Company for engineering, sales, marketing and warranty are expensed as incurred.The Company records reductions to revenue for estimated commitments related to price protection and for customer incentive programs, including reseller and end-user rebates, and other sales programs and volume-based incentives. The estimated cost of these programs is accrued as a reduction to revenue in the period the Company has sold the product and committed to a plan. The Company also records reductions to revenue for expected future product returns based on the Company s historical experience. Revenue is recorded net of taxes collected from customers that are remitted to governmental authorities, with the collected taxes recorded as current liabilities until remitted to the relevant government authority.Generally, the Company does not offer specified or unspecified upgrade rights to its customers in connection with software sales or the sale of extended warranty and support contracts. When the Company does offer specified upgrade rights, the Company defers revenue for the fair value of the specified upgrade right until the future obligation is fulfilled or the right to the specified upgrade expires. A limited number of the Company s software products are available with maintenance agreements that grant customers rights to unspecified future upgrades over the maintenance term on a when and if available basis. Revenue associated with such maintenance is recognized ratably over the maintenance term.Allowance for Doubtful AccountsThe Company records its allowance for doubtful accounts based upon its assessment of various factors. The Company considers historical experience, the age of the accounts receivable balances, credit quality of the Company s customers, current economic conditions, and other factors that may affect customers ability to pay.Shipping CostsFor all periods presented, amounts billed to customers related to shipping and handling are classified as revenue, and the Company s shipping and handling costs are included in cost of sales.Warranty ExpenseThe Company generally provides for the estimated cost of hardware and software warranties at the time the related revenue is recognized. The Company assesses the adequacy of its preexisting warranty liabilities and adjusts the amounts as necessary based on actual experience and changes in future estimates. For products accounted for under subscription accounting, the Company recognizes warranty expense as incurred. Software Development CostsResearch and development costs are expensed as incurred. Development costs of computer software to be sold, leased, or otherwise marketed are subject to capitalization beginning when a product s technological feasibility has been established and ending when a product is available for general release to customers. In most instances, the Company s products are released soon after technological feasibility has been established. Therefore, costs incurred subsequent to achievement of technological feasibility are usually not significant, and generally most software development costs have been expensed.In 2009 and 2008, the Company capitalized $71 million and $11 million, respectively, of costs associated with the development of Mac OS X Version 106 Snow Leopard Mac OS X Snow Leopard which was released during the fourth quarter of 2009. During 2007, the Company capitalized $75 million of costs associated with the development of Mac OS X Version 105 Leopard Mac OS X Leopard and iPhone software. The capitalized costs are being amortized to cost of sales on a straight-line basis over a three year estimated useful life of the underlying technology.Total amortization related to capitalized software development costs was $25 million, $27 million and $13 million in 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively.Advertising CostsAdvertising costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising expense was $501 million, $486 million and $467 million for 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively.Stock-Based CompensationThe Company accounts for stock-based payment transactions in which the Company receives employee services in exchange for a equity instruments of the enterprise or b liabilities that are based on the fair value of the enterprise s equity instruments or that may be settled by the issuance of such equity instruments. Stock-based compensation cost for restricted stock units RSUs is measured based on the closing fair market value of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. Stock-based compensation cost for stock options is estimated at the grant date based on each option s fair-value as calculated by the Black-Scholes-Merton BSM option-pricing model. The Company recognizes stock-based compensation cost as expense ratably on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. The Company will recognize a benefit from stock-based compensation in equity if an incremental tax benefit is realized by following the ordering provisions of the tax law. In addition, the Company accounts for the indirect effects of stock-based compensation on the research tax credit, the foreign tax credit and the domestic manufacturing deduction through the income statement. Further information regarding stock-based compensation can be found in Note 7, Shareholders Equity and Stock-Based Compensation. Income TaxesThe provision for income taxes is computed using the asset and liability method, under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, and for operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the currently enacted tax rates that apply to taxable income in effect for the years in which those tax assets are expected to be realized or settled. The Company records a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that is believed more likely than not to be realized.During 2008, the Company adopted FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 740 Income Taxesformerly referenced as FASB Financial Interpretation No. 48,Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes  aninterpretation of FASB Statement No. 109, which changed the framework for accounting for uncertainty in income taxes. The Company recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon settlement. See Note 6, Income Taxes for additional information, including the effects of adoption on the Company s consolidated financial statements.Earnings Per Common ShareBasic earnings per common share is computed by dividing income available to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per common share is computed by dividing income available to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period increased to include the number of additional shares of common stock that would have been outstanding if the potentially dilutive securities had been issued. Potentially dilutive securities include outstanding stock options, shares to be purchased under the employee stock purchase plan and unvested RSUs. The dilutive effect of potentially dilutive securities is reflected in diluted earnings per common share by application of the treasury stock method. Under the treasury stock method, an increase in the fair market value of the Company s common stock can result in a greater dilutive effect from potentially dilutive securities.The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per common share for the three years ended September 26, 2009 in thousands, except net income in millions and per share amounts Potentially dilutive securities representing 126 million, 103 million and 137 million shares of common stock for 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively, were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per common share for these periods because their effect would have been antidilutive.Comprehensive IncomeComprehensive income consists of two components, net income and other comprehensive income. Other comprehensive income refers to revenue, expenses, gains and losses that under GAAP are recorded as an element of shareholders equity but are excluded from net income. The Company s other comprehensive income consists of foreign currency translation adjustments from those subsidiaries not using the U.S. dollar as their functional currency, unrealized gains and losses on marketable securities categorized as available-for-sale, and net deferred gains and losses on certain derivative instruments accounted for as cash flow hedges.Segment InformationThe Company reports segment information based on the management approach. The management approach designates the internal reporting used by management for making decisions and assessing performance as the source of the Company s reportable segments. Information about the Company s products, major customers and geographic areas on a company-wide basis is also disclosed.ENDOFTENK