Organization and Description of Business Facebook was incorporated in Delaware in July 2004. Our mission is to make the world more open and connected. We build products that support our mission by providing utility to Facebook users, Platform developers, and marketers. We generate substantially all of our revenue from advertising and from fees associated with our Payments infrastructure that enables users to purchase virtual and digital goods from our Platform developers. Basis of Presentation We prepared the consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP. The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Facebook, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. Use of Estimates Conformity with GAAP requires the use of estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. These estimates form the basis for judgments we make about the carrying values of our assets and liabilities, which are not readily apparent from other sources. We base our estimates and judgments on historical information and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. GAAP requires us to make estimates and judgments in several areas, including, but not limited to, those related to revenue recognition, collectability of accounts receivable, contingent liabilities, fair value of share-based awards, fair value of financial instruments, fair value of acquired intangible assets and goodwill, useful lives of intangible assets and property and equipment, and income taxes. These estimates are based on management knowledge about current events and expectations about actions we may undertake in the future. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates.ReclassificationsWe have reclassified certain prior period amounts within our consolidated statements of income and cash flows to conform to our current year presentation. These reclassifications did not affect previously reported revenue, total costs and expenses, income from operations, net income in the consolidated statements of income, or net cash provided by operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. Revenue Recognition We generate substantially all of our revenue from advertising and payment processing fees. We recognize revenue once all of the following criteria have been met: Revenue for the years endedDecember 31, 2012,2011, and2010consists of the following in millions: Advertising Advertising revenue is generated by displaying ad products on the Facebook website or mobile app and third-party affiliated websites or mobile apps. The arrangements are evidenced by either online acceptance of terms and conditions or contracts that stipulate the types of advertising to be delivered, the timing and the pricing. Marketers pay for ad products either directly or through their relationships with advertising agencies, based on the number of impressions delivered or the number of clicks made by our users. The typical term of an advertising arrangement is approximately30 dayswith billing generally occurring after the delivery of the advertisement. We recognize revenue from the delivery of click-based ads in the period in which a user clicks on the content. We recognize revenue from the display of impression-based ads in the contracted period in which the impressions are delivered. Impressions are considered delivered when an ad is displayed to users.Payments and Other Fees We enable Payments from our users to our Platform developers. Our users can transact and make payments on the Facebook Platform by using credit cards, PayPal or other payment methods available on our website. The primary method for users to transact with the developers on the Facebook Platform is via the purchase of our virtual currency, which enables our users to purchase virtual and digital goods in games and apps. Upon the initial sale of our virtual currency, we record consideration received from a user as a deposit. When a user engages in a payment transaction utilizing our virtual currency for the purchase of a virtual or digital good from a Platform developer, we reduce the user virtual currency balance by the price of the purchase, which is a price that is solely determined by the Platform developer. We remit to the Platform developer an amount that is based on the total amount of virtual currency redeemed less the processing fee that we charge the Platform developer for the transaction. Our revenue is the net amount of the transaction, representing our processing fee for the service performed. We record revenue on a net basis as we do not consider ourselves to be the principal in the sale of the virtual or digital good to the user.Our Payments terms and conditions provide for a 30-day claim period subsequent to a Payments transaction during which the customer may dispute the virtual or digital goods transaction. Through the third quarter of 2012, we had deferred recognition of Payments revenue until the expiration of this period as we were unable to make reasonable and reliable estimates of future refunds or chargebacks arising during this claim period, due to lack of historical transactional information. Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2012, we had 24 months of historical transactional information which enabled us to estimate future refunds and chargebacks. Accordingly, in the fourth quarter of 2012, we recorded all Payments revenues at the time of the purchase of the related virtual or digital goods, net of estimated refunds or chargebacks. This change resulted in a one-time increase in Payments revenue in the fourth quarter of 2012 of approximately$66 millionas we recognized revenue from four months of transactions.Other fees, which includes user Promoted Posts and, to a lesser extent, Facebook Gifts, have not been material in all periods presented in our financial statements. Revenue is recognized net of applicable sales and other taxes.Cost of Revenue Our cost of revenue consists primarily of expenses associated with the delivery and distribution of our products. These include expenses related to the operation of our data centers such as facility and server equipment depreciation, facility and server equipment rent expense, energy and bandwidth costs, support and maintenance costs, and salaries, benefits and share-based compensation for certain personnel on our operations teams. Cost of revenue also includes credit card and other transaction fees related to processing customer transactions.Share-based Compensation We account for share-based employee compensation plans under the fair value recognition and measurement provisions of GAAP. Those provisions require all share-based payments to employees, including grants of stock options and RSUs, to be measured based on the grant-date fair value of the awards, with the resulting expense generally recognized in our consolidated statements of income over the period during which the employee is required to perform service in exchange for the award.Prior to January 1, 2011, we granted RSUs Pre-2011 RSUs under our 2005 Stock Plan to our employees and members of our board of directors that vested upon the satisfaction of both a service condition and a liquidity condition. The service condition for the majority of these awards is satisfied overfour years. The liquidity condition was satisfied six months after our initial public offering IPO in May 2012. The vesting condition that was satisfied six months following our IPO did not affect the expense attribution period for the RSUs for which the service condition has been met as of the date of our IPO. This six-month period was not a substantive service condition and, accordingly, beginning on the effectiveness of our IPO in May 2012, we recognized cumulative share-based compensation expense for the portion of the RSUs that had met the service condition, following the accelerated attribution method net of estimated forfeitures. In the year endedDecember 31, 2012, we recognized$104 billionof share-based compensation expense related to our Pre-2011 RSUs. Refer to Note 11 Stockholders' Equity for disclosure with respect to the settlement of the Pre-2011 RSUs. RSUs granted on or after January 1, 2011 Post-2011 RSUs under our 2005 Stock Plan or 2012 Equity Incentive Plan 2012 Planare not subject to a liquidity condition in order to vest, and compensation expense related to these grants is based on the grant date fair value of the RSUs and is recognized on a straight-line basis over the applicable service period. The majority of Post-2011 RSUs are earned over a service period offourtofive years, and vested shares will be settled beginning in 2013.Share-based compensation expense is recorded net of estimated forfeitures in our consolidated statements of income and as such, only those share-based awards that we expect to vest are recorded. We estimate the forfeiture rate based on historical forfeitures of equity awards and adjust the rate to reflect changes in facts and circumstances, if any. We will revise our estimated forfeiture rate if actual forfeitures differ from our initial estimates. We have historically issued unvested restricted shares to employee stockholders of certain acquired companies. As these awards are generally subject to continued post-acquisition employment, we have accounted for them as post-acquisition share-based compensation expense. We recognize compensation expense equal to the grant date fair value of the common stock on a straight-line basis over the employee required service period.During the years endedDecember 31, 2012,2011, and2010, we realized tax benefits from share-based award activity of$103 billion,$433 millionand$115 million, respectively. These amounts reflect the extent that the total reduction to our income tax liability from share-based award activity was greater than the amount of the deferred tax assets that we had previously recorded in anticipation of these benefits. These amounts are the aggregate of the individual transactions in which the reduction to our income tax liability was greater than the deferred tax assets that we recorded, reduced by any individual transactions in which the reduction to our income tax liability was less than the deferred tax assets that were recorded. These net amounts were recorded as an adjustment to stockholders' equity in each period, as an increase to cash flows from operating activities, and were not recognized in our consolidated statements of income. The tax benefits realized from share-based award activity of$103 billionrelate to both the reduction of current year income tax liabilities and the expected refund of$451 millionfrom income tax loss carrybacks to 2010 and 2011.In addition, we reported excess tax benefits that decreased our cash flows from operating activities and increased our cash flows from financing activities for the years endedDecember 31, 2012,2011, and2010, by$103 billion,$433 million,$115 million, respectively. The amounts of these excess tax benefits reflect the total of the individual transactions in which the reduction to our income tax liability was greater than the deferred tax assets that were recorded, but were not reduced by any of the individual transactions in which the reduction to our income tax liability was less than the deferred tax assets that were recorded.Income Taxes We recognize income taxes under the asset and liability method. We recognize deferred income tax assets and liabilities for the expected future consequences of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities. These differences are measured using the enacted statutory tax rates that are expected to apply to taxable income for the years in which differences are expected to reverse. We recognize the effect on deferred income taxes of a change in tax rates in income in the period that includes the enactment date. We record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to the net amount that we believe is more likely than not to be realized. We consider all available evidence, both positive and negative, including historical levels of income, expectations and risks associated with estimates of future taxable income and ongoing tax planning strategies in assessing the need for a valuation allowance. We recognize tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if we believe that it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position. We make adjustments to these reserves when facts and circumstances change, such as the closing of a tax audit or the refinement of an estimate. The provision for income taxes includes the effects of any reserves that are considered appropriate, as well as the related net interest and penalties. Advertising Expense Advertising costs are expensed when incurred and are included in marketing and sales expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. We incurred advertising expenses of$67 million,$28 million, and$8 millionfor the years endedDecember 31, 2012,2011, and2010, respectively.Cash and Cash Equivalents, and Marketable Securities Cash and cash equivalents primarily consist of cash on deposit with banks and investments in money market funds, and U.S. government and U.S. government agency securities with maturities of 90 days or less from the date of purchase.We hold investments in marketable securities, consisting ofU.S. government and U.S. government agency securities. We classify our marketable securities as available-for-sale investments in our current assets because they represent investments of cash available for current operations. Our available-for-sale investments are carried at estimated fair value with any unrealized gains and losses, net of taxes, included in accumulated other comprehensive income/loss in stockholders' equity. Unrealized losses are charged against other income expense, net when a decline in fair value is determined to be other-than-temporary. We have not recorded any such impairment charge in the periods presented. We determine realized gains or losses on sale of marketable securities on a specific identification method, and record such gains or losses as other income expense, net. We classify certain restricted cash balances within prepaid expenses and other current assets and other assets on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets based upon the term of the remaining restrictions. Non-Marketable Securities We invest in certain investment funds that are not publicly traded. We carry these investments at cost because we do not have significant influence over the underlying investee. We assess for any other-than-temporary impairment at least on an annual basis. No impairment charge has been recorded to-date on our non-marketable securities. We classify these investments within other assets on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.Derivative Financial InstrumentsWe account for derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities and carry them at fair value. For derivative instruments that hedge the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows that are designated as cash-flow hedges, the effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative instruments is initially reported as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income AOCI in shareholders' equity and is subsequently recognized in earnings when the hedge exposure is recognized in earnings. The ineffective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative instruments, if any, is recognized in earnings. To receive hedge accounting treatment, a cash flow hedge must be highly effective in offsetting changes to expected future cash flows on the hedged transaction.In October 2012 we entered into an interest rate swap agreement to hedge our exposure to interest rate fluctuation with respect to our$15 billionfloating ratethree-year unsecured term loan facility. The critical terms of the interest rate swap agreement and the related debt agreement match and allow us to designate the interest rate swap as a highly effective cash flow hedge under GAAP. We periodically assess the effectiveness of our hedged transaction. The interest rate swap agreement is currently our only derivative instrument and is not used for trading purpose. Refer to Note 9 Long-term Debt for further disclosure on the interest rate swap agreement.Fair Value of Financial Instruments We apply fair value accounting for all financial assets and liabilities and non-financial assets and liabilities that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements on a recurring basis. We define fair value as the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities, which are required to be recorded at fair value, we consider the principal or most advantageous market in which we would transact and the market-based risk measurements or assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability, such as risks inherent in valuation techniques, transfer restrictions and credit risk. Fair value is estimated by applying the following hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value into three levels and bases the categorization within the hierarchy upon the lowest level of input that is available and significant to the fair value measurement: Level 1-Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 2-Observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in inactive markets, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. Level 3-Inputs that are generally unobservable and typically reflect management estimate of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. Our valuation techniques used to measure the fair value of money market funds and marketable debt securities were derived from quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and our valuation technique used to measure the fair value of our derivative instrument was based on a model-driven valuation using significant inputs derived from or corroborated by observable market data. Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful AccountsAccounts receivable are recorded and carried at the original invoiced amount less an allowance for any potential uncollectible amounts. We make estimates for the allowance for doubtful accounts based upon our assessment of various factors, including historical experience, the age of the accounts receivable balances, credit quality of our customers, current economic conditions, and other factors that may affect customers' ability to pay.Property and Equipment Property and equipment, which includes amounts recorded under capital leases, are stated at cost. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets or the remaining lease term, in the case of a capital lease, whichever is shorter. The estimated useful lives of property and equipment are described below: Land and assets held within construction in progress are not depreciated. Construction in progress is related to the construction or development of property and equipment that have not yet been placed in service for their intended use. The cost of maintenance and repairs is expensed as incurred. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from their respective accounts, and any gain or loss on such sale or disposal is reflected in income from operations.Lease Obligations We lease office space, data centers, and equipment under non-cancelable capital and operating leases with various expiration dates through2027. Certain of the operating lease agreements contain rent holidays, rent escalation provisions, and purchase options. Rent holidays and rent escalation provisions are considered in determining the straight-line rent expense to be recorded over the lease term. The lease term begins on the date of initial possession of the leased property for purposes of recognizing lease expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. We do not assume renewals in our determination of the lease term unless the renewals are deemed to be reasonably assured at lease inception.Loss Contingencies We are involved in various lawsuits, claims, investigations and proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. We record a liability when we believe that it is both probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Significant judgment is required to determine both probability and the estimated amount. We review these provisions at least quarterly and adjust these provisions accordingly to reflect the impact of negotiations, settlements, rulings, advice of legal counsel, and updated information.Business CombinationsWe allocate the fair value of purchase consideration to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed and intangible assets acquired based on their estimated fair values. The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. Such valuations require management to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. During the measurement period, which is one year from the acquisition date, we may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to earnings.Long-Lived Assets, Including Goodwill and Other Acquired Intangible Assets We evaluate the recoverability of property and equipment and amortizable intangible assets for possible impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. Recoverability of these assets is measured by a comparison of the carrying amounts to the future undiscounted cash flows the assets are expected to generate. If such review indicates that the carrying amount of property and equipment and intangible assets is not recoverable, the carrying amount of such assets is reduced to fair value. We have not recorded any such impairment charge during the years presented.We review goodwill for impairment at least annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of goodwill may not be recoverable. We have elected to first assess the qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of our single reporting operating unit is less than its carrying amount as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform the two-step goodwill impairment under the new authoritative guidance issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB. If we determine that it is more likely than not that its fair value is less than its carrying amount, then the two-step goodwill impairment test is performed. The first step, identifying a potential impairment, compares the fair value of the reporting unit with its carrying amount. If the carrying amount exceeds its fair value, the second step would need to be performed; otherwise, no further step is required. The second step, measuring the impairment loss, compares the implied fair value of the goodwill with the carrying amount of the goodwill. Any excess of the goodwill carrying amount over the applied fair value is recognized as an impairment loss, and the carrying value of goodwill is written down to fair value. As ofDecember 31, 2012, no impairment of goodwill has been identified. Acquired amortizable intangible assets, which are included in goodwill and intangible assets, net, are amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. The estimated remaining useful lives for intangible assets range from less thanone yearto17 years. In addition to the recoverability assessment, we routinely review the remaining estimated useful lives of property and equipment and amortizable intangible assets. If we reduce the estimated useful life assumption for any asset, the remaining unamortized balance would be amortized or depreciated over the revised estimated useful life. Deferred Revenue and Deposits Deferred revenue consists of billings in advance of revenue recognition. Deposits relate to unused virtual currency held by our users. Once this virtual currency is utilized by a user, approximately70%of this amount would then be payable to the Platform developer and the balance would be recognized as revenue. Deferred revenue and deposits consists of the following in millions: Foreign Currency Generally the functional currency of our international subsidiaries is the local currency. We translate the financial statements of these subsidiaries to U.S. dollars using month-end rates of exchange for assets and liabilities, and average rates of exchange for revenue, costs, and expenses. Translation gains and losses are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income loss as a component of stockholders' equity. Net losses resulting from foreign exchange transactions were$9 million,$29 millionand$1 millionfor the years endedDecember 31, 2012,2011and2010, respectively. These losses were recorded as other income expense, net on our consolidated statements of income.Credit Risk and Concentration Financial instruments owned by the company that are potentially subject to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, marketable securities, accounts receivable, and derivative instruments. Cash equivalents consist of short-term money market funds andU.S. government and U.S. government agency securities, which are deposited with reputable financial institutions. Marketable securities consist of investments inU.S. government and U.S. government agency securities. Our investment policy limits investment instruments toU.S. government and U.S. government agency securitieswith the main objective of preserving capital and maintaining liquidity. Accounts receivable are typically unsecured and are derived from revenue earned from customers across different industries and countries. We generated51%,56%, and62%of our revenue for the years endedDecember 31, 2012,2011, and2010, respectively, from marketers and Platform developers based in the United States, with the majority of revenue outside of the United States coming from customers located in western Europe, Canada, Australia, and Brazil. We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers, and generally do not require collateral. We maintain an allowance for estimated credit losses. During the years endedDecember 31, 2012,2011, and2010, our bad debt expenses were$9 million,$8 million, and$9 million, respectively. In the event that accounts receivable collection cycles deteriorate, our operating results and financial position could be adversely affected. Revenue fromonecustomer, Zynga, represented12%of total revenue for the year endedDecember 31, 2011. Revenue from Zynga consisted of payments processing fees related to their sale of virtual goods and from direct advertising purchased by Zynga. No customer represented 10% or more of total revenue during the years endedDecember 31, 2012and2010. Segments Our chief operating decision-maker is our Chief Executive Officer who reviews financial information presented on a consolidated basis. There are no segment managers who are held accountable by the chief operating decision-maker, or anyone else, for operations, operating results, and planning for levels or components below the consolidated unit level. Accordingly, we have determined that we have a single reporting segment and operating unit structure. Recently Issued and Adopted Accounting Pronouncement Comprehensive IncomeIn May 2011, the FASB issued guidance that changed the requirement for presenting Comprehensive Income in the consolidated financial statements. The update requires an entity to present the components of other comprehensive income either in a single continuous statement of comprehensive income or in two separate but consecutive statements. The update is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2011 and should be applied retrospectively. We adopted this new guidance on January 1, 2012.Goodwill Impairment TestingIn September 2011, the FASB issued an amendment to an existing accounting standard which provides entities an option to perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether further impairment testing on goodwill is necessary. An entity now has the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform the current two-step impairment test. If an entity believes, as a result of its qualitative assessment, that it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the quantitative impairment test is required. Otherwise, no further testing is required. This standard is effective for annual and interim goodwill impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2011. We adopted this new standard on January 1, 2012 and the adoption did not have a material impact on our financial statements.ENDOFTENK