Google Inc. and Summary of Significant Accounting PoliciesNature of OperationsWe were incorporated in California in September 1998 and re-incorporated in the State of Delaware in August 2003. We generate revenues primarily by delivering relevant, cost-effective online advertising.On April 17, 2013, we sold the Motorola Home business Motorola Home to Arris Group, Inc. Arris. The financial results of Motorola Home are presented as net income loss from discontinued operations on the Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2013. SeeNote 8for further discussion of the sale.On April 2, 2014, we completed a two-for-one stock split effected in the form of a stock dividend the Stock Split. All references made to share or per share amounts in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and applicable disclosures have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the Stock Split. See Notes11and12for additional information about the Stock Split.On October 29, 2014, we sold the Motorola Mobile business Motorola Mobile to Lenovo Group Limited Lenovo. The financial results of Motorola Mobile are presented as net income loss from discontinued operations on the Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2013, and 2014. SeeNote 8for further discussion of the sale.Basis of ConsolidationThe consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Google Inc. and our subsidiaries. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.Use of EstimatesThe preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and disclosed in the financial statements and the accompanying notes. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to the accounts receivable and sales allowances, fair values of financial instruments, intangible assets and goodwill, useful lives of intangible assets and property and equipment, income taxes, and contingent liabilities, among others. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities.Revenue RecognitionThe following table presents our revenues by revenue source in millions:We generate revenues primarily by delivering both performance advertising and brand advertising, and we recognize revenues when the services or products have been provided or delivered, the fees we charge are fixed or determinable, we and our advertisers or other customers understand the specific nature and terms of the agreed upon transactions, and collectability is reasonably assured.Performance advertising creates and delivers relevant ads that users will click, leading to direct engagement with advertisers. Most of our performance advertisers pay us on a cost-per-engagement basis, for example, when a user engages in their ads. Brand advertising enhances users awareness of and affinity with advertisers products and services, through videos, text, images, and other ads that run across various devices.Google AdWords is our auction-based advertising program that enables performance advertisers to place text-based and display ads on Google websites and our Google Network Members websites. Google AdSense refers to the online programs through which we distribute our advertisers AdWords ads for display on our Google Network Members websites. Most of our customers pay us on a cost-per-click basis, which means that an advertiser pays us only when a user clicks on one of its ads. We also offer advertising on a cost-per-impression basis that enables our brand advertisers to pay us based on the number of times their ads display on Google websites and our Google Network Members websites as specified by the advertisers.We recognize as revenues the fees charged to advertisers each time a user clicks on one of the ads that appears next to the search results or content on Google websites or our Google Network Members websites. For those advertisers using our cost-per-impression pricing, we recognize as revenues the fees charged to advertisers each time their ads are displayed on Google websites or our Google Network Members websites. We report our Google AdSense revenues on a gross basis principally because we are the primary obligor to our advertisers.For hardware product sales, where we sell directly to end customers or through distribution channels, revenue recognition generally occurs when products have been shipped, risk of loss has transferred to the customer, objective evidence exists that customer acceptance provisions have been met, no significant obligations remain and allowances for discounts, price protection, returns and customer incentives can be reasonably and reliably estimated. Recorded revenues are reduced by these allowances. Where these allowances cannot be reasonably and reliably estimated, we recognize revenue at the time the product sells through the distribution channel to the end customer.For the sale of certain third-party products and services, we evaluate whether it is appropriate to recognize revenue based on the gross amount billed to the customers or the net amount earned as revenue share. Generally, when we are primarily obligated in a transaction, are subject to inventory risk or have latitude in establishing prices, or have several but not all of these indicators, revenue is recorded on a gross basis. We generally record the net amounts as revenue earned if we are not primarily obligated and do not have inventory risk or latitude in establishing prices. Such amounts earned are typically determined using a fixed percentage, a fixed fee, or a combination of the two.For arrangements that include multiple deliverables, primarily for products that contain software essential to the hardware products functionality and services, we allocate revenue to each unit of accounting based on their relative selling prices. In such circumstances, we use a hierarchy to determine the selling prices to be used for allocating revenue: i vendor-specific objective evidence of fair value VSOE, ii third-party evidence of selling price, and iii best estimate of the selling price ESP. VSOE generally exists only when we sell the deliverable separately and is the price actually charged by us for that deliverable. ESPs reflect our best estimates of what the selling prices of elements would be if they were sold regularly on a stand-alone basis.We record deferred revenues upon invoicing or when cash payments are received in advance of our performance in the underlying agreement on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.Cost of RevenuesCost of revenues consists of traffic acquisition costs which are the advertising revenues shared with our Google Network Members and the amounts paid to our distribution partners who distribute our browser or otherwise direct search queries to our website.Additionally, other costs of revenues includes the following:Stock-based CompensationRestricted stock units RSUs are measured based on the fair market values of the underlying stock on the dates of grant. Shares are issued on the vesting dates net of the minimum statutory tax withholding requirements to be paid by us on behalf of our employees. As a result, the actual number of shares issued will be fewer than the actual number of RSUs outstanding. We record the liability for withholding amounts to be paid by us primarily as a reduction to additional paid-in capital when paid.For stock option awards outstanding in the periods presented, we determined fair value using the Black-Scholes-Merton BSM option pricing model on the dates of grant.We recognize stock-based compensation using the straight-line method over the vesting period.We include as part of cash flows from financing activities the benefits of tax deductions in excess of the tax-effected compensation of the related stock-based awards for options exercised and RSUs vested during the period. During the years endedDecember 31,2012,2013,and2014, the amount of cash received from the exercise of stock options was$736 million,$1,174 million, and$465 million, respectively, and the total direct tax benefit realized, including the excess tax benefit, from stock-based award activities was$747 million,$1,195 million, and$1,356 million, respectively. We have elected to account for the indirect effects of stock-based awards -- primarily the research and development tax credit -- through the Consolidated Statements of Income.For the years endedDecember 31,2012,2013,and2014, we recognized stock-based compensation expense from continuing operations and related tax benefits of $2,473 millionand$545 million, $3,127 millionand$685 million,and $4,175 millionand$867 million, respectively. Additionally, net income loss from discontinued operations for the years endedDecember 31,2012,2013,and2014, includes stock-based compensation expense and related tax benefits of$219 millionand$57 million,$216 millionand$59 million, and$104 millionand$30 million, respectively.Certain Risks and ConcentrationsOur revenues are primarily derived from online advertising, the market for which is highly competitive and rapidly changing. In addition, our revenues are generated from a multitude of vertical market segments in countries around the world. Significant changes in this industry or changes in customer buying or advertiser spending behavior could adversely affect our operating results.Financial instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash equivalents, marketable securities, foreign exchange contracts, and accounts receivable. Cash equivalents and marketable securities consist primarily of time deposits, money market and other funds, including cash collateral received related to our securities lending program, highly liquid debt instruments of the U.S. government and its agencies, debt instruments issued by foreign governments and municipalities in the U.S., corporate securities, mortgage-backed securities, and asset-backed securities. Foreign exchange contracts are transacted with various financial institutions with high credit standing. Accounts receivable are typically unsecured and are derived from revenues earned from customers located around the world. In2012,2013, and2014, we generated approximately46%,45%, and43%of our revenues from customers based in the U.S., with the majority of customers outside of the U.S. located in Europe and Japan. We perform ongoing evaluations to determine customer credit and we limit the amount of credit we extend, but generally we do not require collateral from our customers. We maintain reserves for estimated credit losses and these losses have generally been within our expectations.No individual customer or groups of affiliated customers represented more than10%of our revenues in2012,2013, or2014.Fair Value of Financial InstrumentsOur financial assets and financial liabilities that include cash equivalents, marketable securities, and foreign currency and interest rate derivative contracts are measured and recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. We measure certain other assets including our non-marketable equity securities at fair value on a nonrecurring basis when they are deemed to be other-than-temporarily impaired. Our other current financial assets and our other current financial liabilities have fair values that approximate their carrying value and are therefore not recorded at fair value.Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Marketable SecuritiesWe invest our excess cash primarily in time deposits, money market and other funds, including cash collateral received related to our securities lending program, highly liquid debt instruments of the U.S. government and its agencies, debt instruments issued by foreign governments and municipalities in the U.S., corporate securities, mortgage-backed securities, and asset-backed securities.We classify all highly liquid investments with stated maturities of three months or less from date of purchase as cash equivalents and all highly liquid investments with stated maturities of greater than three months as marketable securities.We determine the appropriate classification of our investments in marketable securities at the time of purchase and reevaluate such designation at each balance sheet date. We have classified and accounted for our marketable securities as available-for-sale. We may or may not hold securities with stated maturities greater than 12 months until maturity. After consideration of our risk versus reward objectives, as well as our liquidity requirements, we may sell these securities prior to their stated maturities. As we view these securities as available to support current operations, we classify securities with maturities beyond 12 months as current assets under the caption marketable securities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. We carry these securities at fair value, and report the unrealized gains and losses, net of taxes, as a component of stockholders equity, except for unrealized losses determined to be other-than-temporary, which we record within interest and other income, net. We determine any realized gains or losses on the sale of marketable securities on a specific identification method, and we record such gains and losses as a component of interest and other income, net.Non-Marketable Equity SecuritiesWe have accounted for non-marketable equity securities either under the equity or cost method. Investments through which we exercise significant influence but do not have control over the investee are accounted for under the equity method. Investments through which we are not able to exercise significant influence over the investee are accounted for under the cost method.Impairment of Marketable and Non-Marketable SecuritiesWe periodically review our marketable and non-marketable securities for impairment. If we conclude that any of these investments are impaired, we determine whether such impairment is other-than-temporary. Factors we consider to make such determination include the duration and severity of the impairment, the reason for the decline in value and the potential recovery period and our intent to sell. For marketable debt securities, we also consider whether 1 it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis, and 2 the amortized cost basis cannot be recovered as a result of credit losses. If any impairment is considered other-than-temporary, we will write down the asset to its fair value and record the corresponding charge as interest and other income, net.Accounts ReceivableWe record accounts receivable at the invoiced amount and we normally do not charge interest. We maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts to reserve for potentially uncollectible receivables. We review the accounts receivable by amounts due by customers which are past due to identify specific customers with known disputes or collectability issues. In determining the amount of the reserve, we make judgments about the creditworthiness of significant customers based on ongoing credit evaluations. We also maintain a sales allowance to reserve for potential credits issued to customers. We determine the amount of the reserve based on historical credits issued.Property and EquipmentWe account for property and equipment at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. We compute depreciation using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, generallytwotofiveyears. We depreciate buildings over periods up to25years. We amortize leasehold improvements over the shorter of the remaining lease term or the estimated useful lives of the assets. Construction in progress is related to the construction or development of property and equipment that have not yet been placed in service for our intended use. Depreciation for equipment commences once it is placed in service and depreciation for buildings and leasehold improvements commences once they are ready for our intended use. Land is not depreciated.Software Development CostsWe expense software development costs, including costs to develop software products or the software component of products to be marketed to external users, before technological feasibility of such products is reached. We have determined that technological feasibility is reached shortly before the release of those products and as a result, the development costs incurred after the establishment of technological feasibility and before the release of those products are not material.Software development costs also include costs to develop software programs to be used solely to meet our internal needs and cloud based applications used to deliver our services. We capitalize development costs related to these software applications once the preliminary project stage is complete and it is probable that the project will be completed and the software will be used to perform the function intended. Costs capitalized for developing such software applications were not material for the periods presented.Business CombinationsWe include the results of operations of the businesses that we acquire as of the respective dates of acquisition. We allocate the fair value of the purchase price of our acquisitions to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values. The excess of the fair value of the purchase price over the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill.Long-Lived Assets Including Goodwill and Other Acquired Intangible AssetsWe review property and equipment, long-term prepayments and intangible assets, excluding goodwill, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. We measure recoverability of these assets by comparing the carrying amounts to the future undiscounted cash flows that the assets or the asset group are expected to generate. If the assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized equals the amount by which the carrying value of the asset exceeds its fair market value. In2014, we recorded impairments of intangible assets, including an impairment of$378 millionin the third quarter of2014related to a patent licensing royalty asset.We test our goodwill for impairment at least annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset may be impaired. No goodwill impairment has been identified in any of the years presented.Intangible assets with definite lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives. We amortize our acquired intangible assets on a straight-line basis with definite lives over periods ranging fromonetotwelveyears.Income TaxesWe recognize income taxes under the liability method. We recognize deferred income taxes for differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities at enacted statutory tax rates in effect for the years in which differences are expected to reverse. We recognize the effect on deferred taxes of a change in tax rates in income in the period that includes the enactment date.Foreign CurrencyGenerally, the functional currency of our international subsidiaries is the local currency. We translate the financial statements of these subsidiaries to U.S. dollars using month-end rates of exchange for assets and liabilities, and average rates for the annual period derived from month-end spot rates for revenues, costs, and expenses. We record translation gains and losses in accumulated other comprehensive income as a component of stockholders equity. We reflect net foreign exchange transaction gains and losses resulting from the conversion of the transaction currency to functional currency as a component of foreign currency exchange losses in interest and other income, net.Advertising and Promotional ExpensesWe expense advertising and promotional costs in the period in which they are incurred. For the years endedDecember 31, 2012, 2013and2014, advertising and promotional expenses totaled approximately$1,992 million,$2,389 million, and$3,004 million.Recent Accounting PronouncementsIn April 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-08 ASU 2014-08 Presentation of Financial Statements Topic 205 and Property, Plant, and Equipment Topic 360: Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity. ASU 2014-08 raises the threshold for a disposal to qualify as a discontinued operation and requires new disclosures of both discontinued operations and certain other disposals that do not meet the definition of a discontinued operation. It is effective for annual periods beginning on or after December 15, 2014. Early adoption is permitted but only for disposals that have not been reported in financial statements previously issued. We do not expect the impact of the adoption of ASU 2014-08 to be material to our consolidated financial statements.In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09 ASU 2014-09 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. ASU 2014-09 supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Revenue Recognition Topic 605 and requires entities to recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is not permitted. We are currently in the process of evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2014-09 on our consolidated financial statements.In June 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-10 ASU 2014-10 Development Stage Entities Topic 915: Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements, Including an Amendment to Variable Interest Entities Guidance in Topic 810, Consolidation. ASU 2014-10 removes the definition of a development stage entity from the Master Glossary of the ASC thereby removing the financial reporting distinction between development stage entities and other reporting entities. The amendment eliminating the exception to the sufficiency-of-equity-at-risk criterion for development stage entities should be applied retrospectively for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods therein. Early application of these amendments is permitted. We are currently in the process of evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2014-10 on our consolidated financial statements.Prior Period ReclassificationsReclassifications of prior period amounts related to discontinued operations as a result of the sale of Motorola Home and Motorola Mobile businesses, and share and per share amounts due to the Stock Split have been made to conform to the current period presentation.ENDOFTENK