Note 1. Google Inc. and Summary of Significant Accounting PoliciesNature of OperationsWe were incorporated in California in September 1998. We were re-incorporated in the State of Delaware in August 2003. We generate revenue primarily by delivering relevant, cost-effective online advertising.Basis of ConsolidationThe consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Google Inc. and our wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.Use of EstimatesThe preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and disclosed in the financial statements and the accompanying notes. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to the accounts receivable and sales allowances, fair values of financial instruments, intangible assets and goodwill, useful lives of intangible assets and property and equipment, fair values of stock-based awards, income taxes, and contingent liabilities, among others. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities.Revenue RecognitionThe following table presents our revenues by revenue source in millions Google AdWords is our auction-based advertising program that enables advertisers to place text-based and display ads on our websites and our Google Network members websites. Display advertising comprises the videos, text, images, and other interactive ads that run across the web on computers and mobile devices, including smart phones and handheld computers such as netbooks and tablets. Most of our AdWords customers pay us on a cost-per-click basis, which means that an advertiser pays us only when a user clicks on one of its ads. We also offer AdWords on a cost-per-impression basis that enables advertisers to pay us based on the number of times their ads appear on our websites and our Google Network members websites as specified by the advertiser.Google AdSense refers to the online programs through which we distribute our advertisers AdWords ads for display on our Google Network members websites, as well as programs to deliver ads on television broadcasts. We recognize as revenues the fees charged advertisers each time a user clicks on one of the text-based ads that are displayed next to the search results pages on our website or on the search results pages or content pages of our Google Network members websites and, for those advertisers who use our cost-per impression pricing, the fees charged advertisers each time an ad is displayed on our members websites. We report our Google AdSense revenues on a gross basis principally because we are the primary obligor to our advertisers.Google ads for televisions enable advertisers, operators, and programmers to buy, schedule, deliver, and measure ads on television. We recognize as revenue the fees charged advertisers each time an ad is displayed on television in accordance with the terms of the related agreements.We also offer display advertising management services such as media planning, buying, implementation, and measurement tools for advertisers and agencies, and forecasting and reporting tools for publishers. We recognize the related fees as other revenues in the period advertising impressions are delivered.Google Checkout is our online shopping payment processing system for both consumers and merchants. We recognize as revenues any fees charged to merchants on transactions processed through Google Checkout. Further, cash ultimately paid to merchants under Google Checkout promotions, including cash paid to merchants as a result of discounts provided to consumers on certain transactions processed through Google Checkout, are accounted for as an offset to revenues.We generate fees from search services on a per-query basis. Our policy is to recognize revenues from per-query search fees in the period we provide the search results.We also generate fees from the sale and licensing of our Search Appliance products, which include hardware, software, and post-contract support primarily for two years. Prior to 2010, as the deliverables were not sold separately, sufficient vendor-specific objective evidence did not exist for the allocation of revenue. As a result, we recognized the entire fee for the sale and license of these products ratably over the term of the post-contract support arrangement. Beginning the first quarter of 2010, we adopted the new accounting guidance which requires us to allocate the consideration of the arrangement to each of the deliverables based on our best estimate of their standalone selling prices as there is no vendor-specific objective or third-party evidence of the selling prices. As a result, we now recognize revenue allocated to the hardware and software at the time of sale and revenue allocated to post-contract support ratably over the term of the service arrangement. The adoption of this new accounting guidance did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.In addition, we generate fees through the licensing of our Google Apps products. We recognize as revenue the fees we charge customers for hosting the related enterprise applications and services ratably over the term of the service arrangement.Revenues realized through display advertising management services, Google ads for televisions, Google Checkout, search services, Search Appliance, and Google Apps were not material in any of the years presented.We recognize revenues as described above because the services have been provided, the fees we charge are fixed or determinable, we and our advertisers or other customers understand the specific nature and terms of the agreed upon transactions and collectability is reasonably assured.We record deferred revenue upon invoicing or when cash payments are received in advance of our performance in the underlying agreement on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.Cost of RevenuesCost of revenues consists primarily of traffic acquisition costs. Traffic acquisition costs consist of amounts ultimately paid to our Google Network members under AdSense arrangements and to certain other partners our distribution partners who distribute our toolbar and other products collectively referred to as access points or otherwise direct search queries to our website collectively referred to as distribution arrangements. These amounts are primarily based on the revenue share arrangements with our Google Network members and distribution partners.Certain distribution arrangements require us to pay our distribution partners based on a fee per access point delivered and not exclusively or at all based on revenue share. These fees are non-refundable. Further, these distribution arrangements are terminable at will, although under the terms of certain contracts we or our distribution partners may be subject to penalties in the event of early termination. We recognize fees under these distribution arrangements over the estimated useful lives of the access points approximately two years to the extent we can reasonably estimate those lives and they are longer than one year, or based on any contractual revenue share, if greater. Otherwise, the fees are charged to expense as incurred. The estimated useful life of the access points is based on the historical average period of time they generate traffic and revenues. Further, we review the access points for impairment by distribution partner, type, and geography, and we have not made any impairment to date.Prepaid revenue share and distribution fees are included in prepaid revenue share, expenses, and other assets on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.Cost of revenues also includes the expenses associated with the operation of our data centers, including depreciation, labor, energy, bandwidth costs, credit card and other transaction fees related to processing customer transactions including Google Checkout transactions, amortization of acquired intangible assets, as well as content acquisition costs. We have entered into arrangements with certain content providers under which we distribute or license their video and other content. In a number of these arrangements, we display ads on the pages of our websites and our Google Network members websites from which the content is viewed and share most of the fees these ads generate with the content providers and the Google Network members.Stock-based CompensationWe have elected to use the BSM option pricing model to determine the fair value of stock options on the dates of grant.Restricted stock units RSUs are measured based on the fair market values of the underlying stock on the dates of grant. Shares are issued on the vesting dates net of the statutory withholding requirements to be paid by us on behalf of our employees. As a result, the actual number of shares issued will be fewer than the actual number of RSUs outstanding. Furthermore, we record the liability for withholding amounts to be paid by us as a reduction to additional paid-in capital when paid. Also, we recognize stock-based compensation using the straight-line method.We include as part of cash flows from financing activities the benefits of tax deductions in excess of the tax-effected compensation of the related stock-based awards for options exercised and RSUs vested during the period. During the years ended December 31, 2008, 2009, and 2010, the amount of cash received from the exercise of stock options was $73 million, $350 million, and $656 million, and the total direct tax benefit realized, including the excess tax benefit, from stock-based award activities was $251 million, $260 million, and $355 million. We have elected to account for the indirect effects of stock-based awards primarily the research and development tax credit through the Consolidated Statements of Income.In the years ended December 31, 2008, 2009, and 2010 we recognized stock-based compensation and related tax benefits of $1,120 million and $232 million, $1,164 million and $264 million, and $1,376 million and $314 million.Certain Risks and ConcentrationsOur revenues are principally derived from online advertising, the market for which is highly competitive and rapidly changing. In addition, our revenues are generated from a multitude of vertical market segments in countries around the world. Significant changes in this industry or changes in customer buying or advertiser spending behavior could adversely affect our operating results. Financial instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash equivalents, marketable securities, foreign exchange contracts, and accounts receivable. Cash equivalents and marketable securities consist primarily of highly liquid debt instruments of the U.S. government and its agencies, municipalities in the U.S., debt instruments issued by foreign governments, time deposits, money market and other funds, including cash collateral received related to our securities lending program, mortgage-backed securities, and corporate securities. Foreign exchange contracts are transacted with various financial institutions with high credit standing. Accounts receivable are typically unsecured and are derived from revenues earned from customers located around the world. In 2008, 2009, and 2010 we generated approximately 49%, 47%, and 48% of our revenues from customers based in the U.S., with the majority of customers outside of the U.S. located in Europe and Japan. Many of our Google Network members are in the internet industry. We perform ongoing evaluations to determine customer credit and we limit the amount of credit we extend, but generally we do not require collateral from our customers. We maintain reserves for estimated credit losses and these losses have generally been within our expectations.No individual customer or groups of affiliated customers represented more than 10% of our revenues in 2008, 2009, and 2010.Fair Value of Financial InstrumentsThe carrying amounts of our financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable, short-term debt, and accrued liabilities, approximate fair value because of their generally short maturities. We carry marketable securities and foreign currency contracts at fair value. See Notes 3 and 6 for more information.Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Marketable SecuritiesWe invest our excess cash primarily in highly liquid debt instruments of the U.S. government and its agencies, municipalities in the U.S., debt instruments issued by foreign governments, time deposits, money market and other funds, including cash collateral received related to our securities lending program, mortgage-backed securities, and corporate securities. We classify all highly liquid investments with stated maturities of three months or less from date of purchase as cash equivalents and all highly liquid investments with stated maturities of greater than three months as marketable securities.We determine the appropriate classification of our investments in marketable securities at the time of purchase and reevaluate such designation at each balance sheet date. We have classified and accounted for our marketable securities as available-for-sale. We may or may not hold securities with stated maturities greater than 12 months until maturity. After consideration of our risk versus reward objectives, as well as our liquidity requirements, we may sell these securities prior to their stated maturities. As we view these securities as available to support current operations, we classify securities with maturities beyond 12 months as current assets under the caption marketable securities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. We carry these securities at fair value, and report the unrealized gains and losses, net of taxes, as a component of stockholders equity, except for unrealized losses determined to be other-than-temporary which we record as interest and other income, net. We determine any realized gains or losses on the sale of marketable securities on a specific identification method, and we record such gains and losses as a component of interest and other income, net.Non-Marketable Equity SecuritiesWe have accounted for non-marketable equity security investments primarily at cost because we do not have significant influence over the underlying investees.Impairment of Marketable and Non-Marketable SecuritiesWe periodically review our marketable securities, as well as our non-marketable equity securities, for impairment. If we conclude that any of these investments are impaired, we determine whether such impairment is other-than-temporary. Factors we consider to make such determination include the duration and severity of the impairment, the reason for the decline in value and the potential recovery period, and our intent to sell, or whether it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell, the investment before recovery. If any impairment is considered other-than-temporary, we will write down the asset to its fair value and take a corresponding charge to our Consolidated Statements of Income.Accounts ReceivableWe record accounts receivable at the invoiced amount and we do not charge interest. We maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts to reserve for potentially uncollectible receivables. We review the accounts receivable by amounts due by customers which are past due to identify specific customers with known disputes or collectability issues. In determining the amount of the reserve, we make judgments about the creditworthiness of significant customers based on ongoing credit evaluations. We also maintain a sales allowance to reserve for potential credits issued to customers. We determine the amount of the reserve based on historical credits issued.Property and EquipmentWe account for property and equipment at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. We compute depreciation using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, generally two to five years. We depreciate buildings over periods up to 25 years. We amortize leasehold improvements over the shorter of the remaining lease term or the estimated useful lives of the assets. Construction in progress is related to the construction or development of property including land and equipment that have not yet been placed in service for their intended use. Depreciation for equipment commences once it is placed in service and depreciation for buildings and leasehold improvements commences once they are ready for their intended use. Land is not depreciated.Software Development CostsWe expense software development costs, including costs to develop software products or the software component of products to be marketed to external users, before technological feasibility of such products is reached. We have determined that technological feasibility was reached shortly before the release of those products and as a result, the development costs incurred after the establishment of technological feasibility and before the release of those products were not material, and accordingly, were expensed as incurred. Software development costs also include costs to develop software programs to be used solely to meet our internal needs. The costs we incurred during the application development stage for these software programs were not material in the years presented.Long-Lived Assets Including Goodwill and Other Acquired Intangible AssetsWe review property and equipment and intangible assets, excluding goodwill, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. We measure recoverability of these assets by comparing the carrying amounts to the future undiscounted cash flows the assets are expected to generate. If property and equipment and intangible assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized equals the amount by which the carrying value of the asset exceeds its fair market value. We have made no material adjustments to our long-lived assets in any of the years presented. In addition, we test our goodwill for impairment at least annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that this asset may be impaired. Our tests are based on our single operating segment and reporting unit structure. We found no impairment in any of the years presented.Intangible assets with definite lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives. We amortize our acquired intangible assets on a straight-line basis with definite lives over periods ranging from one to 12 years. Income TaxesWe recognize income taxes under the liability method. We recognize deferred income taxes for differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities at enacted statutory tax rates in effect for the years in which differences are expected to reverse. We recognize the effect on deferred taxes of a change in tax rates in income in the period that includes the enactment date.Foreign CurrencyGenerally, the functional currency of our international subsidiaries is the local currency. We translate the financial statements of these subsidiaries to U.S. dollars using month-end rates of exchange for assets and liabilities, and average rates of exchange for revenues, costs, and expenses. We record translation gains and losses in accumulated other comprehensive income as a component of stockholders equity. We recorded $84 million of net translation losses in 2008, $77 million of net translation gains in 2009, and $124 million of net translation losses in 2010. We record net gains and losses resulting from foreign exchange transactions as a component of interest and other income, net. These gains and losses are net of those realized on forward foreign exchange contracts. We recorded $36 million of net losses in 2008, $8 million of net gains in 2009, and $29 million of net losses in 2010.Legal CostsLegal costs are expensed as incurred.Advertising and Promotional ExpensesWe expense advertising and promotional costs in the period in which they are incurred. For the years ended December 31, 2008, 2009, and 2010 advertising and promotional expenses totaled approximately $266 million, $353 million, and $772 million.ENDOFTENK