Nature of OperationsWe were incorporated in California in September 1998. We were re-incorporated in the State of Delaware in August 2003. We provide highly targeted advertising and global internet search solutions as well as hosted applications.Basis of ConsolidationThe consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Google and our wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.Use of EstimatesThe preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and disclosed in the financial statements and the accompanying notes. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to the accounts receivable and sales allowances, fair values of financial instruments, fair values of prepaid revenue share, intangible assets and goodwill, useful lives of intangible assets and property and equipment, fair values of stock-based awards, and income taxes, among others. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities.Revenue RecognitionThe following table presents our revenues by revenue source in thousands Google AdWords is our automated online program that enables advertisers to place targeted text-based and display ads on our web sites and our Google Network members web sites. Display advertising includes static or animated images as well as interactive audio or video media, such as the banner ads on the tops or sides of many popular web sites. Most of our AdWords customers pay us on a cost-per-click basis, which means that an advertiser pays us only when a user clicks on one of its ads. We also offer AdWords on a cost-per-impression basis that enables advertisers to pay us based on the number of times their ads appear on our web sites and our Google Network members web sites as specified by the advertiser.Google AdSense refers to the online programs through which we distribute our advertisers AdWords ads for display on the web sites of our Google Network members as well as programs to deliver ads on television broadcasts. We recognize as revenues the fees charged advertisers each time a user clicks on one of the text-based ads that are displayed next to the search results pages on our site or on the search results pages or content pages of our Google Network members web sites and, for those advertisers who use our cost-per impression pricing, the fees charged advertisers each time an ad is displayed on our members sites. We report our Google AdSense revenues on a gross basis principally because we are the primary obligor to our advertisers.Google TV Ads enable advertisers, operators, and programmers to buy, schedule, deliver, and measure ads on television. We recognize as revenue the fees charged advertisers each time an ad is displayed on television in accordance with the terms of the related agreements.We also offer display advertising management services such as media planning, buying, implementation, and measurement tools for advertisers and agencies and forecasting and reporting tools for publishers. We recognize the related fees as licensing and other revenues in the period advertising impressions are delivered.Google Checkout is our online shopping payment processing system for both consumers and merchants. We recognize as revenues any fees charged to merchants on transactions processed through Google Checkout. Further, cash ultimately paid to merchants under Google Checkout promotions, including cash paid to merchants as a result of discounts provided to consumers on certain transactions processed through Google Checkout, are accounted for as an offset to revenues.We generate fees from search services on a per-query basis. Our policy is to recognize revenues from per-query search fees in the period we provide the search results.We also generate fees from the sale and license of our Search Appliance products, which include hardware, software, and post-contract support primarily for two years. As the deliverables are not sold separately, sufficient vendor-specific objective evidence does not exist for the allocation of revenue. As a result, we recognized the entire fee for the sale and license of these products ratably over the term of the post-contract support arrangement. Beginning the first quarter of 2010, we adopted the new accounting guidance which requires us to allocate the consideration of the arrangement to each of the deliverables based on our best estimate of their selling prices as there is no vendor-specific objective or third-party evidence of the selling prices. As a result, we now recognize revenue allocated to the hardware and software at the time of sale and revenue allocated to post-contract support ratably over the term of the service arrangement.In addition, we generate fees through the license of our Google Apps products. We recognize as revenue the fees we charge customers for hosting the related enterprise applications and services ratably over the term of the service arrangement.Revenues realized through display advertising management services, Google TV Ads, Google Checkout, search services, Search Appliance, and Google Apps were not material in any of the years presented.We recognize revenues as described above because the services have been provided, the fees we charge are fixed or determinable, we and our advertisers or other customers understand the specific nature and terms of the agreed-upon transactions and collectability is reasonably assured.We record deferred revenue when payments are received in advance of our performance in the underlying agreement on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. Cost of RevenuesCost of revenues consists primarily of traffic acquisition costs. Traffic acquisition costs consist of amounts ultimately paid to our Google Network members under AdSense arrangements and to certain other partners our distribution partners who distribute our toolbar and other products collectively referred to as access points or otherwise direct search queries to our web site collectively referred to as distribution arrangements. These amounts are primarily based on the revenue share arrangements with our Google Network members and distribution partners.Certain AdSense agreements obligate us to make guaranteed minimum revenue share payments to Google Network members based on their achieving defined performance terms, such as number of search queries or advertisements displayed. These fees may be paid in advance or in arrears and are non-refundable but are subject to adjustment based on the achievement of the defined performance terms. In addition, the arrangements are terminable at will, although under the terms of certain contracts we or our Google Network members may be subject to penalties in the event of early termination. To the extent we expect revenues generated under an arrangement to exceed the guaranteed minimum revenue share payments, we recognize traffic acquisition costs on a contractual revenue share basis or on a basis proportionate to forecasted revenues, whichever is greater. Otherwise, we recognize the guaranteed revenue share payments as traffic acquisition costs on a straight-line basis over the term of the related agreements. For AdSense agreements under which we only pay on a contractual revenue share basis, we recognize the revenue share obligations as traffic acquisition costs at the same time the related revenue is recognized. Also, concurrent with the commencement of a small number of AdSense and other agreements, we have purchased certain items from, or provided other consideration to, our Google Network members and partners. We have determined that certain of these amounts are prepaid traffic acquisition costs and are amortized on a straight-line basis over the terms of the related agreements.In addition, certain distribution arrangements require us to pay our partners based on a fee per access point delivered and not exclusively or at all based on revenue share. These fees are non-refundable. Further, these arrangements are terminable at will, although under the terms of certain contracts we or our distribution partners may be subject to penalties in the event of early termination. We recognize fees under these arrangements over the estimated useful lives of the access points approximately two years to the extent we can reasonably estimate those lives and they are longer than one year, or based on any contractual revenue share, if greater. Otherwise, the fees are charged to expense as incurred. The estimated useful life of the access points is based on the historical average period of time they generate traffic and revenues. Further, we review the access points for impairment by distribution partner, type, and geography, and we have not made any impairment to date.Prepaid revenue share and distribution fees are included in prepaid revenue share, expenses, and other assets on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.Cost of revenues also includes the expenses associated with the operation of our data centers, including depreciation, labor, energy, and bandwidth costs, credit card and other transaction fees related to processing customer transactions including Google Checkout transactions, amortization of acquired intangible assets, as well as content acquisition costs. We have entered into arrangements with certain content providers under which we distribute or license their video and other content. In a number of these arrangements, we display ads on the pages of our web sites and our Google Network members web sites from which the content is viewed and share most of the fees these ads generate with the content providers and the Google Network members. To the extent we are obligated to make guaranteed minimum revenue share or other payments to our content providers, we recognize content acquisition costs equal to the greater of the following three amounts: 1 the contractual revenue share amount, if any, 2 an amount that is based on the number of times the content is displayed, or 3 an amount calculated on a straight-line basis over the terms of the agreements.Stock-based CompensationWe have elected to use the Black-Scholes-Merton BSM pricing model to determine the fair value of stock options on the dates of grant.Restricted stock units RSUs are measured based on the fair market values of the underlying stock on the dates of grant. Shares are issued on the vesting dates net of the statutory withholding requirements to be paid by us on behalf of our employees. As a result, the actual number of shares issued will be fewer than the actual number of RSUs outstanding. Furthermore, we record the liability for withholding amounts to be paid by us as a reduction to additional paid-in capital when paid. Also, we recognize stock-based compensation using the straight-line method.We include as part of cash flows from financing activities the benefits of tax deductions in excess of the tax-effected compensation of the related stock-based awards for options exercised and RSUs vested during the period. During the years ended December 31, 2007, 2008, and 2009, the amount of cash received from the exercise of stock options was $1372 million, $725 million, and $3502 million, and the total direct tax benefit realized, including the excess tax benefit, from stock-based award activity was $4632 million, $2509 million, and $2602 million. We have elected to account for the indirect effects of stock-based awards primarily the research and development tax credit through the income statement.In the years ended December 31, 2007, 2008, and 2009, we recognized stock-based compensation and related tax benefits of $8686 million and $1430 million, $1,1198 million and $2317 million, and $1,1641 million and $2640 million.Certain Risks and ConcentrationsOur revenues are principally derived from online advertising, the market for which is highly competitive and rapidly changing. In addition, our revenues are generated from a multitude of vertical market segments in countries around the globe. Significant changes in this industry or changes in customer buying or advertiser spending behavior could adversely affect our operating results.Financial instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash equivalents, marketable securities, foreign exchange contracts, and accounts receivable. Cash equivalents and marketable securities consist primarily of highly liquid debt instruments of the U.S. government and its agencies, municipalities in the U.S., debt instruments issued by foreign governments, time deposits, money market funds, mortgage-backed securities, and corporate securities. Foreign exchange contracts are transacted with various major corporations and financial institutions with high credit standing. Accounts receivable are typically unsecured and are derived from revenues earned from customers located around the globe. In 2007, 2008, and 2009, we generated approximately 52%, 49%, and 47% of our revenues from customers based in the U.S., with the majority of customers outside of the U.S. located in Europe and Japan. Many of our Google Network members are in the internet industry. We perform ongoing evaluations to determine customer credit and we limit the amount of credit we extend, but generally we do not require collateral from our customers. We maintain reserves for estimated credit losses and these losses have generally been within our expectations.No advertiser or Google Network member generated greater than 10% of revenues in 2007, 2008, and 2009. Fair Value of Financial InstrumentsThe carrying amounts of our financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and accrued liabilities, approximate fair value because of their generally short maturities. We carry marketable securities and foreign currency contracts at fair value. See Notes 3 and 4 below for more information.Cash and Cash Equivalents and Marketable SecuritiesWe invest our excess cash primarily in highly liquid debt instruments of the U.S. government and its agencies, municipalities in the U.S., debt instruments issued by foreign government, time deposits, money market mutual funds, mortgage-backed securities, and corporate securities. We classify all highly liquid investments with stated maturities of three months or less from date of purchase as cash equivalents and all highly liquid investments with stated maturities of greater than three months as marketable securities.We determine the appropriate classification of our investments in marketable securities at the time of purchase and reevaluate such designation at each balance sheet date. We have classified and accounted for our marketable securities as available-for-sale. We may or may not hold securities with stated maturities greater than 12 months until maturity. After consideration of our risk versus reward objectives, as well as our liquidity requirements, we may sell these securities prior to their stated maturities. As we view these securities as available to support current operations, we classify securities with maturities beyond 12 months as current assets under the caption marketable securities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. We carry these securities at fair value, and report the unrealized gains and losses, net of taxes, as a component of stockholders equity, except for unrealized losses determined to be other than temporary which we record as interest income and other, net. We determine any realized gains or losses on the sale of marketable securities on a specific identification method, and we record such gains and losses as a component of interest income and other, net.Non-Marketable Equity SecuritiesWe have accounted for non-marketable equity security investments primarily at cost because we do not have significant influence over the underlying investees.Impairment of Marketable and Non-Marketable SecuritiesWe periodically review our marketable securities, as well as our non-marketable equity securities, for impairment. If we conclude that any of these investments are impaired, we determine whether such impairment is other-than-temporary. Factors we consider to make such determination include the duration and severity of the impairment, the reason for the decline in value and the potential recovery period, and our intent to sell, or whether it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell, the investment before recovery. If any impairment is considered other-than-temporary we will write down the asset to its fair value and take a corresponding charge to our Consolidated Statements of Income.Accounts ReceivableWe record accounts receivable at the invoiced amount and we do not charge interest. We maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts to reserve for potentially uncollectible receivables. We review the accounts receivable by amounts due by customers which are past due to identify specific customers with known disputes or collectability issues. In determining the amount of the reserve, we make judgments about the creditworthiness of significant customers based on ongoing credit evaluations. We also maintain a sales allowance to reserve for potential credits issued to customers. We determine the amount of the reserve based on historical credits issued. Property and EquipmentWe account for property and equipment at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. We compute depreciation using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, generally two to five years. We depreciate buildings over periods up to 25 years. We amortize leasehold improvements over the shorter of the lease term or the estimated useful lives of the assets. Construction in progress is related to the construction or development of property including land and equipment that have not yet been placed in service for their intended use. Depreciation for equipment commences once it is placed in service and depreciation for buildings and leasehold improvements commences once they are ready for their intended use.Software Development CostsWe expense software development costs, including costs to develop software products or the software component of products to be marketed to external users, before technological feasibility of such products is reached. We have determined that technological feasibility was reached shortly before the release of those products and as a result, the development costs incurred after the establishment of technological feasibility and before the release of those products were not material, and accordingly, were expensed as incurred. Software development costs also include costs to develop software programs to be used solely to meet our internal needs. The costs we incurred during the application development stage for these software programs were not material in the years presented.Long-Lived Assets Including Goodwill and Other Acquired Intangible AssetsWe review property and equipment and intangible assets, excluding goodwill, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. We measure recoverability of these assets by comparing the carrying amounts to the future undiscounted cash flows the assets are expected to generate. If property and equipment and intangible assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized equals the amount by which the carrying value of the asset exceeds its fair market value. We have made no material adjustments to our long-lived assets in any of the years presented. In addition, we test our goodwill for impairment at least annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that this asset may be impaired. Our tests are based on our single operating segment and reporting unit structure. We found no material impairment in any of the years presented.Intangible assets with definite lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives. We amortize our acquired intangible assets on a straight-line basis with definite lives over periods ranging primarily from one to 12 years.Income TaxesWe recognize income taxes under the liability method. We recognize deferred income taxes for differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities at enacted statutory tax rates in effect for the years in which differences are expected to reverse. We recognize the effect on deferred taxes of a change in tax rates in income in the period that includes the enactment date.Foreign CurrencyGenerally, the functional currency of our international subsidiaries is the local currency. We translate the financial statements of these subsidiaries to U.S. dollars using month-end rates of exchange for assets and liabilities, and average rates of exchange for revenues, costs, and expenses. We record translation gains and losses in accumulated other comprehensive income as a component of stockholders equity. We recorded $610 million of net translation gains in 2007, $842 million of net translation losses in 2008, and $767 million of net translation gains in 2009. We record net gains and losses resulting from foreign exchange transactions as a component of interest income and other, net. These gains and losses are net of those realized on forward foreign exchange contracts. We recorded $162 million and $356 million of net losses in 2007 and 2008, and $82 million of net gains in 2009 from assets and liabilities denominated in a currency other than the local currency.Legal CostsLegal costs are expensed as incurred.Advertising and Promotional ExpensesWe expense advertising and promotional costs in the period in which they are incurred. For the years ended December 31, 2007, 2008, and 2009, advertising and promotional expenses totaled approximately $2367 million, $2664 million, and $3534 million.Subsequent EventsIn May 2009, the FASB issued a new accounting standard which established general accounting standards and disclosure for subsequent events. In accordance with this standard, we evaluated subsequent events through February 12, 2010, the date we filed this Annual Report on Form 10-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC.Effect of Recent Accounting PronouncementsIn June 2009, the FASB issued a new accounting standard which changes the consolidation rules as they relate to variable interest entities. Specifically, the new standard makes significant changes to the model for determining who should consolidate a variable interest entity, and also addresses how often this assessment should be performed. We adopted this standard in the first quarter of 2010 and the adoption did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.In August 2009, the FASB issued a new accounting standard which provides additional guidance on the measurement of liabilities at fair value. Specifically, when a quoted price in an active market for the identical liability is not available, the new standard requires that the fair value of a liability be measured using one or more of the valuation techniques that should maximize the use of relevant observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. In addition, an entity is not required to include a separate input or adjustment to other inputs relating to the existence of a restriction that prevents the transfer of a liability. We adopted this standard in the fourth quarter of 2009 and the adoption did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.In October 2009, the FASB issued a new accounting standard which provides guidance for arrangements with multiple deliverables. Specifically, the new standard requires an entity to allocate consideration at the inception of an arrangement to all of its deliverables based on their relative selling prices. In the absence of the vendor-specific objective evidence or third-party evidence of the selling prices, consideration must be allocated to the deliverables based on management s best estimate of the selling prices. In addition, the new standard eliminates the use of the residual method of allocation. In October 2009, the FASB also issued a new accounting standard which changes revenue recognition for tangible products containing software and hardware elements. Specifically, tangible products containing software and hardware that function together to deliver the tangible products essential functionality are scoped out of the existing software revenue recognition guidance and will be accounted for under the multiple-element arrangements revenue recognition guidance discussed above. Both standards will be effective for us in the first quarter of 2011. Early adoption is permitted. We adopted these new accounting standards in the first quarter of 2010 using the prospective method and the adoption did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. Had we adopted these new standards in 2009, the impact on our consolidated financial statements would have been immaterial. ENDOFTENK