Nature of Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting PoliciesNature of OperationsGoogle was incorporated in California in September 1998 and re-incorporated in the State of Delaware in August 2003. We generate revenues primarily by delivering relevant, cost-effective online advertising.On August 10, 2015, we announced plans to create a new public holding company, Alphabet Inc. Alphabet, and a new operating structure. On October 2, 2015, we implemented the holding company reorganization, and as a result, Alphabet became the successor issuer to Google Inc. Google.The implementation of the holding company reorganization on October 2, 2015 was accounted for as a merger under common control. Alphabet has recognized the assets and liabilities of Google at carryover basis. The consolidated financial statements of Alphabet present comparative information for prior years on a combined basis, as if both Alphabet and Google were under common control for all periods presented.Basis of ConsolidationThe consolidated financial statements of Alphabet include the accounts of Alphabet and all wholly owned subsidiaries as well as all variable interest entities where we are the primary beneficiary. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.Use of EstimatesThe preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and disclosed in the financial statements and the accompanying notes. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to the accounts receivable and sales allowances, fair values of financial instruments, intangible assets and goodwill, useful lives of intangible assets and property and equipment, income taxes, and contingent liabilities, among others. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities.Revenue RecognitionThe following table presents our revenues by segment and revenue source in millions:We generate revenues primarily by delivering performance and brand advertising. Performance advertising creates and delivers relevant ads that users will click, leading to direct engagement with advertisers. Brand advertising enhances users awareness of and affinity with advertisers products and services, through videos, text, images, and other ads that run across various devices.Google properties revenues consist primarily of advertising revenues generated on Google.com, the Google app, YouTube, and other Google owned and operated properties like Gmail, Maps and Google Play. Google Network Members properties revenues consist primarily of revenues generated from placing ads on Google Network Members properties. Our customers generally purchase ads through AdWords, DoubleClick Bid Manager, and DoubleClick AdExchange, among others. Most of our customers pay us on a cost-per-click basis, which means that an advertiser pays us only when a user engages with the ads by clicking on an ad on Google properties or Google Network Members' properties or by viewing YouTube engagement ads like TrueView counted as an engagement when the user chooses not to skip the ad. We also offer advertising on other bases such as cost-per-impression, which enables our brand advertisers to pay us based on the number of times their ads are displayed on Google properties and Google Network Members properties.Revenue from advertising is recognized when the goods or services have been delivered or provided, the amounts we charge are fixed or determinable, we and our advertisers or other customers understand the specific nature and terms of the agreed upon transactions, and collectability is reasonably assured. We recognize as revenues the amounts charged to advertisers each time a user engages with ads that appears next to the search results or content on Google properties or Google Network Members properties. For those advertisers using our cost-per-impression pricing, we recognize as revenues the amounts charged to advertisers each time their ads are displayed on Google properties or Google Network Members properties. We generally report revenues from ads placed on Google Network Members' properties on a gross basis principally because we are the primary obligor to our advertisers.Revenue from hardware sales to end customers or through distribution channels is generally recognized when the product has been shipped, risk of loss has transferred to the customer, objective evidence exists that customer acceptance provisions have been met, no significant obligations remain and allowances for discounts, price protection, returns and customer incentives, if applicable, can be reasonably and reliably estimated. Revenues are reported net of these allowances.For the sale of certain third-party products and services, we evaluate whether it is appropriate to recognize revenue based on the gross amount billed to the customers or the net amount earned as revenue share. Generally, when we record revenue on a gross basis, we are the primary obligor in a transaction, and have also considered other factors, including whether we are subject to inventory risk or have latitude in establishing prices.For multi-element arrangements, including those that contain software essential to hardware products functionality and services, we allocate revenue to each unit of accounting based on their relative selling prices. In such circumstances, we use a hierarchy to determine the selling prices to be used for allocating revenue: i vendor-specific objective evidence of fair value VSOE, ii third-party evidence of selling price, and iii best estimate of the selling price ESP. VSOE generally exists only when we sell the deliverable separately and is the price actually charged by us for that deliverable. ESPs reflect our best estimates of what the selling price of the deliverable would be if it was sold regularly on a stand-alone basis.We record deferred revenues when cash payments are received in advance of our performance in the underlying agreement on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.Cost of RevenuesCost of revenues consists of traffic acquisition costs which are paid to Google Network Members primarily for ads displayed on their properties and amounts paid to our distribution partners who make available our search access points and services. Our distribution partners include browser providers, mobile carriers, original equipment manufacturers, and software developers.Additionally, other costs of revenues include the following:Stock-based CompensationStock-based compensation includes restricted stock units RSUs that will be settled in Alphabet stock as well as awards we expect to ultimately settle in cash. RSUs are measured at the fair market value of the underlying stock at the grant date. Liability classified awards are remeasured at fair value through settlement. We recognize stock-based compensation using the straight-line method over the requisite service period. With the adoption of ASU 2016-09 on January 1, 2016, we account for forfeitures as they occur.For RSUs, shares are issued on the vesting dates net of the minimum statutory tax withholding to be paid by us on behalf of our employees. As a result, the actual number of shares issued will be fewer than the actual number of RSUs outstanding. We record a liability for withholding amounts to be paid by us primarily as a reduction to additional paid-in capital.Certain Risks and ConcentrationsOur revenues are primarily derived from online advertising, the market for which is highly competitive and rapidly changing. In addition, our revenues are generated from a multitude of vertical market segments in countries around the world. Significant changes in this industry or changes in customer buying or advertiser spending behavior could adversely affect our operating results.We are subject to concentrations of credit risk principally from cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, foreign exchange contracts, and accounts receivable. Cash equivalents and marketable securities consist primarily of time deposits, money market and other funds, highly liquid debt instruments of the U.S. government and its agencies, debt instruments issued by foreign governments, debt instruments issued by municipalities in the U.S., corporate debt securities, agency mortgage-backed securities, and asset-backed securities. Foreign exchange contracts are transacted with various financial institutions with high credit standing. Accounts receivable are typically unsecured and are derived from revenues earned from customers located around the world. In2014,2015, and2016, we generated approximately45%,46%, and47%of our revenues from customers based in the U.S., with the majority of revenues from customers outside of the U.S. located in Europe and Japan. We perform ongoing evaluations to determine customer credit and we limit the amount of credit we extend, but generally we do not require collateral from our customers. We maintain reserves for estimated credit losses and these losses have generally been within our expectations.Noindividual customer or groups of affiliated customers represented more than10%of our revenues in2014,2015, or2016.Fair Value of Financial InstrumentsOur financial assets and financial liabilities including cash equivalents, marketable securities, foreign currency and interest rate derivative contracts, and non-marketable debt securities are measured and recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. We measure certain financial assets at fair value for disclosure purposes, as well as on a nonrecurring basis when they are deemed to be other-than-temporarily impaired. Our other current financial assets and our other current financial liabilities have fair values that approximate their carrying value.Fair value is an exit price, representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. As such, fair value is a market-based measurement that is determined based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or a liability. Assets and liabilities recorded at fair value are measured and classified in accordance with a three-tier fair value hierarchy based on the observability of the inputs available in the market used to measure fair value:Level 1 - Observable inputs that reflect quoted prices unadjusted for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.Level 2 - Include other inputs that are based upon quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active, and model-based valuation techniques for which all significant inputs are observable in the market or can be derived from observable market data. Where applicable, these models project future cash flows and discount the future amounts to a present value using market-based observable inputs including interest rate curves, foreign exchange rates, and credit ratings.Level 3 - Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activities.The fair value hierarchy requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value.Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Marketable SecuritiesWe invest all excess cash primarily in debt securities including those of the U.S. government and its agencies, corporate debt securities, agency mortgage-backed securities, money market and other funds, municipal securities, time deposits, asset backed securities, and debt instruments issued by foreign governments.We classify all investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and have stated maturities of three months or less from the date of purchase as cash equivalents and those with stated maturities of greater than three months as marketable securities.We determine the appropriate classification of our investments in marketable securities at the time of purchase and reevaluate such designation at each balance sheet date. We have classified and accounted for our marketable securities as available-for-sale. After consideration of our risk versus reward objectives, as well as our liquidity requirements, we may sell these securities prior to their stated maturities. As we view these securities as available to support current operations, we classify highly liquid securities with maturities beyond 12 months as current assets under the caption marketable securities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. We carry these securities at fair value, and report the unrealized gains and losses, net of taxes, as a component of stockholders equity, except for unrealized losses determined to be other-than-temporary, which we record within other income expense, net. We determine any realized gains or losses on the sale of marketable securities on a specific identification method, and we record such gains and losses as a component of other income expense, net.Non-Marketable InvestmentsWe have accounted for non-marketable equity investments either under the equity or cost method. Investments through which we exercise significant influence but do not have control over the investee are accounted for under the equity method. Investments through which we are not able to exercise significant influence over the investee are accounted for under the cost method.We have accounted for our non-marketable investments that meet the definition of a debt security as available-for-sale securities. Since these securities do not have contractual maturity dates and we do not intend to liquidate them in the next 12 months, we have classified them as non-current assets on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet.Variable Interest EntitiesWe make a determination at the inception of each arrangement whether an entity in which we have made an investment or in which we have other variable interests is considered a Variable Interest Entity VIE. We consolidate VIEs when we are deemed to be the primary beneficiary. The primary beneficiary of a VIE is the party that meets both of the following criteria: i has the power to make decisions that most significantly affect the economic performance of the VIE; and ii has the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that in either case could potentially be significant to the VIE. Periodically, we determine whether any changes occurred requiring a reassessment of whether we are the primary beneficiary of a VIE. If we are not deemed to be the primary beneficiary in a VIE, we account for the investment or other variable interests in a VIE in accordance with applicable GAAP.Impairment of Marketable and Non-Marketable InvestmentsWe periodically review our marketable and non-marketable investments for impairment. If we conclude that any of these investments are impaired, we determine whether such impairment is other-than-temporary. Factors we consider to make such determination include the duration and severity of the impairment, the reason for the decline in value and the potential recovery period and our intent to sell. For debt securities, we also consider whether 1 it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis, and 2 the amortized cost basis cannot be recovered as a result of credit losses. If any impairment is considered other-than-temporary, we will write down the asset to its fair value and record the corresponding charge as other income expense, net.Accounts ReceivableWe record accounts receivable at the invoiced amount and we normally do not charge interest. We maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts to reserve for potentially uncollectible receivables. We review the accounts receivable by amounts due by customers which are past due to identify specific customers with known disputes or collectability issues. In determining the amount of the reserve, we make judgments about the creditworthiness of significant customers based on ongoing credit evaluations. We also maintain a sales allowance to reserve for potential credits issued to customers. We determine the amount of the reserve based on historical credits issued.Property and EquipmentWe account for property and equipment at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. We compute depreciation using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. We depreciate buildings over periods up to25years. We generally depreciate information technology assets over periods up to7years. We amortize leasehold improvements over the shorter of the remaining lease term or the estimated useful lives of the assets. Construction in progress is the construction or development of property and equipment that have not yet been placed in service for our intended use. Depreciation for equipment commences once it is placed in service and depreciation for buildings and leasehold improvements commences once they are ready for our intended use. Land is not depreciated.InventoryInventory consists primarily of finished goods and is stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Cost is computed using the first-in, first-out method.Software Development CostsWe expense software development costs, including costs to develop software products or the software component of products to be sold, leased, or marketed to external users, before technological feasibility is reached. Technological feasibility is typically reached shortly before the release of such products and as a result, development costs that meet the criteria for capitalization were not material for the periods presented.Software development costs also include costs to develop software to be used solely to meet internal needs and cloud based applications used to deliver our services. We capitalize development costs related to these software applications once the preliminary project stage is complete and it is probable that the project will be completed and the software will be used to perform the function intended. Costs capitalized for developing such software applications were not material for the periods presented.Business CombinationsWe include the results of operations of the businesses that we acquire as of the acquisition date. We allocate the purchase price of our acquisitions to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values. The excess of the purchase price over the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. Acquisition-related expenses are recognized separately from the business combination and are expensed as incurred.Long-Lived Assets, Goodwill and Other Acquired Intangible AssetsWe review property and equipment, long-term prepayments and intangible assets, excluding goodwill, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. We measure recoverability of these assets by comparing the carrying amounts to the future undiscounted cash flows that the assets or the asset group are expected to generate. If the carrying value of the assets are not recoverable, the impairment recognized is measured as the amount by which the carrying value of the asset exceeds its fair market value. In 2014, we recorded impairments of intangible assets, including an impairment of$378 millionin the third quarter of 2014 related to a patent licensing royalty asset. Impairments of intangible assets were not material in 2015 or 2016.We allocate goodwill to reporting units based on the reporting unit expected to benefit from the business combination. We evaluate our reporting units when changes in our operating structure occur, and if necessary, reassign goodwill using a relative fair value allocation approach. We test our goodwill for impairment at least annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset may be impaired. No goodwill impairment has been identified in any of the years presented.Intangible assets with definite lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives. We amortize intangible assets on a straight-line basis with definite lives over periods ranging fromonetotwelveyears.Income TaxesWe account for income taxes using the asset and liability method, under which we recognize the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year and deferred tax assets and liabilities for the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our financial statements or tax returns. We measure current and deferred tax assets and liabilities based on provisions of enacted tax law. We evaluate the realization of our deferred tax assets based on all available evidence and establish a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets when it is more-likely-than-not that they will not be realized.We recognize the financial statement effects of a tax position when it is more-likely-than not that, based on technical merits, the position will be sustained upon examination. The tax benefits of the position recognized in the financial statements are then measured based on the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50% likely to be realized upon settlement with a taxing authority. In addition, we recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of the income tax provision.Foreign CurrencyGenerally, the functional currency of our international subsidiaries is the local currency. We translate the financial statements of these subsidiaries to U.S. dollars using month-end exchange rates for assets and liabilities, and average rates for the annual period derived from month-end exchange rates for revenues, costs, and expenses. We record translation gains and losses in accumulated other comprehensive income as a component of stockholders equity. We reflect net foreign exchange transaction gains and losses resulting from the conversion of the transaction currency to functional currency as a component of foreign currency exchange losses in other income expense, net.Advertising and Promotional ExpensesWe expense advertising and promotional costs in the period in which they are incurred. For the years endedDecember 31, 2014, 2015and2016, advertising and promotional expenses totaled approximately$3,004 million,$3,186 million, and$3,868 million, respectively.Recent Accounting PronouncementsRecently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adoptedIn May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09 Topic 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. Topic 606 supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Accounting Standards Codification Topic 605, Revenue Recognition and requires entities to recognize revenue when they transfer control of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. We intend to early adopt Topic 606 as of January 1, 2017, using the modified retrospective transition method applied to those contracts which were not completed as of that date. Upon adoption, we will recognize the cumulative effect of adopting this guidance as an adjustment to our opening balance of retained earnings. Prior periods will not be retrospectively adjusted. We expect the adoption of Topic 606 will not have a material impact to our consolidated financial statements, including the presentation of revenues in our Consolidated Statements of Income.In January 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-01 ASU 2016-01 Financial Instruments-Overall Subtopic 825-10: Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities. ASU 2016-01 amends various aspects of the recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure for financial instruments. ASU 2016-01 is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those years beginning after December 15, 2017. The most significant impact relates to the recognition and measurement of equity investments at fair value in the consolidated statement of income. While we continue to evaluate the effect of the standard, we anticipate that the adoption of ASU 2016-01 will increase the volatility of our other income expense, net, resulting from the remeasurement of our equity investments.In February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02 Topic 842 Leases. Topic 842 supersedes the lease recognition requirements in Accounting Standards Codification Topic 840, Leases. Under Topic 842, lessees are required to recognize assets and liabilities on the balance sheet for most leases and provide enhanced disclosures. Leases will continue to be classified as either finance or operating. Topic 842 is effective for annual reporting periods, and interim periods within those years beginning after December 15, 2018. Entities are required to use a modified retrospective approach for leases that exist or are entered into after the beginning of the earliest comparative period in the financial statements, and there are certain optional practical expedients that an entity may elect to apply. Full retrospective application is prohibited and early adoption by public entities is permitted. We anticipate that the adoption of ASU 2016-02 will materially affect our statement of financial position and will require changes to our systems and processes. We have not yet made any decision on the timing of adoption or method of adoption with respect to the optional practical expedients.In June 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-13 ASU 2016-13 Financial Instruments-Credit Losses Topic 326: Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments which requires the measurement and recognition of expected credit losses for financial assets held at amortized cost. ASU 2016-13 replaces the existing incurred loss impairment model with an expected loss methodology, which will result in more timely recognition of credit losses. ASU 2016-13 is effective for annual reporting periods, and interim periods within those years beginning after December 15, 2019. We are currently in the process of evaluating the impact of the adoption of this standard on our consolidated financial statements.Recently adopted accounting pronouncementsIn June 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-10 ASU 2014-10 Development Stage Entities Topic 915: Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements, Including an Amendment to Variable Interest Entities Guidance in Topic 810, Consolidation. ASU 2014-10 removes the definition of a development stage entity from the Master Glossary of the Accounting Standards Codification ASC, thereby removing the financial reporting distinction between development stage entities and other reporting entities. The additional elimination of related consolidation guidance requires companies with interests in development stage entities to reassess whether such entities are variable interest entities under ASC Topic 810, Consolidation. We adopted this standard in the first quarter of 2016 on a retrospective basis. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. Additional disclosures have been made related to certain entities that are now considered variable interest entities under this standard. See Note 7 for details.In February 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-02 ASU 2015-02 Consolidation Topic 810: Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis. ASU 2015-02 changes the analysis that a reporting entity must perform to determine whether it should consolidate certain types of legal entities. We adopted this standard in the first quarter of 2016 on a retrospective basis. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements but resulted in additional investments being considered variable interest entities. In March 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-09 ASU 2016-09 Compensation Stock Compensation Topic 718: Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting. We have elected to early adopt these amendments beginning in the first quarter of 2016. Stock-based compensationexcess tax benefits or deficiencies are now reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Income as a component of the provision for income taxes, whereas they previously were recognized in equity. Additionally, our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows now include excess tax benefits as an operating activity, with the prior periods adjusted accordingly. Finally, we have elected to account for forfeitures as they occur, rather than estimate expected forfeitures. As a result of the adoption of ASU 2016-09, the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the twelve months ended December 31, 2014 and 2015 were adjusted as follows:$648 million and$548 millionincreases to net cash provided by operating activities, respectively, and$648 million and$548 millionincreases to net cash used in financing activities, respectively.Revision of Previously Disclosed InformationDuring the third quarter of 2016, we identified an omission in our supplemental disclosure of cash paid for income taxes in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. We have evaluated the materiality of the impact quantitatively and qualitatively and concluded it was not material to any of the prior periods impacted. We elected to revise the supplemental disclosure for the comparable periods presented. The revision only impacted our supplemental disclosures included in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.Prior Period ReclassificationsCertain amounts in prior periods have been reclassified to conform with current period presentation.ENDOFTENK