Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting PoliciesDescription of BusinessNetflix, Inc. the Company was incorporated on August 29, 1997 and began operations on April 14, 1998. The Company is the world s leading Internet television network with over75 millionstreaming members in over190countries enjoying more than125 millionhours of hours of TV shows and movies per day, including original series, documentaries and feature films. Members can watch as much as they want, anytime, anywhere, on nearly any Internet-connected screen. Members can play, pause and resume watching, all without commercials or commitments. Additionally, in the United States U.S., members can receive DVDs.The Company hasthreereportable segments, Domestic streaming, International streaming and Domestic DVD. A majority of the Company s revenues are generated in the United States, and substantially all of the Company s long-lived tangible assets are held in the United States. The Company s revenues are derived from monthly membership fees.Basis of PresentationThe consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. Intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.Use of EstimatesThe preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include the amortization policy for the streaming content assets; the recognition and measurement of income tax assets and liabilities; and the valuation of stock-based compensation. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that the Company believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates.Stock SplitOn July 14, 2015, the Company completed a seven-for-one stock split in the form of a stock dividend. References made to outstanding shares or per share amounts in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and applicable disclosures have been retroactively adjusted to reflect this seven-for-one stock split. The number of authorized shares as reflected on the Consolidated Balance Sheets was not affected by the stock split and accordingly has not been adjusted. See Note 8 for additional information.Accounting Guidance Adopted in 2015In April 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2015-05,Customer Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement,which provides guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, the customer should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If the arrangement does not include a software license, the customer should account for a cloud computing arrangement as a service contract. The Company elected to early adopt the ASU in the third quarter of 2015 and has applied the guidance prospectively to all arrangements. The impact of the adoption of the ASU was not material to the Company consolidated financial statements.In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03,Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costswhich changes the presentation of debt issuance costs in financial statements. ASU 2015-03 requires an entity to present such costs in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the related debt liability rather than as an asset. Amortization of the costs will continue to be reported as interest expense. The Company elected to early adopt ASU 2015-03 as of December 31, 2015, and retrospectively reclassifed$142 millionof debt issuance costs associated with the Company long-term debt as of December 31, 2014 from other non-current assets to long-term debt.In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17,Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxesto simplify the presentation of deferred income taxes. The amendments in this update require that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position. The Company has elected to early adopt ASU 2015-17 as of December 31, 2015 and retrospectively applied ASU 2015-17 to all periods presented. As of December 31, 2014 the Company reclassified$134 millionof deferred tax assets from Other current assets to Other non-current assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.Accounting Guidance Not Yet AdoptedIn May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,Revenue from Contracts with Customers Topic 606which amended the existing accounting standards for revenue recognition. ASU 2014-09 establishes principles for recognizing revenue upon the transfer of promised goods or services to customers, in an amount that reflects the expected consideration received in exchange for those goods or services. In July 2015, the FASB deferred the effective date for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017 including interim reporting periods within those periods. Early adoption is permitted to the original effective date of December 15, 2016 including interim reporting periods within those periods. The amendments may be applied retrospectively to each prior period presented or retrospectively with the cumulative effect recognized as of the date of initial application. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of adoption of the ASU on its consolidated financial statements, but does not expect the impact to be material.Cash Equivalents and Short-term InvestmentsThe Company considers investments in instruments purchased with an original maturity of90days or less to be cash equivalents. The Company also classifies amounts in transit from payment processors for customer credit card and debit card transactions as cash equivalents.The Company classifies short-term investments, which consist of marketable securities with original maturities in excess of90days as available-for-sale. Short-term investments are reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses included in Accumulated other comprehensive loss within Stockholders equity in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The amortization of premiums and discounts on the investments, realized gains and losses, and declines in value judged to be other-than-temporary on available-for-sale securities are included in Interest and other income expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company uses the specific identification method to determine cost in calculating realized gains and losses upon the sale of short-term investments.Short-term investments are reviewed periodically to identify possible other-than-temporary impairment. When evaluating the investments, the Company reviews factors such as the length of time and extent to which fair value has been below cost basis, the financial condition of the issuer, the Company s intent to sell, or whether it would be more likely than not that the Company would be required to sell the investments before the recovery of their amortized cost basis.Streaming ContentThe Company acquires, licenses and produces content, including original programming, in order to offer members unlimited viewing of TV shows and films. The content licenses are for a fixed fee and specific windows of availability. Payment terms for certain content licenses and the production of content require more upfront cash payments relative to the amortization expense. Payments for content, including additions to streaming assets and the changes in related liabilities, are classified within Net cash used in provided by operating activities on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.For licenses, the Company capitalizes the fee per title and records a corresponding liability at the gross amount of the liability when the license period begins, the cost of the title is known and the title is accepted and available for streaming. The portion available for streaming withinoneyear is recognized as Current content assets, net and the remaining portion as Non-current content assets, net on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.For productions, the Company capitalizes costs associated with the production, including development cost and direct costs. These amounts are included in Non-current content assets, net on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Participations and residuals are expensed in line with the amortization of production costs.Based on factors including historical and estimated viewing patterns, the Company amortizes the content assets licensed and produced in Cost of revenues on the Consolidated Statements of Operations over the shorter of each title contractual window of availability or estimated period of use, beginning with the month of first availability. The amortization period typically ranges fromsixmonths tofiveyears. For most of the content, the Company amortizes on a straight-line basis. For certain content where the Company expects more upfront viewing, due to the additional merchandising and marketing efforts, the amortization is on an accelerated basis. The Company reviews factors impacting the amortization of the content assets on a regular basis, including changes in merchandising and marketing efforts. The Company estimates related to these factors require considerable management judgment. Changes in estimates could have a significant impact on the Company future results of operations. In the third quarter of 2015, the Company changed the amortization method of certain content given changes in estimated viewing patterns of this content. The effect of this change in estimate was a$255 milliondecrease in operating income and a$158 milliondecrease in net income for the year ended December 31, 2015. The effect on both basic earnings per share and diluted earnings per share was a decrease of$004for the year ended December 31, 2015.Content assets are stated at the lower of unamortized cost or net realizable value which approximates fair value of the capitalized costs for produced content. Content assets are reviewed in aggregate at the operating segment level for write-down when an event or change in circumstances indicates a change in the expected usefulness of the content. Unamortized costs for assets that have been or are expected to be abandoned are written off. No material write-down from unamortized cost to a lower net realizable value was recorded in any of the periods presented.The Company has entered into certain licenses with collective management organizations CMOs, and are currently involved in negotiations with other CMOs, that hold certain rights to music and other entertainment works publicly performed in connection with streaming content into various territories. Accruals for estimated license fees are recorded and then adjusted based on any changes in estimates. These amounts are included in the streaming content obligations. The results of these negotiations are uncertain and may be materially different from management estimates.DVD ContentThe Company acquires DVD content for the purpose of renting such content to its domestic DVD members and earning membership rental revenues, and, as such, the Company considers its direct purchase DVD assets to be a productive asset. Accordingly, the Company classifies its DVD assets in Non-current content assets, net on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The acquisition of DVD content assets, net of changes in related liabilities, is classified within cash used in investing activities on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows because the DVD content assets are considered a productive asset. Other companies in the in-home entertainment video industry classify these cash flows as operating activities. The Company amortizes its direct purchase DVDs on an accelerated basis over their estimated useful lives, which range fromoneyear totwoyears. The Company also obtains DVD content through revenue sharing agreements with studios and other content providers. Revenue sharing obligations are expensed as incurred based on shipments.Property and EquipmentProperty and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the respective assets, generally up to30 years, or the lease term for leasehold improvements, if applicable. Leased buildings are capitalized and included in property and equipment when the Company was involved in the construction funding and did not meet the sale-leaseback criteria.Revenue RecognitionRevenues are recognized ratably over each monthly membership period. Revenues are presented net of the taxes that are collected from members and remitted to governmental authorities. Deferred revenue consists of membership fees billed that have not been recognized and gift and other prepaid memberships that have not been redeemed.MarketingMarketing expenses consist primarily of advertising expenses and also include payments made to the Company s affiliates and consumer electronics partners. Advertising expenses include promotional activities such as digital and television advertising. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising expenses were$7143 million,$5331 millionand$4040 millionfor the years ended December 31,2015,2014and2013, respectively.Income TaxesThe Company records a provision for income taxes for the anticipated tax consequences of the reported results of operations using the asset and liability method. Deferred income taxes are recognized by applying enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases as well as net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. The measurement of deferred tax assets is reduced, if necessary, by a valuation allowance for any tax benefits for which future realization is uncertain.The Company did not recognize certain tax benefits from uncertain tax positions within the provision for income taxes. The Company may recognize a tax benefit only if it is more likely than not the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than50%likelihood of being realized upon settlement. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. SeeNote 10to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding income taxes.Foreign CurrencyThe functional currency for the Company subsidiaries is determined based on the primary economic environment in which the subsidiary operates. The Company translates the assets and liabilities of its non-U.S. dollar functional currency subsidiaries into U.S. dollars using exchange rates in effect at the end of each period. Revenues and expenses for these subsidiaries are translated using rates that approximate those in effect during the period. Gains and losses from these translations are recognized in cumulative translation adjustment included in Accumulated other comprehensive loss in Stockholders equity on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.Prior to January 1, 2015, the functional currency of certain of the Company European entities was the British pound. The Company changed the functional currency of these entities to the euro effective January 1, 2015 following the redomiciliation of the European headquarters and the launch of the Netflix service in several significant European countries. The change in functional currency was applied prospectively from January 1, 2015. Monetary assets and liabilities have been remeasured to the euro at current exchange rates. Non-monetary assets and liabilities have been remeasured to the euro using the exchange rate effective for the period in which the balance arose. As a result of this change of functional currency, the Company recorded a$218 millioncumulative translation adjustment included in other comprehensive loss for year ended December 31, 2015.The Company remeasures monetary assets and liabilities that are not denominated in the functional currency at exchange rates in effect at the end of each period. Gains and losses from these remeasurements are recognized in interest and other income expense. Foreign currency transactions resulted in losses of$373 million,$82 million, and$84 millionfor the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013 respectively.Earnings Per ShareIn June 2015, the Company Board of Directors declared aseven-for-one stock split in the form of a stock dividend that was paid on July 14, 2015 to all shareholders of record as of July 2, 2015 Stock Split.Outstanding share and per-share amounts disclosed for all periods provided have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the effects of the Stock Split. Basic earnings per share is computed using the weighted-average number of outstanding shares of common stock during the period. Diluted earnings per share is computed using the weighted-average number of outstanding shares of common stock and, when dilutive, potential common shares outstanding during the period. Potential common shares consist of shares issuable upon the assumed conversion of the Company s Convertible Notes prior to the conversion of such notes in April 2013 and incremental shares issuable upon the assumed exercise of stock options. The computation of earnings per share, as adjusted for the Stock Split, is as follows: Employee stock options with exercise prices greater than the average market price of the common stock were excluded from the diluted calculation as their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. The following table summarizes the potential common shares excluded from the diluted calculation, as adjusted for the Stock Split: Stock-Based CompensationThe Company grants fully vested non-qualified stock options to its employees on a monthly basis. As a result of immediate vesting, stock-based compensation expense is fully recognized on the grant date, and no estimate is required for post-vesting option forfeitures. SeeNote 8to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding stock-based compensation.ENDOFTENK