Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting PoliciesDescription of BusinessNetflix, Inc. the Company was incorporated on August 29, 1997 and began operations on April 14, 1998. The Company is the world s leading Internet television network with more than44 millionstreaming members in over40countries enjoying more thanone billionhours of TV shows and movies per month, including original series. Members can watch as much as they want, anytime, anywhere, on nearly any Internet-connected screen. Members can play, pause and resume watching, all without commercials or commitments. Additionally, in the United States U.S., members can receive DVDs.The Company is organized intothreeoperating segments, Domestic streaming, International streaming and Domestic DVD. A substantial majority of the Company s revenues are generated in the United States, and substantially all of the Company s long-lived tangible assets are held in the United States. The Company s revenues are derived from monthly membership fees.Basis of PresentationThe consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. Intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.Use of EstimatesThe preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include the amortization policy for the streaming content library; the recognition and measurement of income tax assets and liabilities; and the valuation of stock-based compensation. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that the Company believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates.Cash Equivalents and Short-term InvestmentsThe Company considers investments in instruments purchased with an original maturity of90days or less to be cash equivalents. The Company also classifies amounts in transit from payment processors for customer credit card and debit card transactions as cash equivalents.The Company classifies short-term investments, which consist of marketable securities with original maturities in excess of90days as available-for-sale. Short-term investments are reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses included in Accumulated other comprehensive income within stockholders equity in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The amortization of premiums and discounts on the investments, realized gains and losses, and declines in value judged to be other-than-temporary on available-for-sale securities are included in Interest and other income expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company uses the specific identification method to determine cost in calculating realized gains and losses upon the sale of short-term investments.Short-term investments are reviewed periodically to identify possible other-than-temporary impairment. When evaluating the investments, the Company reviews factors such as the length of time and extent to which fair value has been below cost basis, the financial condition of the issuer, the Company s intent to sell, or whether it would be more likely than not that the Company would be required to sell the investments before the recovery of their amortized cost basis.Streaming ContentThe Company licenses rights to stream TV shows, movies and original content to members for unlimited viewing. These licenses are for a fixed fee and specify license windows that generally range fromsixmonths tofiveyears. Payment terms may extend over the license window, or may require more up-front payments as is typically the case for original content or content that is licensed in an earlier window through an output arrangement.The Company capitalizes the fee per title and records a corresponding liability at the gross amount of liabilities when the license period begins, the cost of the title is known and the title is accepted and available for streaming. The portion available for streaming withinoneyear is recognized as Current content library and the remaining portion as Non-current content library. The acquisition of streaming content license rights and the changes in related liabilities, are classified within cash used in operating activities on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.The Company amortizes the content library in Cost of revenues on a straight line or on an accelerated basis, as appropriate:The content library is stated at the lower of unamortized cost or net realizable value. Streaming content licenses whether capitalized or not are reviewed in aggregate at the geographic region level for impairment when an event or change in circumstances indicates a change in the expected usefulness of the content. The level of geographic aggregation is determined based on the streaming content rights which are generally specific to a geographic region inclusive of several countries such as Latin America. No material write down from unamortized cost to a lower net realizable value was recorded in any of the periods presented.DVD Content LibraryThe Company acquires DVD content for the purpose of renting such content to its members and earning membership rental revenues, and, as such, the Company considers its direct purchase DVD library to be a productive asset. Accordingly, the Company classifies its DVD library in Non-current content library, net on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The acquisition of DVD content library, net of changes in related liabilities, is classified within cash used in investing activities on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows because the DVD content library is considered a productive asset. Other companies in the in-home entertainment video industry classify these cash flows as operating activities. The Company amortizes its direct purchase DVDs on an accelerated basis over their estimated useful lives, which range fromoneyear totwoyears. The Company also obtains DVD content through revenue sharing agreements with studios and other content providers. Revenue sharing obligations are expensed as incurred based on shipments.Property and EquipmentProperty and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the respective assets, generally up to30 years, or the lease term for leasehold improvements, if applicable. Leased buildings are capitalized and included in property and equipment when the Company was involved in the construction funding and did not meet the sale-leaseback criteria.Impairment of Long-Lived AssetsLong-lived assets such as DVD content library, property and equipment and intangible assets subject to depreciation and amortization are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset group may not be recoverable. Recoverability of asset groups to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset group to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset group. If the carrying amount of an asset group exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of an asset group exceeds fair value of the asset group. There were no events or changes in circumstances that would indicate that the carrying amount of an asset group may not be recoverable in any of the years presented.Revenue RecognitionRevenues are recognized ratably over each monthly membership period. Revenues are presented net of the taxes that are collected from members and remitted to governmental authorities. Deferred revenue consists of membership fees billed to members that have not been recognized and gift memberships that have not been redeemed.MarketingMarketing expenses consist primarily of advertising expenses and also include payments made to the Company s affiliates and consumer electronics partners. Advertising expenses include promotional activities such as television and online advertising. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising expenses were$4379 million,$3772 millionand$2991 millionfor the years ended December 31,2013,2012and2011, respectively.Income TaxesThe Company records a tax provision for the anticipated tax consequences of the reported results of operations using the asset and liability method. Deferred income taxes are recognized by applying enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. The measurement of deferred tax assets is reduced, if necessary, by a valuation allowance for any tax benefits for which future realization is uncertain. There was no significant valuation allowance as ofDecember 31, 2013or2012.The Company did not recognize certain tax benefits from uncertain tax positions within the provision for income taxes. The Company recognizes a tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than50%likelihood of being realized upon settlement. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. SeeNote 10to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding income taxes.Foreign CurrencyThe Company translates the assets and liabilities of its non-U.S. dollar functional currency subsidiaries into U.S. dollars using exchange rates in effect at the end of each period. Revenues and expenses for these subsidiaries are translated using rates that approximate those in effect during the period. Gains and losses from these translations are recognized in cumulative translation adjustment included in Accumulated other comprehensive income in stockholders equity on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.The Company remeasures monetary assets and liabilities that are not denominated in the functional currency at exchange rates in effect at the end of each period. Gains and losses from these remeasurements are recognized in interest and other income expense. Foreign currency transactions resulted in losses of$84 millionand$40 millionfor the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. The gains losses from foreign currency transactions were immaterial for the year ended December 31, 2011.Earnings Per ShareBasic earnings per share is computed using the weighted-average number of outstanding shares of common stock during the period. Diluted earnings per share is computed using the weighted-average number of outstanding shares of common stock and, when dilutive, potential common shares outstanding during the period. Potential common shares consist of shares issuable upon the assumed conversion of the Company s Convertible Notes prior to the conversion of such notes and incremental shares issuable upon the assumed exercise of stock options. The computation of earnings per share is as follows: Employee stock options with exercise prices greater than the average market price of the common stock were excluded from the diluted calculation as their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. The following table summarizes the potential common shares excluded from the diluted calculation: Stock-Based CompensationThe Company grants stock options to its employees on a monthly basis. The Company has elected to grant all options as fully vested non-qualified stock options. As a result of immediate vesting, stock-based compensation expense is fully recognized on the grant date, and no estimate is required for post-vesting option forfeitures. SeeNote 8to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding stock-based compensation.Stock RepurchasesTo facilitate a stock repurchase program, shares are repurchased by the Company in the open market and are accounted for when the transaction is settled. Shares held for future issuance are classified as Treasury stock. Shares formally or constructively retired are deducted from common stock for par value and from additional paid-in capital for the excess over par value. If additional paid-in capital has been exhausted, the excess over par value is deducted from Retained earnings. Direct costs incurred to acquire the shares are included in the total cost of the shares.ENDOFTENK