Item8.
Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data   
Page   
Internet Security Systems, Inc.
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
Regarding Financial Statements
34
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December31, 2004 and 2003
35
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended
December31, 2004, 2003 and 2002
36
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the
Years Ended December31, 2004, 2003 and 2002
37
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended
December31, 2004, 2003 and 2002
38
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
39
2.Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules
ScheduleII Valuation and Qualifying
Accounts
60
Schedules other than the one listed above are omitted as the
required information is inapplicable or the information is
presented in the consolidated financial statements or related
notes.   
Item 1. Business
Item 2. Properties
Item 3. Legal Proceedings
Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
PART II
Item 5.
Controls and Procedures Disclosure Controls and Procedures ISS management, with the participation of the Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the
effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as
defined in Rules13a-15e and 15d-15e under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as of December31, 2004.
No system of controls, no matter how well designed and operated,
can provide absolute assurance that the objectives of the system
of controls are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide
absolute assurance that the system of controls has operated
effectively in all cases. Our disclosure controls and procedures
however are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the
objectives of disclosure controls and procedures are met. As described in our managements report on our internal
control over financial reporting below, ISS management and
independent registered public accounting firm identified a
material weakness in ISS internal control over financial
reporting, as defined in Rules13a-15f and 15d-15f
under the Securities Exchange Act, related to revenue
recognition for sales contracts with multiple revenue elements.
That material weakness in internal control over financial
reporting also affects the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures. Based on their evaluation, management concluded that ISS
disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of
December31, 2004 because of the material weakness
described in managements report on internal control over
financial reporting. Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting The management of ISS is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting,
as such term is defined in Rules13a-15f and 15d-15f
promulgated under Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
ISS internal control system was designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. Internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have
inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined
to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with
respect to financial statement preparation and presentation, and
may not prevent or detect misstatements. In addition,
projections of any 28 Table of Contents evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to
risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, individuals make errors in judgment, or individuals
do not comply with policies or procedures. ISS management assessed the effectiveness of the
companys internal control over financial reporting as of
December31, 2004. In making this assessment, it used the
criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal
Control Integrated Framework. A material weakness in ISS internal control over financial
reporting was identified in the course of the evaluations of
effectiveness of ISS internal control over financial
reporting as of December31, 2004. A material
weakness in internal control over financial reporting is
defined by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Boards
Auditing Standard No2 as a significant deficiency, or
combination of significant deficiencies, that results in more
than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the
annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or
detected. The material weakness relates to insufficient controls over the
selection and application of accounting policies on revenue
recognition for sales contracts with multiple revenue elements.
Specifically, there was an incorrect conclusion initially made
regarding revenue recognition involving one contract with
specified upgrade rights executed in the quarter ended
December31, 2004. Additionally, other control deficiencies
related to revenue recognition were identified and evaluated in
connection with the determination of this material weakness in
internal controls. Because of the material weakness described above, we believe
that, as of December31, 2004, the companys internal
control over financial reporting was not effective based on the
criteria set by COSO. ISS independent registered public accounting firm has
issued an audit report on our assessment of the companys
internal control over financial reporting. Remediation Steps to Address the Material Weakness The error in the contract referred to above was detected,
corrected and was properly accounted for i.e., the revenue from
the contract was deferred to later periods in ISS results
for the year ended December31, 2004. We are improving ISS internal control over financial
reporting as it relates to revenue recognition in an effort to
remediate this material weakness and other control deficiencies
that were identified during this process. We expect that this
remediation will include   
additional training on complex revenue recognition principles
for our contract administration and accounting staff during the
quarter ended March31, 2005 and on an ongoing basis; and     
establishing an additional level of management review for any
contracts that exceed specific materiality thresholds. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There have not been any changes in ISS internal control
over financial reporting during the quarter ended
December31, 2004 that have materially affected, or are
reasonably likely to materially affect, such controls. 29 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The Board of Directors and Stockholders Internet Security Systems, Inc. We have audited managements assessment, included in the
accompanying Management Report on Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting, that Internet Security Systems, Inc. did
not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting
as of December31, 2004, because of the effect of the
material weakness identified in managements assessment
related to the controls over revenue recognition for sales
contracts with multiple revenue elements, based on criteria
established in Internal Control Integrated Framework
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission the COSO criteria. Internet Security
Systems, Inc.s management is responsible for maintaining
effective internal control over financial reporting and for its
assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over
financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on managements assessment and an opinion on the
effectiveness of the companys internal control over
financial reporting based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control
over financial reporting was maintained in all material
respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of
internal control over financial reporting, evaluating
managements assessment, testing and evaluating the design
and operating effectiveness of internal control, and performing
such other procedures as we considered necessary in the
circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable
basis for our opinion. A companys internal control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. A companys
internal control over financial reporting includes those
policies and procedures that 1pertain to the maintenance
of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
company; 2provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of
management and directors of the company; and 3provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
companys assets that could have a material effect on the
financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over
financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. A material weakness is a control deficiency, or combination of
control deficiencies, that results in more than a remote
likelihood that a material misstatement of the annual or interim
financial statements will not be prevented or detected. The
following material weakness has been identified and included in
managements assessment. The material weakness identified
by management and Ernst Young relates to insufficient
controls over the selection and application of accounting
policies on revenue recognition for sales contracts with
multiple revenue elements. Specifically, there was an incorrect
conclusion initially made regarding revenue recognition
involving a material contract with specified upgrade rights
executed in the quarter ended December31, 2004.
Additionally, other control deficiencies related to revenue
recognition were identified and evaluated in connection with the
determination of this material weakness in internal controls.
Several adjustments were recorded by the Company as a result of
these deficiencies. This material weakness was considered in
determining the nature, timing, and extent of audit tests
applied in our audit of the 2004 financial statements, and this
report does not affect our report dated March15, 2005 on
those financial statements. 30 Table of Contents In our opinion, managements assessment that Internet
Security Systems, Inc. did not maintain effective internal
control over financial reporting as of December31, 2004,
is fairly stated, in all material respects, based on the COSO
control criteria. Also, in our opinion, because of the effect of
the material weakness described above on the achievement of the
objectives of the control criteria, Internet Security Systems,
Inc. has not maintained effective internal control over
financial reporting as of December31, 2004, based on the
COSO control criteria. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the
consolidated balance sheets of Internet Security Systems, Inc.
as of December31, 2004 and 2003, and the related
consolidated statements of operations, stockholders
equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended December31, 2004 and our report dated March15,
2005 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.   
/s/ Ernst Young LLP Atlanta, Georgia March15, 2005 Item 1. Business
Item 2. Properties
Item 3. Legal Proceedings
Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
PART II
Item 5.
Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant Directors and Executive Officers See the Proxy Statement for the Companys 2005 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders, under the headings
ProposalOne: Election of Directors,
Executive Officers, and Section16a
Beneficial Reporting Compliance, which information is
incorporated herein by reference. Code of Conduct and Code of Ethics for Financial
Professionals The Company has adopted a Code of Conduct and a Code of Ethics
for Financial Professionals which apply to its Chief Executive
Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Principal Accounting
Officer. These documents are available on the Investor
Relations Corporate Governance portion of our
website at www.iss.netCompany. Any waiver or amendment to
such Codes for the benefit of such officers will also be posted
to such website.   
