Item8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data aThe following documents are filed as part of this
report   
1.Annual Financial Statements     
The following consolidated financial statements of the Company
are filed as part of this Annual Report on
Form10-K as
follows INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
Page   
Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm
F-1
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of
December31, 2005 and 2004
F-2
Consolidated Statements of Operations for
the years ended December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003
F-3
Consolidated Statements of
Shareholders Equity for the years ended December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003
F-4
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for
the years ended December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003
F-5
Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements
F-6
2.Financial Statement Schedules     
Financial statement schedules have been omitted because the
information required to be set forth therein is not applicable
or is included in the notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.     
3.Selected Quarterly Results of Operations     
The Selected Quarterly Results of Operations required by this
Item1.
Business
2
Item1A.
Risk Factors
14
Item1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments
22
Item2.
Properties
22
Item3.
Legal Proceedings
23
Item4.
Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security
Holders
23
PARTII   
Item5.
Controls and Procedures aEvaluation of disclosure controls and procedures. The term disclosure controls and procedures defined
in SEC
Rule13a-15e
refers to the controls and other procedures of a company that
are designed to ensure that the information required to be
disclosed by a company in the reports that it files under the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within required time periods. Corillians management, with
the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design
and operation of the Companys disclosure controls and
procedures as of the end of the period covered by this annual
report the Evaluation Date. Based on that evaluation,
Corillians management, with the participation of the Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded
that, as of the Evaluation Date, such controls and procedures
were effective to ensure that information required to be
disclosed by Corillian in the reports that it files or submits
under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 is accumulated and
communicated to Corillians management, including its
principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons
performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. bManagements report on internal control over
financial reporting. Management of Corillian Corporation is responsible for
establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting as defined in
Rules13a-15f
and 15d-15f under the
Securities and 37 Table of Contents Exchange Act of 1934. Corillian Corporations internal
control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to
the companys management and board of directors regarding
the reliability and fair presentation of financial reporting and
the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with U.S.generally accepted accounting
principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes controls
themselves, monitoring and internal auditing practices and
actions taken to correct deficiencies as identified. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over
financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Corillian Corporations management assessed the
effectiveness of the companys internal control over
financial reporting as of December31, 2005. Management
based its assessment on criteria for effective internal control
over financial reporting described in Internal
Control Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
the Treadway Commission COSO. Managements assessment
included an evaluation of the design of Corillian
Corporations internal control over financial reporting and
testing of the operational effectiveness of its internal control
over financial reporting. Management reviewed the results of its
assessment with the board of directors. Based on this assessment, management has determined that, as of
December31, 2005, Corillian Corporation maintained
effective internal control over financial reporting. KPMG LLP, independent registered public accounting firm has
audited managements assessment of the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting as of
December31, 2005 as stated in their report included in
dbelow. cChanges in internal controls. There was no change to Corillians internal control over
financial reporting during the quarter ended December31,
2005 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, Corillians internal control over
financial reporting. dReport of independent registered public accounting firm. 38 Table of Contents The Board of Directors and Shareholders Corillian Corporation We have audited managements assessment, included in the
accompanying Management Report on Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting, that Corillian Corporation maintained
effective internal control over financial reporting as of
December31, 2005, based on criteria established in
Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission COSO. Corillian Corporations management
is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over
financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness
of internal control over financial reporting. Our responsibility
is to express an opinion on managements assessment and an
opinion on the effectiveness of the Companys internal
control over financial reporting based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control
over financial reporting was maintained in all material
respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of
internal control over financial reporting, evaluating
managements assessment, testing and evaluating the design
and operating effectiveness of internal control, and performing
such other procedures as we considered necessary in the
circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable
basis for our opinion. A companys internal control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. A companys
internal control over financial reporting includes those
policies and procedures that 1pertain to the maintenance
of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
company; 2provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of
management and directors of the company; and 3provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
companys assets that could have a material effect on the
financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over
financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. In our opinion, managements assessment that Corillian
Corporation maintained effective internal control over financial
reporting as of December31, 2005, is fairly stated, in all
material respects, based on criteria established in Internal
Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO.
Also, in our opinion, Corillian Corporation maintained, in all
material respects, effective internal control over financial
reporting as of December31, 2005, based on criteria
established in Internal Control Integrated
Framework issued by COSO. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the
consolidated balance sheets of Corillian Corporation and
subsidiaries as of December31, 2005 and 2004, and the
related consolidated statements of operations,
shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the years
in the three-year period ended December31, 2005, and our
report dated March15, 2006 expressed an unqualified
opinion on those consolidated financial statements.   
/s/ KPMG LLP 
Portland, Oregon March15, 2006 39 Table of Contents   
Item1.
Business
2
Item1A.
Risk Factors
14
Item1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments
22
Item2.
Properties
22
Item3.
Legal Proceedings
23
Item4.
Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security
Holders
23
PARTII   
Item5.
Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant Corillian has adopted a code of ethics for its Chief Executive
Officer and senior financial officers. Corillian has made the
code of ethics available in the Investor Relations section of
its website at www.corillian.com. If Corillian waives, or
implicitly waives, any material provision of the code, or
substantially amends the code, Corillian will disclose that fact
in the Investor Relations section of its website at
www.corillian.com. The other information called for by PartIII, Item10,
is incorporated by reference to the applicable information in
Corillians Proxy Statement relating to Corillians
2006 annual meeting of shareholders, which Corillian intends to
file within 120days of December31, 2005,
Corillians fiscal year end.   
