ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. The information required by this Item8 is contained in a separate section of this Annual
Report. See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements on page F-1. Item1. Business 
2
Item1A. Risk Factors 
16
Item1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
16
Item2. Properties 
16
Item3. Legal Proceedings 
17
Item4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures In accordance with Exchange Act Rules13a-15 and 15a-15, we carried out an evaluation, under
the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the
end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as
of December31, 2006. Design and Evaluation of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Pursuant to Section404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we included a report of
managements assessment of the design and effectiveness of our internal controls as part of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December31, 2006. Ernst Young, LLP, our
independent registered public accounting firm, also attested to, and reported on, managements
assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Managements report
and the independent registered public accounting firms attestation report are included in our 2006
Consolidated Financial Statements on pages F-3 and F-4 under the captions entitled Managements
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and are incorporated herein by
reference. There has been no change in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred
during the three months ended December31, 2006 that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. None. 42 Table of Contents PART III 