ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.
The Company consolidated financial statements are listed in a, included at the end of this Report on Form 10-K beginning on page F-1,
and incorporated herein by reference.
Item 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS.
None.                    24                   PART II
Item 5. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.
EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.
The Company maintains systems of disclosure controls and procedures as
defined in Rule 13a-15e of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 designed to
ensure that the Company is able to record, process, summarize and report, within
the applicable time periods, the information required in the Company annual
and quarterly reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Management of
the Company has evaluated the effectiveness of these disclosure controls and
procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that
evaluation, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer
concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures are effective to
accomplish their purpose. No changes were made during the period covered by this
report to the Company internal control over financial reporting as defined in
Rule 13a-15f of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 that have materially
affected the Company internal control over financial reporting or are
reasonably likely to materially affect the Company internal control over
financial reporting.
Attached as Exhibits 311 and 312 hereto are certifications by the
Company Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, which are
required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The information set
forth in this Item 9A should be read in conjunction with these Section 302
certifications. Additionally, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer have provided certain certifications to the Commission pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, which are filed as exhibits to
this Report on Form 10-K.                    47                   PART III
