ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTAL DATA
The Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company listed in Item
14a are included herein on the financial pages and are incorporated herein by
reference.
Item 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
None.                    35.
36
PART III
Item 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
The executive officers and directors of the Company, the positions held
by them and their ages as of March 31, 2000 are as follows        NAME           AGE            TITLE
-        
Martin Nash..   53   Director, Chief Executive Officer, President
and Chief Financial Officer
James Lierman..   53   Chief Operating Officer
James L. Heppell 13..   44   Director, Interim Chairman of the Board
Gunter A. Hofmann..   64   Director
Stan Yakatan..   57   Director
Suzanne L. Wood 23..   43   Director
Gordon Politeski 123..   56   Director
Felix Theeuwes 23..   62   Director
Gordon Blankstein13..   49   Director
Grant Denison, Jr34..   50   Director   1 Member of the Compensation Committee
2 Member of the Audit Committee
3 Member of Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee
4 Mr. Denison was appointed to the Board on May 22, 2000.
MARTIN NASH has been the President and Chief Executive Officer of
Genetronics since September 1999 and its Chief Financial Officer since June
1999. He has been a director since July 1997. From April 1996 to September 1999
he was Senior Vice President of Genetronics. He has also served as Senior Vice
President of Genetronics, Inc. since June 1994 and a director of Genetronics,
Inc. since April 1996. Prior to joining Genetronics, Inc. in 1994, Mr. Nash was
co-founder, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Cypros
Pharmaceutical Corporation NASDAQ, co-founder of Corvas International, Inc.
NASDAQ, and Vice President of Corporate Development at Synbiotics NASDAQ. He
was also President of Molecular Biosystems, Inc. NYSE and held a variety of
marketing and business development management positions at Ortho Diagnostics
Systems, Inc., a division of Johnson & Johnson, Inc., and at Becton Dickinson &
Company. In 1990 Mr. Nash was President of the Association of Biotechnology
Companies. Mr. Nash received a Bachelor of Arts and Sciences from Boston
College.
JAMES LIERMAN has been Chief Operating Officer of Genetronics since
September 7, 1999. Prior to that, he was Vice President for Corporate
Development and was responsible for the negotiation and execution of the
strategic license and development agreement between the Company and Ethicon,
Inc., a Johnson & Johnson company, for the use of Genetronics proprietary drug
delivery system for the electroporation therapy of solid tumors. Mr. Lierman is
past President and CEO of the San Diego-based River Medical Inc., a biomedical
company specializing in intravenous drug therapy systems. Prior to managing
River Medical, Mr. Lierman was Director, Commercial Development for Abbott
Laboratories, Hospital Products Division, where he was responsible for
licensing, acquisitions and contract manufacturing sales. He is a graduate of
Monmouth University and holds 15 patents.
GUNTER A. HOFMANN, Ph.D., was the Chairman of the Board and Chief
Scientific Officer of Genetronics Biomedical Ltd. from September 1994 until his
employment ended in September 1999, and was Chairman of the Board and Chief
Scientific Officer of Genetronics, Inc. from January 1992 until September 1999.
Dr. Hofmann                    36.
37
continues to be a director of Genetronics Biomedical Ltd. Prior to founding
Genetronics, Inc., in 1983, Dr. Hofmann managed the product development and
technology transfer activities of Maxwell Laboratories. Dr. Hofmann holds
approximately 50 patents and has several others pending. Dr. Hofmann received
his doctorate in Physics from the Max-Planck-Institute for Plasma Physics in
Germany.
JAMES L. HEPPELL has been a Director of Genetronics Biomedical Ltd. and
Genetronics, Inc. since September 1994 and interim chairman since September
1999. Mr. Heppell is a partner at Catalyst Corporate Finance Lawyers in British
Columbia. Mr. Heppell provides corporate finance legal services to technology
issuers. His expertise lies in representing biotechnology companies, instructing
and carrying out cross-border financings and in dealing with the requirements of
all major Canadian exchanges, as well as NASDAQ. Mr. Heppell is also a director
and the secretary of Pheromone Sciences Corp. and is the secretary of Forbes
Medi-Tech Inc. and Response Biomedical Corp. In addition to his L.L.B., Mr.
Heppell has a Bachelor of Science degree in Microbiology from the University of
British Columbia.
SUZANNE L. WOOD has been a Director of Genetronics Biomedical Ltd. and
Genetronics, Inc. since June 1989. Ms. Wood is a principal of Wood & Associates,
a financial and management consulting firm servicing public and private
companies since 1982. She is currently President and Director of MicroAccel,
Inc., Silva Bay International Inc. and California Cyber Design Inc. Her
experience in financial and corporate management include positions as past
President and Director of The Neptune Society, Inc., Director of Envoy
Communications Group Ltd., Controller and Director of the Mitek Group of
Companies and Vice President and Director of Barrington Petroleum Inc. Ms. Wood
received her Bachelor of Arts from the University of British Columbia, where she
also attained three years of post-graduate training. During her employment with
Revenue Canada Taxation in the Business Audit Division, she completed four
levels of the Certified General Accountants Program.
STAN YAKATAN has been a Director of Genetronics Biomedical Ltd. and
Genetronics, Inc. since July 1997. Mr. Yakatan is currently Chairman of Quantum
Biotechnologies, Inc., a development stage company. Mr. Yakatan is Chairman and
managing partner of Katan Associates, a financial consulting company and he is a
board member of Quantum Biotechnologies, Inc., Phycogen, Inc. and Conjuchem,
Inc. Mr. Yakatan is an advisory board member of BioCapital, ComMIT Systems,
Arete, S3M, SynData, and he serves in an advisory capacity to Avanir
Pharmaceuticals. From 1994 to 1995, Mr. Yakatan was Chief Executive Officer of
Cystar. From 1991 to 1993 Mr. Yakatan was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
of Unisyn Technologies Inc., a development stage biotechnology company.
Previously, he was Executive Vice President of New Brunswick Scientific, Inc.
and President and Chief Executive Officer of Biosearch, a biotech company
previously based out of San Rafael, California, and specializing in the
manufacture of DNA and peptide synthesizers, prior to its sale to Millipore. Mr.
Yakatan has a Masters degree in Business Administration from the University of
Pennsylvania.
GORDON POLITESKI has been a Director of Genetronics Biomedical Ltd. and
Genetronics, Inc. since May 1997. Mr. Politeski is currently Director of SBL
Technologies Medical Laser Group. He is former President and Chief Executive
Officer of Harley Street Software, involved in ambulatory ECG monitoring, and is
former President and Chief Executive Officer of Nortran Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
where he took the company first drug candidate successfully through a Phase I
clinical trial. As founding President and Chief Executive Officer of Biomira,
Inc., a cancer diagnostics and therapy company, Mr. Politeski took Biomira from
the former Alberta Stock Exchange to the Toronto Stock Exchange and subsequently
to the NASDAQ. He has also served a President and General Manager for Allergan
Pharmaceuticals in opthamology, and currently is a Director of Sabretooth
Holding, Inc. and a Director, the Chief Financial Officer and Vice President
Business Development of BCY Ventures, Inc., a publicly traded venture capital
pool company. Mr. Politeski is a graduate of the University of Saskatchewan and
the Amos Tuck Executive Program at Dartmouth University.
FELIX THEEUWES has been a Director of Genetronics Biomedical Ltd. and
Genetronics, Inc. since August, 1999. From 1970 to June 1999 Dr. Theeuwes held
various positions within Alza Corporation, directing research, technology
development and product development for a variety of controlled drug delivery
systems. Presently, Dr. Theeuwes is the chairman and Chief Scientific Officer of
Durect Corporation which is a spin out from Alza Corporation to focus on the
development of products based on the DUROSTM system technology. Dr. Theeuwes
work led to the product introduction of the AlzetR mini osmotic pump series
for animal research, and the OSROR systems series of products. He directed
research in transdermal research and development, initiated the
electrotransport/ ionphoresis program, and initiated the DUROSTM osmotic
implant program. Dr. Theeuwes holds                    37.
38
more than 210 United States patents covering these systems and has published
more than 80 articles and chapters of books. Dr. Theeuwes is a member of the
board of directors of Vinifera Inc., and Durect Corporation and a member of the
scientific advisory board at Antigenics. In 1993, Dr. Theeuwes completed the
Stanford Executive Program at Palo Alto, California.
GORDON BLANKSTEIN joined the Boards of Genetronics Biomedical Ltd. and
Genetronics, Inc. on September 7, 1999. Mr. Blankstein founded GST Global Light
Telecommunications Inc. GSTTT in 1992. He has been the Chairman of the board
of directors of that corporation since October 1996. Mr. Blankstein was a
director of NACT Telecommunications, Inc. a publicly traded subsidiary of GSTTI.
He is a founder, past President, Chairman of the board and former director of
ICG Communications, Inc. a publicly traded telecommunications services provider.
Mr. Blankstein is also currently the Chairman of the board of directors of
Bluestar Battery Systems International Corp. and Comptec Industries Ltd. and is
Vice-Chairman and a director of Highpoint Telecommunications Inc. He is a former
member of the Policy Advisory Committee of the former Vancouver Stock Exchange.
Mr. Blankstein holds a bachelor degree and an M.B.A. from the University of
British Columbia.
GRANT DENISON, JR. is co-founder, Chairman and CEO of BioMarin
Pharmaceutical Inc., Novato, Calif., with 25 years experience in pharmaceutical
management. Prior to his present position, he served as President, Consumer
Products, and as Corporate Senior Vice President, Business Development, for
Searle, responsible for the general management of Searle consumer products
business and all pharmaceutical, diagnostics and consumer licensing and
development. He also served as Vice President, Corporate Planning for Searle
parent company, Monsanto Company, during a period of major restructuring and
portfolio realignment, and as President of Searle United States operations
during a period of significant sales and earnings growth in the late 1980s.
Prior to joining Searle, Mr. Denison was Vice President, International
Operations for Squibb Medical Systems. He also held various management positions
at Pfizer, Inc. including Vice President, Pharmaceutical Planning and Business
Development, and was responsible for the formation of numerous licensing,
acquisition and strategic alliances. Mr. Denison previously served on the Board
of Genetronics, Inc. from May 1996 to August 1998. He also serves as director of
several companies including York Medical, Inc., Nastech Pharmaceutical,
Dentalview and Clubb BioCapital. Mr. Denison holds an M.B.A. from Harvard
Graduate School of Business Administration and an A.B. in Mathematical Economics
from Colgate University.
BOARD COMMITTEES
The Audit Committee meets with the Company independent auditors at
least annually to review the results of the annual audit and discuss the
financial statements; recommends to the Board the independent auditors to be
retained; and receives and considers the auditors' comments out of the presence
of management as to controls, adequacy of staff and management performance and
procedures in connection with audit and financial controls. The Audit Committee
is composed of three directors: Suzanne L. Wood Chair, Gordon Politeski and
Felix Theeuwes.
The Compensation Committee makes recommendations based upon management
suggestions regarding the salaries and incentive compensation for officers and
key employees and performs such other functions regarding compensation as the
Board may delegate. The Compensation Committee is composed of James L. Heppell
Chair, Gordon Politeski and Gordon Blankstein.
The Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee identifies and
recommends candidates for election to the Board of Directors. It advises the
Board of Directors on all matters relating to directorship practices, including
the criteria for selecting directors, policies relating to tenure and retirement
of directors and compensation and benefit programs for non-employee directors.
The Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee also makes recommendations
relating to the duties and membership of committees of the Board of Directors,
recommends processes to evaluate the performance and contributions of individual
directors and the Board of Directors as a whole and approves procedures designed
to provide that adequate orientation and training are provided to new member of
the Board of Directors and consults with the Chief Executive Officer in the
process of recruiting new directors and assists in locating senior management
personnel and selecting members for the scientific advisory board. The
Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee has developed a policy to govern
the Company approach to corporate governance issues and provides a forum for
concerns of individual directors about matters not easily or readily discussed
in a full board meeting, e.g., the performance of management. The                    38.
39
Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee is composed of Gordon Politeski
Chair, James L. Heppell, Suzanne L. Wood, Felix Theeuwes, Gordon Blankstein,
and Grant Denison.
