ITEM8CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATAReport of Independent Registered Public Accounting FirmThe Board of Directors and StockholdersStillwater Mining Company and Subsidiaries:We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Stillwater Mining Company and subsidiaries as of December31, 2013 and 2012, and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive loss income, changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the threeyear period ended December31, 2013. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Companys management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Stillwater Mining Company and subsidiaries as of December31, 2013 and 2012, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the threeyear period ended December31, 2013, in conformity with U.S.generally accepted accounting principles.We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, Stillwater Mining Companys internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2013, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework1992 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO, and our report dated March 3, 2014 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Companys internal control over financial reporting./s/ KPMG LLPBillings, MontanaMarch 3, 201487Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting FirmThe Board of Directors and StockholdersStillwater Mining Company and Subsidiaries:We have audited Stillwater Mining Companys internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2013, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework1992 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO. Stillwater Mining Companys management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Companys internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.A companys internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A companys internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that 1pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 2provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 3provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the companys assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.In our opinion, Stillwater Mining Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2013, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework 1992issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO.We also have audited, in accordance with standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the consolidated balance sheets of Stillwater Mining Company and subsidiaries as of December31, 2013 and 2012, and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive loss income, changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the threeyear period ended December31, 2013, and our report dated March 3, 2014, expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements./s/ KPMG LLPBillings, MontanaMarch 3, 201488STILLWATER MINING COMPANYCONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS INCOMEIn thousands, except per share dataYear ended     AND EXPENSESCosts of metals soldMine   costs of metals sold excludes depletion, depreciation and  depreciation and amortizationMine  Recycling1,1161,0551,066Total depletion, depreciation and  costs of  on inventory purchases590600Loss on trade receivables632Loss/Gain on disposal of property, plantand equipment68448128Research and development2371,1592,238Loss on long-term  of non-producing mineral properties and property, plant and equipment461,755Abandonment of non-producing  contest expense4,307Accelerated equity based compensation expense9,063General and  costs and  LOSS  INCOME  income4,4812,3253,574Interest  currency transaction gain, net18,20015,1553,230LOSS INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAX BENEFIT  tax benefit  LOSS  loss income attributable to noncontrolling interest31,867629NET LOSS INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO COMMON  comprehensive loss income, net of taxNet unrealized gains/losses on investments  LOSS INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO COMMON  loss income attributable to noncontrolling interest31,867629TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE LOSS  average common shares  loss earnings per share attributable to common  loss earnings per share attributable to common  accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements89STILLWATER MINING COMPANYCONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETSIn thousands, except share and per share  assetsCash and cash  at fair market  receivables8,9889,953Deferred income  current assets14,75721,714Total current assets703,879852,862Mineral properties159,252576,359Mine development, net346,346322,866Property, plant and equipment, net124,731122,677Deferred debt issuance costs7,9459,609Other noncurrent assets4,5276,390Total  AND EQUITYCurrent liabilitiesAccounts payable$32,088$28,623Accrued compensation and benefits30,64631,369Property, production and franchise taxes payable14,49513,722Current portion of long-term debt and capital lease obligations2,035168,432Income taxes payable4,416Other current liabilities5,3684,702Total current  debt and capital lease  income taxes79,159199,802Accrued workers compensation6,0315,815Asset retirement obligation8,6547,965Other noncurrent liabilities7,2625,068Total  equityPreferred stock, $001 par value, 1,000,000 shares authorized; none issuedCommon stock, $001 par value, 200,000,000 shares authorized; 119,466,449 and 116,951,081 shares issued and outstanding1,1951,170Paid-in  deficit  other comprehensive income loss699Total stockholders  interest19,89451,761Total equity847,8591,132,580Total liabilities and equity$1,346,680$1,890,763See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements90STILLWATER MINING COMPANYCONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWSYear ended December31,   In thousands201320122011CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIESNet loss  to reconcile net loss income to net cash provided by operating activities:Depletion, depreciation and  on inventory purchases590600Loss on trade receivables 632Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment68448128Impairment of non-producing mineral properties and property, plant and equipment461,755Loss on long-term  on investment  taxes108,5433,937Foreign currency transaction gain,  of non-producing property2,835Accretion of asset retirement  of debt issuance costs1,6641,495988Accretion of convertible debenture debt  equity based compensation expense9,063Share based compensation and other  capitalized interest2,878Changes in operating assets and   compensation and   production and franchise taxes payable2,0069704,338Income taxes   cash25,03513,000Excess tax benefit from share-based  operating assets6,7902,25010,704Other operating  CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING  FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIESCapital  of Peregrine Metals Ltd. assets166,361Purchase of long-term investment616Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment218222277Purchases of  from maturities of  CASH USED IN INVESTING  FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIESProceeds from sale of noncontrolling interest, net of transaction costs93,821Excess tax benefit from stock-based  of long-term debt403,926Payments on debt and capital lease  for debt issuance costs12,6371,143Issuance of common stock12844787NET CASH USED IN PROVIDED BY FINANCING  AND CASH EQUIVALENTSNet decrease  at beginning of  AT END OF  accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements91STILLWATER MINING COMPANYCONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITYIn   InterestTotalEquityBALANCE AT DECEMBER 31,  income144,295144,295Change in fair market value of securities109109Common stock issued under employee benefit plans37145,6185,622Stock option expense231231Common stock issued under stock plans52787787Common stock issued under Directors deferral plan78181Nonvested shares of common stock granted to officers and employees68677Common stock issued for acquisition of Benton Resources Corp. Property34846,9156,919Common stock issued for acquisition of Peregrine Metals Ltd.  of unearned nonvested stock6,4536,453Forfeiture of nonvested stock4242BALANCE AT DECEMBER31,  income55,04562954,416Change in fair market value of securities862862Common stock issued under employee benefit plans74987,8907,898Income tax benefit on share-based compensation7,7377,737Stock option expense9797Common stock issued under stock plans7414344Common stock issued under Directors deferral plan127676Nonvested shares of common stock granted to officers and employees74074754Equity component of 175% Convertible   allowance35,79935,799Deferred taxes on 175% Convertible  of unearned nonvested stock8,3418,341Forfeiture of nonvested stock180180BALANCE AT DECEMBER31,   in fair market value of investments105105Common stock issued under employee benefit plans873810,25610,264Income tax benefit on share-based compensation2,7562,756Stock option expense4141Common stock issued under stock plans25128128Common stock issued under deferral plans53315315Nonvested shares of common stock granted to officers and employees1,7511818Canceled shares in excess of plan limit18711Valuation  of unearned nonvested stock13,68713,687Forfeiture of nonvested stock22BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31,  accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements92STILLWATER MINING COMPANYNOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSNOTE 1NATURE OF OPERATIONSStillwater Mining Company the Company is engaged in the development, extraction, processing, smelting, and refining of palladium, platinum and associated metals platinum group metals or PGMs from a geological formation in south-central Montana known as the J-M Reef and from the recycling of spent catalytic converters. The Company is also engaged in expanding its mining operations on the J-M Reef, and holds the Marathon PGM-copper property adjacent to Lake Superior in northern Ontario, Canada and the Altar copper-gold property in the province of San Juan, Argentina.The Company conducts mining operations at the Stillwater Mine near Nye, Montana and at the East Boulder Mine south of Big Timber, Montana. Ore extraction at both mines takes place within the J-M Reef. The Company operates concentrating plants at each mining operation to upgrade the mined production into a concentrated form. The Company operates a smelter and base metal refinery at Columbus, Montana which further upgrades the mined concentrates into a PGM-rich filter cake. The filter cake is shipped to third-party refiners for final refining before the contained PGMs are sold to third-parties.The Company has threeexpansion developments along the J-M Reef. The first of these, known as Blitz, will develop underground drifts on two levels from the current Stillwater Mine toward the eastern extremity of the reef. The second development, known as Graham Creek, is now well advanced, expanding to the west in areas adjacent to the existing operations at the East Boulder Mine. The third internal expansion effort, the Lower Far West development, is located within the Stillwater Mine and is utilizing available manpower and resources to accelerate development of an underground mining area located about threemiles west of the mineshaft and below the existing Upper West operations.Besides processing mine concentrates, the Company also recycles spent catalyst material acquired from third-parties at the smelter and base metal refinery to recover the contained PGMs palladium, platinum and rhodium. The Company currently has catalyst sourcing arrangements with various suppliers who ship spent catalysts to the Company for processing to recover the PGMs. The Company smelts and refines the spent catalysts within the same process stream as the mined production. The Company both purchases recycling materials for its own account and processes them on behalf of others for a fee.The Companys operations can be significantly affected by risks and uncertainties associated with the mining and recycling industry as well as those specifically related to its operations. One of the most significant risks and uncertainties the Company faces is price volatility of palladium and platinum.Additional risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to the following: economic and political events affecting supply and demand for these metals, mineral reserve estimations, environmental restrictions and obligations, governmental regulations, ownership of and access to mineral reserves, stable workforce and increased surety requirements.The Company evaluates subsequent events through the date the financial statements are issued. No subsequent events were identified that required additional disclosure through the date of this filing.NOTE 2SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIESPRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATIONThe accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Stillwater Mining Company, its wholly-owned subsidiaries and entities in which it holds a controlling interest collectively referred to as the Company. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated upon consolidation.CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTSCash and cash equivalents consist of all cash balances and all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less93RESTRICTED CASHRestricted cash consists of cash equivalents that have been posted as collateral in support of the Company reclamation liabilities on outstanding letters of credit or other obligations. In the case of collateral for outstanding letters of credit, the restrictions on the balances lapse upon expiration of the letters of credit, which have terms of one yearor less. Restricted cash is recorded in Other noncurrent assetson the Company Consolidated Balance Sheetsas the Company anticipates renewing the letters of credit associated with reclamation obligations upon expiration. Restricted cash covering other obligations is in the form of Certificates of Deposit which the Company also plans to renew upon  securities at December 31, 2013, and 2012, consist of mutual funds, federal agency notes and commercial paper with stated maturities less than three years. All securities are deemed by management to be available-for-sale and are reported at fair value. Unrealized holding gains and losses on available-for-sale securities are excluded from earnings and are reported as a separate component of other comprehensive income loss until realized. Realized gains and losses are based on the carrying value cost, net of discounts or premiums of the sold investment and recorded as a component of other income. A decline in the market value of any available-for-sale security below cost that is deemed to be other-than-temporary results in a reduction of the carrying amount of the security to fair value. The impairment is charged to earnings and a new cost basis for the security is established.The Companys long-term investments in several junior exploration companies were originally recorded at cost due to less than 20%equity ownership interest and no significant Company control over the investees. A decline in the market value of these long-term investments that is deemed to be other-than-temporary will result in a reduction of the carrying amount of the investment to fair value. The impairment is charged to earnings and a new cost basis for the investment is established.INVENTORIESMined inventories are carried at the lower of current realizable value or average cost taking into consideration the Companys long-term sales agreements and average unit costs. Production costs include the cost of direct labor and materials, depletion, depreciation and amortization, and overhead costs relating to mining and processing activities. The value of recycled inventories is determined based on the acquisition cost of the recycled material and includes all inventoriable processing costs, including direct labor, direct materials, depreciation and third-party refining costs which relate to the processing activities. Materials and supplies inventories are valued at the lower of average cost or fair market value.RECEIVABLESTrade receivables and other receivable balances recorded in other current assets are reported at outstanding principal amounts, net of any required allowance for doubtful accounts. Management evaluates the collectability of receivable account balances to determine the allowance, if any. Management considers the other partys credit risk and financial condition, as well as current and projected economic and market conditions, in determining the amount of the allowance. Receivable balances are written off when management determines that the balance is uncollectable. The Company has written down $06 millionof the receivable balance at December 31, 2013, due to the uncertainty of ultimate payment. The Company determined that no allowance against its receivable balance at December 31, 2013and 2012was necessary.MINERAL PROPERTIES AND MINE DEVELOPMENTCosts of acquiring mineral properties and mineral rights are capitalized as incurred. Prior to acquiring such mineral properties or mineral rights, the Company makes a preliminary evaluation to determine that the mineral property has significant potential to develop an economic ore body. The time between initial acquisition and full evaluation of a mineral propertys potential is variable and is determined by many factors including its location relative to existing infrastructure, the mineral propertys stage of development, geological controls and relevant metal prices. When it has been determined that proven and probable ore reserves have been established in compliance with the Securities and Exchange Commission Industry Guide 7, and a determination has been made to proceed toward commercial development, mining development costs incurred to develop the mineral property are capitalized. Mining exploration costs are expensed as incurred. If a mineable ore body is discovered, such costs are amortized when production begins using the units-of-production method based on the quantities of recoverable metal. If no mineable ore body is discovered, such costs are expensed in the period in which it is determined the mineral property has no future economic value. Costs incurred to maintain assets on a standby basis are charged to operations. Costs of abandoned projects are charged to operations upon abandonment94Capitalized mine development costs are expenditures incurred to increase existing production, develop new ore bodies or develop mineral property substantially in advance of production. Capitalized mine development costs include a vertical shaft, multiple surface adits and underground infrastructure development including footwall laterals, ramps, rail and transportation, electrical and ventilation systems, shop facilities, material handling areas, ore handling facilities, dewatering and pumping facilities. These expenditures are capitalized and amortized over the life of the mine or over a shorter mining period, depending on the period benefited by those expenditures, using the units-of-production method. The Company utilizes Industry Guide 7 compliant total proven and probable ore reserves, measured in tons, as the basis for determining the life of mine and uses the ore reserves in the immediate and relevant vicinity as the basis for determining the shorter mining period.The Company calculates amortization of capitalized mine development costs in any vicinity by applying an amortization rate to the relevant current production. The amortization rates are each based upon a ratio of unamortized capitalized mine development costs to the related ore reserves. Capital development expenditures are added to the unamortized capitalized mine development costs and amortization rates updated as the related assets are placed into service. In the calculation of the amortization rate, changes in ore reserves are accounted for as a prospective change in estimate. Ore reserves and the further benefit of capitalized mine development costs are determined based on management assumptions. Any significant changes in these assumptions, such as a change in the mine plan or a change in estimated proven and probable ore reserves could have a material effect on the expected period of benefit resulting in a potentially significant change in the amortization rate and / or the valuations of related assets. The Companys proven ore reserves are generally expected to be extracted utilizing its existing mine development infrastructure. Additional capital expenditures will be required to access the Companys estimated probable ore reserves. These anticipated capital expenditures are not included in the current calculation of depletion, depreciation and amortization.Expenditures incurred to sustain existing production and directly access specific ore reserve blocks or stopes provide benefit to ore reserve production over limited periods of time secondary development and are charged to operations as incurred. These costs include ramp and stope access excavations from the primary haulage levels footwall laterals, stope material re-handling / laydown excavations, stope ore and waste pass excavations and chute installations, stope ventilation raise excavations and stope utility and pipe raise excavations.PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENTPlant facilities and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over estimated useful lives ranging from oneto fifteenyears or, for capital leases, the term of the related leases, if shorter. Maintenance and repairs are charged to cost of revenues as incurred.Interest is capitalized on expenditures related to major construction or development projects and is amortized using the same method as the related asset. Interest capitalization is discontinued when the asset is placed into operation or when development and construction cease.LEASESThe Company classifies a lease as either capital or operating. All capital leases are depreciated over the shorter of the useful life of the asset or the lease term.ASSET IMPAIRMENTThe Company reviews and evaluates its long-lived assets, including mineral properties and mine development, for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amounts of its assets may not be recoverable. Impairment is considered to exist if the total estimated future cash flows on an undiscounted basis are less than the carrying amount of the asset. Future cash flows include estimates of recoverable ounces, PGM prices historical prices or third-party projections of future prices, long-term sales contracts prices, price trends and related factors, production levels and capital and reclamation expenditures, all based on life-of-mine plans and projections. If the assets are impaired, a calculation of fair market value is performed, and if the fair market value is lower than the carrying value of the assets, the assets are reduced to their fair market value.Assumptions underlying future cash flows are subject to risks and uncertainties. Any differences between significant assumptions and market conditions such as PGM prices, lower than expected recoverable ounces, and / or the Companys operating performance could have a material effect on the Companys determination of ore reserves, or its ability to recover the carrying amounts of its long-lived assets resulting in potential additional impairment charges95FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTSThe Companys non-derivative financial instruments consist primarily of cash equivalents, trade receivables, payables, investments, revenue bond debt, convertible debentures and capital lease obligations. The carrying amounts of cash equivalents, trade receivables and payables approximate fair value due to their short maturities. The carrying amounts of investments approximate fair value based on market quotes.Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability an exit price in an orderly transaction between market participants. A fair value hierarchy was established which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. The fair value hierarchy distinguishes among three levels of inputs that may be utilized when measuring fair value: Level 1 inputs using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities, Level 2 inputs using external inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets or inputs that are observable for the asset or liability and Level 3 inputs unobservable inputs supported by little or no market activity and based on internal assumptions used to measure assets and liabilities. The classification of each financial asset or liability within the above hierarchy is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement.REVENUE RECOGNITIONRevenue is comprised of Mine Production revenue, PGM Recycling revenue and other sales revenue. Mine Production revenue consists of the sales of palladium and platinum extracted by the Companys mining operations, including any realized hedging gains or losses, and is reduced by sales discounts associated with long-term sales agreements. Mine Production revenue also consists of the sales of by-products rhodium, gold, silver, copper and nickel extracted by mining operations. PGM Recycling revenue consists of the sales of recycled palladium, platinum and rhodium derived from spent catalytic materials, including any unrealized and realized hedging gains or losses. PGM recycling revenue also includes revenue from toll processing. Other sales revenue consists of sales of PGMs that were acquired on the open market for resale.Revenue is recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred either physically or through an irrevocable transfer of metals to customers accounts, the price is fixed or determinable, no related obligations remain and collectability is probable. Under the terms of sales contracts and purchase orders received from customers, the Company recognizes revenue when the product is in a refined and saleable form and title passes, which is typically when the product is transferred from the account of the Company to the account of the customer. Under certain of its sales agreements, the Company instructs a third-party refiner to transfer metal from the Companys account to the customers account; at this point, the Companys account at the third-party refinery is reduced and the purchasers account is increased by the number of ounces of metal sold. These transfers are irrevocable and the Company has no further responsibility for the delivery of the metals. Under other sales agreements, physical conveyance occurs by the Company arranging for shipment of metal from the third-party refinery to the purchaser. In these cases, revenue is recognized at the point when title passes contractually to the purchaser. Sales discounts are recognized when the related revenue is recorded. The Company classifies any sales discounts as a reduction in revenue.NONCONTROLLING INTERESTNoncontrolling interest relates to the sale of a 25%ownership interest in Stillwater Canada Inc during 2012. Noncontrolling interest is classified in the Company Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss Incomeas part of consolidated net income loss and the accumulated amount of noncontrolling interest in the Company Consolidated Balance Sheetsas a component of equity.HEDGING PROGRAMFrom time to time, the Company enters into derivative financial instruments, including fixed forwards, cashless put and call option collars and financially settled forwards to manage the effect of changes in the prices of palladium and platinum on the Companys revenue and to manage interest rate risk. Derivatives are reported on the balance sheet at fair value and, if the derivative is not designated as a hedging instrument, changes in fair value must be recognized in earnings in the period of change. If the derivative is designated as a hedge, and to the extent such hedge is determined to be highly effective, changes in fair value are either aoffset by the change in fair value of the hedged asset or liability if applicable or breported as a component of other comprehensive income loss in the period of change, and subsequently recognized in the determination of net income loss in the period the offsetting hedged transaction occurs. If an instrument is settled early, any gains or losses are deferred and recognized as adjustments to the revenue recorded for the related hedged production when the transaction related to the original hedge instrument settles96Unrealized derivative gains and losses recorded in current and non-current assets and liabilities and amounts recorded in other comprehensive income loss and in current period earnings are non-cash items and therefore are taken into account in the preparation of the Company Consolidated Statements of Cash Flowsbased on their respective balance sheet classifications.RECLAMATION AND ENVIRONMENTAL COSTSThe fair value of a liability for an asset retirement obligation is recognized in the period in which it is incurred if a reasonable estimate of fair value can be made. The fair value of the liability is added to the carrying amount of the associated asset and this additional carrying amount is depreciated over the life of the asset. The liability is accreted at the end of each period through charges to operating expense. If the obligation is settled for other than the carrying amount of the liability, the Company will recognize a gain or loss on settlement.Accounting for reclamation obligations requires management to make estimates for each mining operation of the future costs the Company will incur to complete final reclamation work required to comply with existing laws and regulations. Actual costs incurred in future periods could differ from amounts estimated. Additionally, future changes to environmental laws and regulations could increase the extent of reclamation and remediation work that the Company is required to perform. Any such increases in future costs could materially impact the amounts charged in future periods to operations for reclamation and remediation.INCOME TAXESThe Company determines income taxes using the asset and liability method which results in the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts and the tax bases of those assets and liabilities, as well as operating loss and tax credit carryforwards, using enacted tax rates in effect in the years in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded on a jurisdictional basis.In assessing the realizability of U.S. and foreign deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Each quarter, management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. A valuation allowance has been provided at December 31, 2013, and 2012, for the portion of the Companys net deferred tax assets for which it is more likely than not that they will not be realized.STOCK-BASED COMPENSATIONCosts resulting from all share-based payment transactions are recognized in the financial statements over the respective vesting periods and determined using a fair-value-based measurement method. The fair values for stock options and other stock-based compensation awards issued to employees are estimated at the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option pricing model.EARNINGS LOSS PER COMMON SHAREBasic earnings loss per share attributable to common stockholders is computed by dividing net income loss attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings loss per share attributable to common stockholders reflects the potential dilution that could occur if the Companys dilutive outstanding stock options or nonvested shares were exercised and the Companys convertible debentures were converted. Reported net income loss attributable to common stockholders is adjusted for the interest expense net of capitalized interest including amortization expense of deferred debt and equity fees, the related income tax effect and the income loss attributable to the noncontrolling interest in the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to common stockholders. The Company currently has only one class of equity shares outstanding.COMPREHENSIVE INCOME LOSSComprehensive income loss includes net income loss, as well as other changes in stockholders equity that result from transactions and events other than those with stockholders. The Companys only significant elements of other comprehensive income in 2013, 2012 and 2011consisted of unrealized gains and losses related to available-for-sale marketable securities97DEBT ISSUANCE COSTSDebt issuance costs are capitalized and amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method over the lives of the related debt agreements.ADVERTISING COSTSAdvertising marketing costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising expenses were approximately $44 million, $108 million, and $113 millionin 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.USE OF ESTIMATESThe preparation of the Companys consolidated financial statements in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in these consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. The more significant areas requiring the use of managements estimates relate to mineral reserves, reclamation and environmental obligations, valuation allowance for deferred tax assets, useful lives utilized for depletion, depreciation, amortization and accretion calculations, future cash flows from long-lived assets, fair value of long-lived assets, and fair value of derivatives. Actual results could differ from these estimates.During the fourth quarter of 2013, the Company updated its estimates for useful lives of its machinery and equipment; buildings and structural components assets in order to better match the Company depreciation expense with the periods these assets are expected to generate revenue based on planned and historical operations. The new estimated useful lives were established based on historical replacement data and internal usage data. The Company accounted for this useful life update as a changes in accounting estimate as of December 1, 2013, in accordance with the guidance of ASC Topic 250, Accounting Changes and Error Correction,thereby impacting the quarter in which the change occurred and future quarters. The effect of this change on depreciation was a decrease of $05 millionfor the fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2013.FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSACTIONSThe functional currency of the Companys Canadian and South American subsidiaries is the U.S. dollar. Gains or losses resulting from transactions denominated in Canadian and South American currencies are included in Foreign currency transaction gain, netin the Company Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss Income.RECLASSIFICATIONPrior year amount previously disclosed as restricted cash has been consolidated into other noncurrent assets to conform to the current year presentation on the Company consolidated balance sheets. Prior year total amount previously disclosed as mineral properties and mine development, net has been separated into two separate components: mineral properties, and mine development, net to conform to the current year presentation on the Company consolidated balance sheets. Prior year amount previously disclosed as other has been separated into changes in other assets and changes in other liabilities to conform to current year presentation on the Company consolidated statements of cash flows.NOTE 3SALESMINE PRODUCTIONThe Company mines and processes ores containing palladium, platinum, rhodium, gold, silver, copper and nickel into intermediate and final products for sale to customers. Palladium, platinum, rhodium, gold and silver are sent to third-party refineries for final processing from where they are sold to a number of consumers and dealers with whom the Company has established trading relationships. Refined PGMs of 9995%purity rhodium of 999% in sponge form are transferred upon sale from the Companys account at third-party refineries to the account of the purchaser. By-products of precious metals are normally sold at market prices to customers, brokers or outside refiners. By-products of copper and nickel are produced by the Company at less than commercial grade, so prices for these metals typically reflect a quality discount. By-product sales are included in revenues from mine production. During 2013, 2012 and 2011, total by-product copper, nickel, gold, silver and mined rhodium sales were $271 million, $306 millionand $360 million, respectively.The Company currently has a one-year market-based platinum supply agreement in place with Tiffany Co., valid through the end of 2014; at present all other Company sales of mined PGMs are either in the spot market or under mutually agreed short-term extensions of prior supply agreements. The Company is reassessing its marketing strategy in light of increasing demand for PGMs sourced from jurisdictions with secure and stable operating environments. Until this reassessment is completed, the Company believes it should have no difficulty selling PGMs month to month on a spot basis.PGM RECYCLING98The Company purchases spent catalyst materials from third-parties and processes these materials in its facilities in Columbus, Montana to recover palladium, platinum and rhodium for resale. It also accepts recycled material supplied from third-parties on a tolling basis, processing it for a fee and returning the recovered metals to the supplier. The Company has entered into sourcing arrangements for catalyst material with various suppliers. Under these sourcing arrangements as currently structured, the Company may advance cash against a shipment of material shortly before actually receiving the physical shipment. These advances are included in Other current assetson the Companys Consolidated Balance Sheetsuntil such time as the material has been physically received and title has transferred to the Company. Once the material is physically received and title has transferred, the associated advance is reclassified from Other current assetsinto Inventories on the Company Consolidated Balance Sheets. Finance charges collected on advances and inventories prior to being earned are included in Other current liabilitieson the Companys Consolidated Balance Sheets. Finance charges are reclassified from Other current liabilitiesto Interest incomeratably from the time the advance is made until the outturn date of the inventory. The Company recorded write-downs of advances on these recycling inventory purchases of $06 millionin both 2012and 2011.At the same time the Company purchases recycling material it enters into a fixed forward contract for future delivery of the PGMs contained in the recycled material at a price consistent with the purchase cost of the recycled material. The contract commits the Company to deliver finished metal on a specified date that corresponds to the expected outturn date for the metal from the final refiner. The purpose of this arrangement is to eliminate the Companys exposure to fluctuations in market prices during processing, while at the same time creating an obligation for the Company to deliver metal at a future point in time that could be subject to operational risks. If the Company is unable to complete the processing of the recycled material by the contractual delivery date, it could either cover its delivery commitments with mine production or purchase finished metal in the open market. If open market purchases are used, the Company bears the risk of any changes in the market price relative to the price stipulated in the delivery contract.OTHERThe Company makes other open market purchases of PGMs from time to time for resale to third-parties. During 2013and 2012, the Company did not incur any open market purchases but recognized revenue of $11 millionon PGMs purchased in the open market and re-sold for the year ended December31, 2011.NOTE 4ASSET IMPAIRMENTThe Company reviews and evaluates its long-lived assets for impairment when events and changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amounts of its assets may not be recoverable99The Company identified certain events and changes in circumstances that occurred during the third quarter of 2013. Continuing uncertainty in the legal and business climate in Argentina, announcements of reduced investment or the placement on care and maintenance of certain projects in the vicinity of the Companys Altar mineral property, significant changes in the global mining industry and on-going technical reviews within the Company were all considered in the Companys assessment. Considering these events individually, and in the aggregate, the Company concluded that a triggering event had occurred during the 2013 third quarter requiring it to assess whether its investment in the Altar mineral property was impaired. These adverse changes required the Company to assess whether it could generate cash flows sufficient to recover its investment in the Altar mineral property utilizing scenarios under current consideration by the Company on an undiscounted basis. Based on these scenarios for the Altar mineral property, which have been evolving pursuant to the technical reviews described above, the Company determined that the probability-weighted undiscounted future cash flows from the Altar mineral property were more likely than not, not sufficient to recover the carrying value at September 30, 2013. Having made such determination, the Company undertook an assessment of the fair market value of the property which included examining recent comparable transactions for similar undeveloped mineral properties and market multiples for similar projects. The Company recorded an impairment at September 30, 2013 of $2904 millionbefore-tax in the carrying value of the Altar mineral property in Argentina reducing the carrying value to its estimated fair market value of $1020 million. There was no change to the carrying value of the Altar property at December 31, 2013.In conjunction with information arising from the ongoing Marathon feasibility study, the Company concluded in the fourth quarter of 2013 that unfavorable economics identified in the study constituted a triggering event that required determining if the carrying value of the Marathon project is impaired at December 31, 2013. The Company looked at the various potential outcomes of the current work at Marathon and the respective undiscounted cash flows. The result indicated that the current carrying value of Marathon exceeds the expected undiscounted cash flows. As a result, the Company initiated a process, with assistance from a qualified third-party consulting firm, to determine the fair value of Marathon. After considering appropriate comparable transactions that provide an indication of fair value, the Company has written down the carrying value of its Marathon assets at December 31, 2013, from $2286 millionto $572 million, with a corresponding $1714 millioncharge before-tax, mineral properties and mine development of $1705 million, and depreciable fixed assets of $08 million, against fourth quarter 2013 net income. Because the economics at present do not support proceeding with development, the Company no longer is reporting proven and probable ore reserves at Marathon or accounting for Marathon as a development-stage project.NOTE 5NONCONTROLLING INTERESTIn March 2012, the Company entered into an agreement with Mitsubishi Corporation Mitsubishi in which a Mitsubishi subsidiary acquired a 25%interest in the Company wholly-owned subsidiary, Stillwater Canada Inc SCI which owns the Marathon PGM-copper project and related properties, for approximately $8125 millionin cash and contributed an additional $136 millionto satisfy Mitsubishi portion of the venture initial cash call. Mitsubishi will be responsible for funding its 25%share of operating, capital and exploration expenditures on the Marathon properties. Mitsubishi will have an option to purchase up to 100%of Marathon future PGM production under a related supply agreement at a relatively small discount to market. The transaction closed in April 2012. The change in the parent company equity as a result of the sale of the noncontrolling interest in SCI was an increase to Additional paid in capitalof $425 million, offset in part by expenses incurred of $11 million.The noncontrolling interest share of equity in SCI is reflected asNoncontrolling interestin the Company Consolidated Balance Sheetsand was $199 millionas of December 31, 2013. The noncontrolling interest balance as of December 31, 2013, reflects Mitsubishi share of the impairment loss taken on the carrying value of the Marathon assets. The noncontrolling interest portion of the impairment loss was $423 millionbefore-tax100NOTE 6DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTSThe Company uses various derivative financial instruments to manage its exposure to changes in interest rates and PGM market commodity prices. Some of these derivative transactions are designated as hedges. Because the Company hedges only with instruments that have a high correlation with the value of the underlying exposures, changes in the derivatives fair value are expected to be offset by changes in the value of the hedged transaction.COMMODITY DERIVATIVESThe Company customarily enters into fixed forward contracts and on occasion enters into financially settled forward contracts to offset the price risk in its PGM recycling activity. From time to time, it also has entered into these types of contracts on portions of its mine production. Under these fixed forward transactions, the Company agrees to deliver a stated quantity of metal on a specific future date at a price stipulated in advance. The Company uses fixed forward transactions primarily to price in advance the metals acquired for processing in its recycling segment. Under financially settled forward transactions, at each settlement date the Company receives the difference between the forward price and the market price if the market price is below the forward price and the Company pays the difference between the forward price and the market price if the market price is above the forward price. These financially settled forward contracts are settled in cash at maturity and do not require physical delivery of metal at settlement. The Company has typically used financially settled forward contracts with third-parties to reduce its exposure to price risk on metal it is obligated to deliver under long-term sales agreements.MINE PRODUCTIONAt present, the Company has not entered into derivative instruments to hedge its mined production.PGM RECYCLINGThe Company customarily enters into fixed forward sales relating to PGM recycling of catalysts materials. The metals from PGM recycled materials are sold forward at the time of purchase and delivered against the fixed forward contracts when the ounces are recovered. Because the forward price is also used to determine the acquisition price, this arrangement significantly reduces exposure to PGM price volatility. The Company believes such transactions qualify for the exception to hedge accounting treatment and so has elected to account for these transactions as normal purchases and normal sales.All of the fixed forward sales contracts open at December 31, 2013, will settle at various periods through May 2014. The Company has credit agreements with its major trading partners that provide for margin deposits in the event that forward prices for metals exceed the Companys hedged prices by a predetermined margin limit. As of December 31, 2013, and 2012, no margin deposits were outstanding or due.On occasion, the Company has entered into financially settled forward contracts on its recycled materials. Such contracts are utilized when the Company wishes to establish a firm forward price for recycled metal on a specific future date. No financially settled forward contracts were entered into during the years ended December 31, 2013, and 2012. The Company generally has not designated these contracts as cash flow hedges, so they are marked to market at the end of each accounting period. The change in the fair value of the derivatives is reflected in the Company Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss Income.The following is a summary of the Companys commodity derivatives as of December 31, 2013:PGM  Forward ContractsSettlement PeriodOuncesAverage PriceOuncesAverage PriceOuncesAverage PriceFirst Quarter  Quarter  7SHARE-BASED COMPENSATIONSTOCK PLANSThe Company sponsors stock option plans the Plans that enable the Company to grant stock options or other equity based compensation to employees and non-employee directors. Effective March2011, the Company ceased offering stock options as incentive compensation to employees and non-employee directors and began to issue only cash awards or restricted stock units in lieu of stock options. The Company continues to have previously issued stock options that remain outstanding under three separate plans: the 1994 Incentive Plan amended by the 1998 Incentive Plan, the General Employee Plan and the 2004 Equity Incentive Plan. In April 2012, stockholders approved the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan. At inception of the plans, approximately 164 millionshares of common stock were authorized under the Plans, including approximately 50 million, 52 million, 14 millionand 48 millionauthorized shares for the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan, 2004 Equity Incentive Plan, the General Employee Plan and the 1994 Incentive Plan as amended by the 1998 Incentive Plan, respectively. The 1998 Incentive Plan and the General Plan have been terminated and no additional options, shares or units may be issued under these twoterminated plans. Approximately 50 millionshares were available and reserved for grant under the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan as of December 31, 2013.The Compensation Committee of the Companys Board of Directors administers the Plans and determines the type of equity awards to be issued, the exercise period, vesting period and all other terms of instruments issued under the Plans. Employees options and restricted stock units vest in equal annual installments over a threeyear period after date of grant. Options expire tenyears after the date of grant. Certain of the Company equity incentive plans and award agreements contain change in control provisions which provide that, among other triggering events, a change in control occurs if following the election of new directors to the Board of Directors, a majority of the members of the Board of Directors are not considered incumbent directors.On May 7, 2013, the Company announced the election of fournew directors to the Company Board of Directors. The election resulted in fourincumbent directors being retained on the board and fournew directors being elected to the board. This four / four split constituted a change in control event under the 2004 and 2012 Equity Plans. As a result of this change in control, all unvested stock options and unvested restricted stock units that had previously been granted under the 2004 and 2012 Equity Plans excluding those unrestricted stock units granted under the 2004 Equity Plan to individuals eligible for the Company 409A deferral plans became fully vested, effective May 7, 2013.On June 7, 2013, Francis R. McAllister, the Company former Chief Executive Officer, announced his retirement from the Company. At the time of his retirement, Mr. McAllister was a member of the Company Board of Directors. His retirement constituted another change in control event that resulted in the accelerated vesting of all remaining unvested restricted stock that had been granted through the date of Mr. McAllister retirement102NONVESTED SHARESNonvested share activity during 2013, 2012and 2011, is detailed in the following table:Year ended  FairValueNonvested shares at December 31,  shares at December 31,  shares at December 31,   shares at December 31, 201331,057$11551 Pursuant to the terms of the Company Equity Plans, the change in control that occurred in the second quarter of 2013 resulted in all outstanding nonvested shares granted under those Equity Plans immediately becoming fully vested.Compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2013, totaled $137 million, of which $46 millionis included in General and administrative in the Company Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss Incomeand $91 millionnon-cash charge resulting from the triggering of the change in control provisions under the 2004 and 2012 Equity Incentive Plans is recorded as Accelerated equity based compensation expensein the Company Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss Income. Compensation expense, included within General and administrative in the Company Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss Incomerelated to grants of nonvested shares for years ended 2012 and 2011 was $82 millionand $64 million, respectively.Total compensation expense related to nonvested shares at December 31, 2013, is currently expected to be approximately $119,100, $119,400and $106,400for the years 2014, 2015 and 2016, respectively.DEFERRAL PLANSThe Company Non-Employee Directors Deferral Plan, allows non-employee directors to defer all or any portion of the compensation received as directors, in accordance with the provisions of Section409A of the Internal Revenue Code and associated Treasury regulations. All amounts deferred under this plan are fully vested, and each participant elects the deferral period and form of the compensation Company common stock or cash. The plan provides for a Company matching contribution equal to 20%of the participants deferred stock amount. Compensation expense that was deferred in common stock related to the Non-Employee Directors Deferral Plan was $64,200, $83,400and $69,150in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. The Company match was made in Company common stock. There were no cash deferrals related to the Non-Employee Directors Deferral Plan in 2013and 2012.The Company Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan, allows certain key personnel of the Company to defer up to 60%of their salaries; up to 100%of other cash compensation and up to 100%of their restricted stock units upon vesting in accordance with the provisions of Section409A of the Internal Revenue Code and associated Treasury regulations. All amounts deferred under this plan are fully vested, and each participant elects the deferral period and form of the compensation Company common stock or cash. For each Plan year, the Company matches the amount of compensation deferred during that year up to a maximum of 8%of the participants total compensation for the calendar year. Compensation expense deferred in cash was $203,000, $342,000and $248,800in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively103STOCK OPTIONSHistorically, the Company recognized compensation expense associated with its stock option grants based on their fair market value on the date of grant as determined using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. As discussed above, the change in control that occurred in the second quarter of 2013 resulted in all outstanding, unvested stock options granted under the 2004 and 2012 Equity Plans becoming fully vested. Unless vesting is accelerated due to a change in control or other event, the Company recognizes stock option expense ratably over the vesting period of the options. If options are canceled or forfeited prior to vesting, the Company stops recognizing the related expense effective with the date of forfeiture. However, because of the accelerated vesting of all outstanding stock options in the second quarter of 2013, the Company was required to recognize the remaining expense of such vesting immediately.Because all outstanding, unvested stock options vested in the second quarter of 2013, there was no compensation expense associated with stock option grants recorded in the second half of 2013. Compensation expense related to the fair value of stock options for the periods ended December 31, 2013, and 2012 was $41,400and $96,870, respectively. The compensation expense is recorded in General and administrativein the Company Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss Income.The Company received approximately $01 million, less than $01 millionand $08 millionin cash from the exercise of stock options in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.The fair value for options granted in 2011 was estimated at the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions:Year ended December31,2011Weighted average expected lives years35Interest rate08%Volatility67%Dividend yield104Stock option activity for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012and 2011, is summarized as follows excluding the effect of nonvested shares:Year Ended December  FairValueOptions outstanding at December31, 2010595,939$2054Options exercisable at December31, 2010530,72421322011 ActivityOptions  exercised52,1311510Options  outstanding at December31, 2011492,112$1423Options exercisable at December31, 2011454,96614062012 ActivityOptions grantedOptions exercised16,552261Options  outstanding at December31, 2012242,519$1057Options exercisable at December31, 2012224,93310082013 ActivityOptions grantedOptions exercised25,471502Options  outstanding at December31, 2013199,291$1168Options exercisable at December31, 2013199,2911168The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised during each of the years ended December31, 2013, and 2012 was $02 millionand for the year ended December 31, 2011, the total intrinsic value of stock options exercised was $04 million. At December 31, 2013, the total intrinsic value was $05 millionfor both stock options outstanding and exercisable. The Company issued 96,154replacement options to Peregrine Metals Ltd. optionholders upon closing the acquisition of Peregrine Metals Ltd. in the fourth quarter of 2011. These replacement options were included as part of the total consideration paid.The following table summarizes information for outstanding and exercisable options as of December 31, 2013:Options OutstandingOptions ExercisableRange of    -  -  -  -  summary of the status of the Companys nonvested stock options as of December 31, 2013, and changes during the year then ended, is presented below:Nonvested  FairValueNonvested options at January1, 201317,586$819Options vested 117,586819Nonvested options at December31, 20131 Pursuant to the terms of the Company Equity Plans, the change in control that occurred in the second quarter of 2013 resulted in all outstanding nonvested shares granted under those Equity Plans immediately becoming fully vested.EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANSThe Company has twosavings plans, which qualify under section 401k of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, covering essentially all non-bargaining and bargaining employees. Employees may elect to contribute up to 60%of their eligible compensation, subject to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ERISA limitations. The Company is required to make matching contributions equal to 100%of the employees contribution up to 8%of the employees compensation. Matching contributions are made with common stock of the Company. During 2013, 2012 and 2011, the Company issued approximately 09 million, 07 millionand 04 millionshares of common stock, respectively, with a market value on the respective grant dates of $103 million, $79 millionand $56 million, respectively, to match employees contributions. The Company made no cash contributions to the plans in 2013, 2012 and 2011106NOTE 8INCOME TAXESThe components of the Companys deferred income tax liabilities assets are comprised of the following temporary differences and carryforwards at December 31, 2013, and 2012.December31, In thousands20132012Mine development and mineral  development and mineral  interests-South America27,333111,961Long-term debt49,93656,281Total deferred tax   and    credit and other  operating loss and other  deferred tax  allowance20,68518,525Net deferred tax assets123,789152,369Net deferred tax liabilities$57,612$178,498In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. The Company provided a valuation allowance in 2013 and 2012 to reflect the estimated amount of deferred tax assets which may not be realized, which principally relate to foreign and state net operating losses, and certain tax credits. The NOLs and other carryforwards for 2013 above represent $561 millionfrom U.S. operations and $118 millionfrom foreign operations. The NOLs for 2012 above represent $993 millionfrom U.S. operations and $103 millionfrom foreign operations.Reconciliation of the income tax provision at the applicable statutory income tax rates to the effective rate is as follows:Year ended December31, In thousands201320122011Loss income before income  tax benefit provision at statutory  income tax expense, net of federal   currency transaction gain, net31,6055,3041,131NOL utilization adjustment4,277Compensation related adjustment3592,0261,700Change in valuation  rate  income tax benefit  December 31, 2013, the Company had approximately $1955 millionof regular federal tax net operating loss carryforwards in the U.S. expiring from 2019 through 2028. Usage of $1005 millionof these net operating losses is limited to approximately $102 millionannually as a result of the change in control of the Company that occurred in connection with the Norilsk Nickel transaction in 2003. Usage of $950 millionof these net operating losses is limited to approximately $777 millionannually, exclusive of any net realized built-in gains, as a result of the exit of Norilsk Nickel in 2010. The Company had $157 millionof alternative minimum tax credit carryforwards which will not expire and $12 millionin general business credits expiring during 2031 to 2033. The Company had approximately $29 millionof state tax net operating loss carryforwards expiring during 2020 through 2029. The Company also had $448 millionof foreign net operating loss carryforwards, the expiration of which varies by foreign jurisdiction.Cash payments for state income taxes were made in 2013 in the amount of $01 millionrelated to the tax year 2012 and no state payments were made in 2012 or 2011. A U.S. federal extension tax payment in the amount of $52 millionwas made in 2013, which is related to 2012. A U.S. federal extension tax payment in the amount of $48 millionwas made in 2012, which was related to 2011. The Company had a net tax receivable of $06 millionrelating to current and prior year anticipated U.S. and state tax filings. The deferred foreign tax expense is a non-cash expense related to the Argentina impairment.The Companys policy is to recognize interest and penalties on unrecognized tax benefits in Income tax benefit provisionin the Company Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss Income. The interest and penalties accrued at December 31, 2013, and 2012, were $21 millionand less than $01 million, respectively. There was no interest or penalties of this nature for the year ended December 31, 2011. The Company has included expense of $14 millionand $02 millionfor unrecognized tax benefit for the years ended December 31, 2013, and 2012, respectively. The tax years subject to examination by the taxing authorities are the years ending December31, 2012, 2011and 2010. Although, net operating loss and credit carryforwards from all years are subject to examination and adjustments for three years following the year in which utilized.The income tax benefit provision is comprised of the following:Year ended December 31, In  income  income tax benefit108,5455,960Income tax benefit  components of loss income before income tax benefit provision by tax jurisdiction for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 were as follows:In millions201320122011United  income before income tax benefit  9COMPREHENSIVE GAIN/LOSSComprehensive gain/loss consists of earnings items and other gains and losses affecting stockholders equity that are excluded from current net income. As of December31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, such items consisted of unrealized gains / losses on available-for-sale marketable securities108The following summary sets forth the changes in Accumulated other comprehensive income lossduring 2013, 2012 and 2011:In  at December31, 2010$852Change in value109Comprehensive loss$109Balance at December31, 2011$961Change in value862Comprehensive gain$862Balance at December31, 2012$99Change in value105Comprehensive gain$105Balance at December31, 2013$6NOTE 10SEGMENT INFORMATIONThe Company operates fivereportable business segments: Mine Production, PGM Recycling, Canadian Properties, South American Properties and All Other. These segments are managed separately based on fundamental differences in their operations and geographic separation.The Mine Production segment consists of twobusiness components: the Stillwater Mine and the East Boulder Mine. The Mine Production segment is engaged in the development, extraction, processing and refining of PGMs. The Company sells PGMs from mine production under short-term and long-term sales agreements and in open PGM markets. The financial results for the Stillwater Mine and the East Boulder Mine have been aggregated, as both have similar products, processes, customers, distribution methods and economic characteristics.The PGM Recycling segment is engaged in the recycling of spent catalyst material to recover the PGMs contained in the material. The Company purchases the majority of catalyst material processed by the PGM Recycling segment from third-party suppliers for its own account and sells the recovered metals directly, and it also accepts catalyst material supplied from third-parties on a tolling basis, processing it for a fee and returning the recovered metals to the supplier. The Company allocates costs of the Company smelting and base metal refining facilities to both the Mine Production segment and to the PGM Recycling segment for internal and segment reporting purposes because these facilities support the PGM extraction requirements of both business segments.The Canadian Properties segment consists of the Marathon PGM assets which consist primarily of the Marathon project mineral property and the Coldwell Complex exploration mineral properties. The Marathon project mineral property is a large PGM and copper deposit located near the town of Marathon, Ontario, Canada. The Coldwell Complex exploration mineral properties are located adjacent to the Marathon property. As of December 31, 2013, the Company is no longer reporting proven and probable ore reserves at Marathon or accounting for Marathon as a development-stage project. The Company will cease to capitalize future project expenditures incurred in connection with Marathon. See Note 4 - Asset Impairment for more information. The South American Properties segment consists of the Peregrine Metals Ltd. assets. The principal Peregrine property is the Altar project, a copper-gold resource, located in the San Juan province of Argentina. The Altar project is currently in the exploration stage. Financial information for this segment consists of total asset values, general and administrative costs and exploration costs. In the third quarter of 2013, the Company took an impairment charge of $2904 millionon the Peregrine properties. See Note 4 - Asset Impairment for more information.The All Other group primarily consists of assets, including investments, revenues, and expenses of various corporate and support functions and, historically, marketing expenditures related to promoting palladium.The Company evaluates performance and allocates resources based on income or loss before income taxes109The following financial information relates to the Companys business segments:In  ended December 31,  depreciation and  and administrative    loss before impairment charge and income   loss after impairment charge, before income     ended December 31,  depreciation and  and administrative    loss before income     ended December 31,  depreciation and  and administrative   expense 6,548$6,548Income loss before income    11INVESTMENTSThe Company classifies the marketable securities in which it invests as available-for-sale securities. These securities are measured at fair market value in the financial statements with unrealized gains or losses recorded in Other comprehensive income loss in the Company Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss Income. At the time the securities are sold or otherwise disposed of, gross realized gains and losses are included inNet loss income. Gross realized gains and losses are based on the carrying value cost, net of discounts or premiums of the sold investment. The Company adopted ASU 2013-02 ReportingAmounts Reclassified out of Other Comprehensive Income as of January 1, 2013. The amounts reclassified out of Other comprehensive incomelossduring the periods ended December 31, 2013, and 2012 were insignificant. All of the marketable securities amounts are available to satisfy current obligations.The amortized cost, gross unrealized gains, gross unrealized losses, and fair market value of available-for-sale investment securities by major security type and class of security at December31, are as follows:In  agency    agency    mutual funds included in the investment table above are included in Other noncurrent assetson the Company Consolidated Balance Sheets.The maturities of available-for-sale securities at December 31, 2013, are as follows:In thousandsAmortized costFair market valueFederal agency notesDue in one year or less$48,359$48,401Due after one year through three  paperDue in one year or less$92,142$91,871Due after one year through three  Company has long-term investments in several Canadian junior exploration companies, recorded on the balance sheet at cost. The Company determined that its long-term investments were other than temporarily impaired and recorded a loss of $19 millionand $26 millionfor the years ended December 31, 2013, and 2012, respectively. At December 31, 2013, these long-term investments totaled $10 millionand are recorded in Other noncurrent assetson the Company Consolidated Balance Sheets111NOTE 12INVENTORIESFor purposes of inventory accounting, the market value of inventory is generally deemed equal to the Companys current cost of replacing the inventory, provided that: 1the market value of the inventory may not exceed the estimated selling price of such inventory in the ordinary course of business less reasonably predictable costs of completion and disposal, and 2the market value may not be less than net realizable value reduced by an allowance for a normal profit margin. No reduction to inventory value was necessary during 2013and 2012.The costs of mined PGM inventories as of any date are determined based on combined production costs per ounce and include all inventoriable production costs, including direct labor, direct materials, depletion, depreciation and amortization and other overhead costs relating to mining and processing activities incurred as of such date.The costs of recycled PGM inventories as of any date are determined based on the acquisition cost of the recycled material and include all inventoriable processing costs, including direct labor, direct materials, depreciation and third-party refining costs which relate to the processing activities incurred as of such date.Inventories reflected in the accompanying balance sheets at December31, consisted of the following:In thousands20132012Metals inventoryRaw ore$4,638$3,505Concentrate and   and supplies26,66123,263Total inventory$158,650$153,208The Company also holds in its possession, but does not reflect in inventory, materials it processes on a toll basis for customers until the tolled material is transported to a third-party refiner. NOTE 13EARNINGS PER COMMON SHAREBasic loss earnings per share attributable to common stockholdersis computed by dividing net earnings available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted loss earnings per share attributable to common stockholdersreflects the potential dilution that could occur if the Companys dilutive outstanding stock options or nonvested shares were exercised or vested and the Companys convertible debt was converted. For the purposes of calculating earnings per share attributable to common stockholders, reported consolidated net loss income attributable to common stockholders was adjusted for the interest expense, net of capitalized interest including amortization expense of deferred debt fees, the related income tax effect and the income loss attributable to the noncontrolling interest in the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to common stockholders. The Company currently has only one class of equity shares outstanding.Outstanding options to purchase 45,269weighted shares of common stock were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings loss per share attributable to common stockholders in 2013because the Company reported a net loss and therefore the effect would have been antidilutive. Outstanding options to purchase 121,569and 273,965weighted shares of common stock were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share attributable to common stockholders for 2012and 2011, respectively, because the market price at the end of the period was lower than the exercise price, and therefore the effect would have been antidilutive.The was no effect of outstanding nonvested shares on diluted weighted average shares outstanding in 2013 because the Company reported a net loss and inclusion of any of these shares would have reduced the net loss per share amounts. The effect of outstanding nonvested shares was to increase diluted weighted average shares outstanding by 762,060and 957,604shares in 2012 and 2011,  showing the computation of basic and diluted shares and the related impact on income for the years ended December31, 2012 and 2011 are shown in the following table:Year EndedYear EndedDecember 31, 2012December 31, 2011In thousands, except per share amountsIncome NumeratorWeighted Average Shares DenominatorPer Share  EPSNet income attributable to common  of Dilutive SecuritiesStock options5860Nonvested shares7629581875% Convertible debentures,  net of tax2,3557,0823,6517,082175% Convertible debentures,    net of tax2,7747,377Diluted EPSNet income attributable to common stockholders and assumed  14DEBT AND CAPITAL LEASE OBLIGATIONS1875% CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURESIn March2008, the Company issued and sold $1815 millionof 1875%aggregate principal amount senior unsecured convertible debentures due March15, 2028, with interest payable semiannually. Each $1,000 principal amount of 1875% debentures is initially convertible, at the option of the holders, into approximately 425351shares of the Companys common stock, at any time prior to the maturity date. The conversion rate is subject to certain adjustments, but will not be adjusted for accrued interest or any unpaid interest. The conversion rate initially represents a conversion price of $2351per share. In October 2009, the Company exchanged $150 millionface amount of the 1875% debentures for 184 millionshares of the Companys common stock, leaving $1665 millionface value of the debentures outstanding at December31, 2009. In March 2013, the holders of $1643 millionof the 1875% debentures exercised their option to require the Company to redeem their debentures at face value. Holders of the remaining $22 millionof outstanding 1875% debentures may require the Company to redeem their 1875% debentures at face value onMarch15, 2018 or March15, 2023, or at any time before March15, 2028 upon the occurrence of certain events including a change in control. Effective as of March 22, 2013, the Company has the right at its discretion to redeem the remaining $22 millionof outstanding 1875% debentures for cash at any time prior to maturity. The outstanding balance of $22 millionis reported as a long-term debt obligation as of December 31, 2013.Amortization expense related to the issuance costs of the 1875% debentures was $02 millionfor the year ended December 31, 2013, and $09 millionfor the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011. Interest expense on the 1875% debentures was $03 millionfor the year ended December 31, 2013, and $31 millionfor the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011. The Company made cash payments of $16 millionfor interest on the 1875% debentures for the year ended December 31, 2013, and $31 millionfor the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011113175% CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURESIn October 2012, the Company issued $39675 millionof 175%senior unsecured convertible debentures, due October 15, 2032. Each $1,000 principal amount of these 175% debentures is initially convertible, under certain circumstances and during certain periods, into 604961shares subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments of the Company common stock, which represents an initial conversion price of $1653per share. The 175% debentures also include an embedded conversion enhancement feature that is equivalent to including with each debenture a warrant initially exercisable for 302481shares initially at $1653per share also subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments. The Company, at its election, may settle conversions of the 175% debentures in cash, shares of its common stock or any combination of cash and shares of its common stock. Holders have the right to redeem their 175% debentures at face value plus accrued and unpaid interest on October 15, of each of 2019, 2024, 2029, and upon the occurrence of certain corporate events. The Company will have the right to call the 175% debentures at any time on or after October 20, 2019. The 175% debentures were bifurcated under U.S. GAAP into separate debt and equity components, and reflect an effective maturity to the first optional redemption date of seven years. The residual amount of $1416 millionrecorded in equity is treated for accounting purposes as additional debt discount and accreted as an additional non-cash interest charge to earnings over the expected life. Debt and equity issuance costs totaling approximately $124 millionwere deducted from the gross proceeds of the offering of the 175% debentures and the debt portion is being amortized ratably over seven years. Net proceeds of $3843 millionfrom the offering were used in part to retire $1643 millionof the Company 1875% convertible debentures upon their redemption in March 2013 with the remainder being used for general corporate purposes.The 175% debentures have an effective interest rate of 850%and a stated interest rate of 175%with interest paid semi-annually. The balance outstanding for the year ended December 31, 2013, was $2740 million, which is net of unamortized discount of $1228 million.Amortization of debt issuance costs related to the issuance of the 175% debentures was $11 millionand $02 millionfor the periods ended December 31, 2013, and 2012, respectively. Interest expense related to the 175% debentures was $183 millionand $45 millionfor the periods ended December 31, 2013, and 2012, respectively. The Company made $69 millionin interest payments on the 175% debentures during the period ended December 31, 2013. The Company made nocash payments for the period ended December 31, 2012.EXEMPT FACILITY REVENUE BONDSDuring 2000, the Company completed a $300 millionoffering of Exempt Facility Revenue Bonds, Series 2000, through the State of Montana Board of Investments. The bonds were issued by the State of Montana Board of Investments to finance a portion of the costs of constructing and equipping certain sewage and solid waste disposal facilities at both the Stillwater Mine and the East Boulder Mine. The bonds mature on July1, 2020, and have a stated interest rate of 800%with interest paid semi-annually. Net discounted proceeds from the offering were $287 million, yielding an effective interest rate of 857%. The balance outstanding for the years ending December 31, 2013, and 2012 was $296 million, which is net of unamortized discount of $04 million. The outstanding balance for the year ended December 31, 2011 was $295 millionnet of unamortized discount of $05 million. The Company made cash payments of $24 millionfor interest on the revenue bonds for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011.ASSET-BACKED REVOLVING CREDIT FACILITYIn December2011, the Company signed a $1000 millionasset-backed revolving credit agreement, incurring debt issuance costs of $11 million. In January2012, the Company completed the syndication of this facility and simultaneously expanded the maximum line of credit to $1250 million, incurring additional debt issuance costs of $02 million. Borrowings under this working capital facility are limited to a borrowing base comprised of 85%of eligible accounts receivable and 70%of eligible inventories. Terms of the agreement state that the borrowings will be secured by the Companys accounts receivable, metals inventories and other accounts. The asset-backed revolving credit facility includes a single fixed-charge coverage covenant that only takes effect when less than 30%of the total borrowing capacity under the line remains available. The facility also includes a $600 millionletter of credit sub-facility. Outstanding borrowings under the facility accrue interest at a spread over the London Interbank Offer Ratethat varies from 225%to 275%, decreasing progressively as the percentage drawn against the facility increases. The Company also pays an unused line fee on the committed but unutilized balance under the facility at a rate per annum of 0375%or 05%, depending on utilization of the facility. The asset-backed revolving credit agreement contains a change in control provision which if triggered would constitute an event of default under the credit agreement. On July 1, 2013, following the Company 2013 election of directors that resulted in a change of control event, the Company was issued a waiver by the four banks that have provide commitments under the facility114The Company recognized approximately $11 millionand $10 millionin fees associated with the asset-backed revolving credit facility for the years ended December 31, 2013, and 2012, respectively. Amortization expense related to the issuance costs of the credit agreement for the years ended December 31, 2013, and 2012 was approximately $03 million. As of December 31, 2013, there was no drawn balance under this revolving credit facility, and approximately $175 millionin undrawn irrevocable letters of credit have been issued under this facility as collateral for sureties.CAPITAL LEASE OBLIGATIONSThe Company is party to a lease agreement with General Electric Capital Corporation GECC covering the acquisition of a tunnel-boring machine for use on the Blitz development adjacent to the Stillwater Mine. The transaction is structured as a capital lease with a four-year term maturing in 2016; lease payments are due quarterly in advance. The Company made cash payments of $22 millionon its capital lease obligations for the year ended December 31, 2013. These cash payments included interest of $03 million. As of December31, 2013, the outstanding principal balance under the capital lease was $46 million.The following is a schedule by year of the future minimum lease payments for the capital lease together with the present value of the net minimum lease payments:Year ended December 31, 2013 In  minimum lease payments$4,926Less interest at rates ranging from 521% to 546% before-tax322Net minimum lease payments$4,604Less current portion1,958Total long-term capital lease obligation$2,646CAPITALIZED INTERESTThe Company capitalizes interest incurred on its various debt instruments as a cost of specific and identified projects under development. For the periods ended December 31, 2013, and 2012, the Company capitalized interest of $48 millionand $09 million, respectively. Capitalized interest is recorded as a reduction to Interest expensein the Company Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss Income115NOTE 15MINERAL PROPERTIES AND MINE DEVELOPMENTMineral properties and mine development at December31, 2013, and 2012, consisted of the following:In thousands20132012Mineral Properties:Montana, United States of AmericaStillwater Mine1,950Ontario, CanadaMarathon  Complex property4,41714,056San Juan, ArgentinaAltar property101,970392,387Mine Development:Montana, United States of AmericaStillwater Mine532,480464,882East Boulder Mine179,263155,878Ontario,  accumulated depletion and  mineral properties and mine  Company acquired the assets of Peregrine Metals Ltd., a Canadian exploration company, in October 2011 for $1664 millionin cash net of cash acquired and approximately 1203 millionStillwater common shares with a fair value of $965 millionon the date of acquisition. During the year ended December 31, 2012, the Company recorded adjustments to the purchase price of its foreign mineral interests to reflect final tax bases and rates applicable to the properties. An impairment charge of $2904 millionbefore-tax was taken on the Altar mineral property in the third quarter of 2013, reflecting an estimated fair market value of $1020 million. An impairment charge of $1705 millionbefore-tax was taken on the Marathon mineral properties and related mine development in the fourth quarter of 2013, reflecting an estimated fair market value of $553 million. See Note 4- Asset Impairmentfor further information116NOTE 16PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENTProperty, plant and equipment at December31, consisted of the following:In thousands20132012Machinery and  and structural  Mine5,81818,515East Boulder  facilities and  accumulated  property, plant, and equipment$124,731$122,677An impairment charge of $08 millionbefore-tax was taken on the Marathon property, plant and equipment in the fourth quarter of 2013 reflecting an estimated fair market value of $19 million. See Note 4- Asset Impairmentfor further information.The Companys capital outlay for the years ended December31, was as follows:In  Mine$83,548$86,541$69,168East Boulder  project12,3808,31913,470Altar  capital  by capital lease transactions677Total cash paid  17ASSET RETIREMENT OBLIGATIONThe following summary sets forth the annual changes to the Companys asset retirement obligation in 2013, 2012 and 2011:In  at December31, 2010$6,253$494$6,747Accretion expense54143584Balance at December31, 2011$6,794$537$7,331Accretion expense58747634Balance at December31, 2012$7,381$584$7,965Accretion expense63950689Balance at December31, 2013$8,020$634$8,654No adjustments were made to the asset retirement obligations in 2013, 2012 and 2011. The Company estimates the mine life of the Stillwater Mine and the East Boulder Mine to the year 2032and 2080, respectively.At December 31, 2013, the Company had posted surety bonds with the State of Montana in the amount of $333 millionto satisfy the current financial guarantee requirements determined by the regulatory agencies. The final updated environmental impact statement EIS was completed during the second quarter of 2012and the Company is expecting the review process to extend through the first quarter of 2014and anticipates these financial guarantee requirements may increase.NOTE 18FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTSFair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability an exit price in an orderly transaction between market participants. A three-level fair value hierarchy prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value. This hierarchy requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. The classification of each financial asset or liability within the hierarchy is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The three levels of inputs used to measure fair value are as follows:Level 1 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.Level 2 Observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1, such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active; or inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data.Level 3 Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities.Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2013, and 2012consisted of the following:In thousandsFair Value MeasurementsAt December 31,   agency  paper$111,753$$111,753$118In thousandsFair Value MeasurementsAt December31, 2012TotalLevel 1Level2Level3Mutual  agency  paper$137,268$$137,268$The fair value of the mutual funds is based on market prices which are readily available. The fair value of the investments is valued indirectly using observable data, quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets. Unrealized gains or losses on mutual funds and investments are recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive income losson the Company Consolidated Balance Sheets.Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis at December 31, 2013, and 2012consisted of the following:In thousandsFair Value MeasurementsAt December 31,  mineral properties and property, plant and  % Convertible debentures$2,245$$2,245$175% Convertible  facility industrial revenue  investments$1,021$1,021$$In thousandsFair Value MeasurementsAt December31,  Convertible  Convertible  facility industrial revenue  investments$2,922$2,922$$The carrying value of the Companys Marathon mineral properties in northern Ontario, Canada at December 31, 2013, was $2286 million. An impairment charge of $1714 millionbefore-tax was taken on the Marathon mineral properties and property, plant and equipment in the fourth quarter of 2013 reflecting an estimated fair market value of $572 million. The impairment charge was included in earnings for the period.The Company used implicit interest rates of comparable unsecured obligations to calculate the fair value of the Companys $300 million, 8%Series 2000exempt facility industrial revenue bonds at December 31, 2013and 2012. The Company used its current trading data to determine the fair value of each of its convertible debentures, the outstanding 1875%convertible debentures and the outstanding 175%convertible debentures at December 31, 2013and 2012.The fair value of the Company long-term investments in certain Canadian junior exploration companies at December31, 2013, and 2012 is based on market prices which are readily available. The fair market value of the Marathon mineral properties as of December 31, 2013, is based on comparable transactions for similar development stage mineral properties and market multiples for similar projects. The fair market value of the Company Altar mineral property was remeasured at the end of the third quarter of 2013 based on Level 3 inputs such as comparable transactions for similar undeveloped mineral properties and market multiples for similar projects.NOTE 19RELATED PARTIESMitsubishi Corporation owns a 25%interest in the Company previously wholly-owned subsidiary, Stillwater Canada Inc SCI, which owns the Marathon PGM-copper project and related properties located in northern Ontario, Canada. The Company made PGM sales of $2966 millionand $2064 millionto Mitsubishi Corporation in 2013and 2012, respectively119NOTE 20COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIESThe Company manages risk through insurance coverage, credit monitoring and diversification of suppliers and customers. The Company also seeks to maintain adequate liquidity to offset the risk of pricing cycles.REFINING AGREEMENTSThe Company has contracted with twoentities to refine its filter cake production. Even though there are a limited number of PGM refiners, the Company believes that it is not economically dependent upon any one refiner.OPERATING LEASESThe Company has operating leases for various mining equipment, office equipment and office space expiring at various dates through August30, 2017. Total rental expense for cancelable and non-cancelable operating leases was $23 million, $24 millionand $15 millionin 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Future minimum lease payments for operating leases with terms in excess of one year are as follows:Year ended In  CUSTOMERSTotal sales to significant customers as a percentage of total revenues for the years ended December31, were as  A29%26%28%Customer B14%17%Customer C14%19%Customer D12%18%17%Customer E10%69%71%64%1 The symbol represents less than 10%of total revenuesLABOR UNION CONTRACTSAs of December 31, 2013, the Company had approximately 60%and 19%of its active labor force covered by collective bargaining agreements expiring on June1, 2015and December31, 2015, respectively.LEGAL PROCEEDINGSThe Company is involved in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business, primarily employee lawsuits. In the opinion of management, the ultimate disposition of these matters is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Companys consolidated financial position, results of operations or liquidity120NOTE 21QUARTERLY DATA UNAUDITEDQuarterly earnings data for the years ended December 31, 2013, and 2012were as follows:In thousands, except per share data2013 Quarter  depreciation and   income  income loss attributable to common  earnings loss per share attributable to common  earnings loss per share attributable to common stockholders *$012$004$169$065* The amounts in the table above do not equal the year-to-date amounts due to the impact of rounding.In thousands, except per share data2012 Quarter  depreciation and   income  income attributable to common  earnings per share attributable to common stockholders $005$017$011$014Diluted earnings per share attributable to common stockholders  AND PROCEDURESaDisclosure Controls and Procedures.The Companys management, with the participation of the Companys Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Companys disclosure controls and procedures as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15e and 15d-15e under the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on such evaluation, the Companys Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of such period, the Companys disclosure controls and procedures are effective in recording, processing, summarizing and reporting, on a timely basis, information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act.bChanges in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting.In evaluating the registrants internal control over financial reporting, as required by Rules 13a-15d and 15d-15d of the Exchange Act, during the fourth quarter of 2013 management determined to revise the design and strengthen the operating effectiveness of certain of the registrants processes for maintaining internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15f and 15d-15f of the Exchange Act as such processes affect the preparation and reporting of the registrants provision for income taxes. Accordingly, the registrant has engaged the services of a third-party accounting firm that specializes in preparing the provision for income taxes to strengthen and enhance the registrant internal control structure related to the preparation and review of the provision for income taxes and related disclosure.Except as has been described above, there has been no significant change in the registrant internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15f under the Exchange Act during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2013, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant internal control over financial reporting. cInternal Control Over Financial Reporting.The Company, under the supervision and with the participation of the Companys Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013, and has concluded that, as of December 31, 2013, the Companys internal control over financial reporting was effective.The Companys independent registered public accounting firm has issued an audit opinion on the effectiveness of the Companys internal control over financial reporting. This report appears within Item8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.MANAGEMENTS REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTINGThe Company management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule13a-15f of the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of the Company management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting based upon the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework 1992 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO. Based on that evaluation, management concluded that the Company internal control over financial reporting is effective, as of December 31, 2013.PART III