Item8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Our consolidated financial statements as of December31,
2005 and 2004, and for each of the three years in the period
ended December31, 2005, together with the report of the
independent registered public accounting firm of
Deloitte Touche LLP, are included in this
Form10-K as
required by Rule14a-3b. 49 Table of Contents   
Item 1. Business
Item 1A. Risk Factors
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments -- None
Item 2. Properties
Item 3. Legal Proceedings
Item 4.
Controls and Procedures Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls
and Procedures. Under the supervision and with the
participation of our management, including our principle
executive officer and principle financial officer, we conducted
an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such
term is defined under
Rule13a-15e
promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended the Exchange Act. Based on this
evaluation, our principle executive officer and our principle
financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and
procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by
this annual report to ensure that information required to be
disclosed by us in the reports submitted under the Exchange Act
is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time
periods specified in the Securities and Exchange
Commissions rules and forms. Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting.
During second quarter 2005, we implemented a new financial
management system, which impacted substantially all of our
financial processes. We believe the new system will
significantly enhance the efficiency of our consolidation
process and the preparation of the financial statements produced
for management and external reporting. The new financial
management system and the internal controls over financial
reporting included in the application were tested prior to
implementation and were determined to be operating effectively.
Other than the implementation of the new financial management
system and the additional internal controls over the computation
of our quarterly and annual income tax provision which are
discussed below, there have been no significant changes in our
internal controls over financial reporting, or to our knowledge,
in other factors that could significantly affect these controls
subsequent to December31, 2005. While we have not identified any material weakness or condition
in our disclosure controls and procedures that would cause us to
consider them ineffective for their intended purpose, we
nevertheless have identified certain deficiencies in our manual
accounting procedures related to the computation of our
quarterly income tax provision benefit and analysis of
deferred tax assets. These deficiencies have resulted in the
Company recording various adjustments to its tax accounts
related to revisions of certain tax estimates in prior years.
These deficiencies did not have a material impact on the quality
or accuracy of our financial statements. To correct these
deficiencies, we have implemented additional internal controls
over the computation of our quarterly and annual income tax
provision and our analysis of deferred tax assets which include,
among other procedures, ian external review by an
independent tax advisor prior to the filing of our quarterly and
annual reports, including certain foreign subsidiaries,
iia formal fixed asset review to ensure additions and
disposals have been properly accounted for in a timely manner
for tax purposes iiithe purchase of an income tax
provision software package to reduce the amount of manual
calculations and the potential for human error and ivthe
hiring of an additional tax accountant. Managements Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting. JDA Software Group, Inc. and subsidiaries is
responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in
Exchange Act
Rule13a-15f.
Under the supervision and with the participation of our
management, including our principle executive officer and
principle financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
based on the framework in Internal Control
Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our
evaluation under the Internal Control Integrated
Framework, our management concluded that our internal
control over financial reporting was effective as of
December31, 2005. Managements assessment of the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting as of
December31, 2005 has been audited by Deloitte
Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as
stated in their report which is included herein.   
