ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The following consolidated financial statements of Geographics, Inc. are
incorporated into this Item 8 by reference to another section of this Report as
follows:
a    Report of Moss Adams LLP regarding Financial     F-2
b    Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 1997 and 1996.    F-3
c    Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended March 31, 1997, 1996 and
F-4
d    Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the years ended March 31,
1997, 1996 and     F-5
e    Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended March 31, 1997, 1996
and     F-6
f    Notes to Consolidated Financial     F-7
g    Report of Moss Adams LLP regarding Schedule II--Valuation and Qualifying
S-1
h    Schedule II--Valuation and Qualifying     S-2
Item 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS
No matters were submitted to a vote of security holders during the quarter
ended March 31, 1997.
PART II
Item 5. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
The following table sets forth the names, ages and positions with the
Company of the executive officers and directors of the Company as of March 31,
1997. Directors will be elected at the Company annual meeting of stockholders
and serve for one year or until their successors are elected and qualify.
Officers are elected by the Board and their terms of office are at the
discretion of the Board.
NAME                        AGE           POSITION
-     
Ronald S.  64  Chairman of the Board of Directors, President,
Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial
Officer and Secretary
Mark G.  32  Director, Executive Vice President-Sales &
Marketing
R. Scott  35  Director, Executive Vice President-Operations
Luis Alberto  36  Director
Alan D. Tuck,  54  Director
Robert S.  51  Director
RONALD S. DEANS has served as the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and
President since he founded the Company in 1973. He has also served as the
Company Chief Financial Officer and Secretary since
Page 32 of 41 Pages
September 4, 1996. Mr. Deans has over thirty years experience in the graphics
arts and office products retailing industry. Prior to founding the Company, he
had served as sales manager for Letraset Canada Ltd.
MARK G. DEANS joined the Company in May 1985 working in the marketing
department. Mr. Deans was promoted to Vice President-Marketing in April 1990,
and was promoted to Executive Vice President-Sales & Marketing in September
1995. Mr. Deans has served as a director of the Company since November 1994.
R. SCOTT DEANS joined the Company in February 1985 working in the marketing
and operations departments. Mr. Deans was promoted to Vice President-Operations
in January 1990, and was promoted to Executive Vice President-Operations in
September 1995. Mr. Deans has served as a director of the Company since
September 1995.
LUIS ALBERTO MORATO has been a director of the Company since October 1995.
From March 1993 to the present, Mr. Morato has been an independent civil
engineering consultant. From June 1982 to March 1993, Mr. Morato was a budget
manager with Bytsa Dc C.V., a construction company.
ALAN D. TUCK, JR. served on the board of directors of the Company from
August 1995 until his resignation from the Company Board in July 1997. Mr.
Tuck has served as President of Greenway Pump Inc., a privately held company
performing research and development of hydraulic pumps, since March 1992. Mr.
Tuck is also an inventor and holder of several U.S. patents. From July 1989 to
March 1992, Mr. Tuck operated Fluid Systems Engineering, a privately held
company performing research and development of hydraulic pumps. Mr. Tuck is a
graduate of the United States Air Force Academy and former U.S. Air Force
Officer and a recipient of a Juris Doctor Degree from the University of
California School of Law in Davis, California.
ROBERT S. PARKER served on the Board of Directors from April 1996 until his
resignation from the Company Board in August 1997. Mr. Parker has been the
President of Sanford Corporation, a manufacturer of writing instruments and
office supplies, since December 1990. Sanford Corporation is a subsidiary of
Newell Co., a publicly traded company.
FAMILY RELATIONSHIPS
Ronald S. Deans is the father of Mark G. Deans and R. Scott Deans. Ronald S.
Deans serves as the Company President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief
Financial Officer and Secretary and as Chairman of the Company Board of
Directors. Mark G. Deans and R. Scott Deans serve as the Company Executive
Vice President--Sales & Marketing and Executive Vice President--Operations,
respectively. Ronald S. Deans is a director of the Company and serves on the
Company Audit Committee and the Compensation Committee. Mark G. Deans and R.
Scott Deans are each directors of the Company. Luis Alberto Morato, one of the
Company directors, is the son-in-law of Fidel Garcia Carrencedo, a former
director of the Company and a current principal shareholder of the Company.
BOARD AND COMMITTEE MEETINGS
During the fiscal year ended March 31, 1997, there were two 2 meetings of
the Company Board of Directors. Each of the incumbent directors attended at
least seventy-five percent 75% of the meetings of the Board of Directors
during fiscal 1997 except Mr. Morato and Mr. Parker.
The Company has established two standing committees of the Board of
Directors: the Audit Committee and the Compensation Committee.
The Audit Committee was established in April 1991. The Audit Committee
function is to make recommendations concerning the effectiveness of the
Company internal auditing methods and procedures, to determine through
discussions with independent auditors whether any limitations or restrictions
have been placed upon them in connection with either the scope of the audit or
its implementation, to
Page 33 of 41 Pages
review the financial statements and related notes with the auditors to ensure
the statements and notes fully disclose all material facts of the Company, and
to recommend approval or non-approval of such financial statements and related
notes. The Audit Committee met one time during fiscal 1997, and all members of
the Audit Committee attended the meeting.
The Compensation Committee was established in April 1991. The Compensation
Committee function is to monitor and make recommendations with respect to
compensation of senior officers, as well as the granting of stock options and
stock awards. The Compensation Committee met one time during fiscal 1997 and all
members of the Compensation Committee attended the meeting.
The Company does not have a nomination committee.
SECTION 16A BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE
Section 16a of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended the
Exchange Act, requires the Company directors, certain officers and persons
who own more than ten percent 10% of the Company outstanding Common Stock
Reporting Persons to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission the
Commission initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership
of Common Stock and other equity securities of the Company. Reporting Persons
are required by Commission regulations to furnish the Company with copies of all
Section 16a reports.
To the Company knowledge, based solely on its review of copies of all
Section 16a reports furnished to the Company and written representations that
no other reports were required, all Section 16a filing requirements applicable
to the Company directors and officers were complied with.
