Item8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data Our audited consolidated financial statements and
related notes as of December31, 2003 and 2002 and for each
of the three years ended December31, 2003 are included
under  and begin on pageF-1.   
Item9.
Changes in Accountants and Disagreement on
Accounting and Financial Disclosure None.   
Item9A.
Controls and Procedures   
a 
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures. At the end of the period
covered by this report, our chief executive officer and chief
financial officer have evaluated the effectiveness of the design
and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as
defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-14c. Based on that
evaluation, the chief executive officer and chief financial
officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and
procedures are effective to ensure that material information
relating to King and our consolidated subsidiaries is made known
to these officers by others within these entities, particularly
during the period this annual report was prepared, in order to
allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
b 
Changes in Internal
Controls. As set forth in the section
entitled Managements Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations under the
heading Governmental Investigations, Medicaid Accrual
Adjustment, and Related Matters, we have undertaken a
substantial process to enhance our compliance with Medicaid and
other governmental pricing program requirements. Also, effective
August1, we appointed a corporate compliance officer whose
responsibilities include oversight of internal controls. In
addition, during July 2003, we implemented a new information
technology system. This implementation has resulted in certain
improvements in our business processes and internal controls
impacting financial reporting. We are taking the necessary steps
to monitor and maintain appropriate internal controls during
this period of change. These steps include deploying resources
to mitigate internal control risks and performing additional
verifications and testing to ensure data integrity. There have
not been any additional significant changes in our internal
controls or in other factors that could significantly affect
these controls subsequent to the date of their evaluation.
83 PART III   
