Item 8.
General
The Company is principally engaged in the business of supplying outsourced
laundry equipment services to multi-family housing properties. At March 31,
1999, the Company owned and operated approximately 765,000 washers and dryers
in approximately 75,000 multi-family housing properties on routes throughout
the United States and in 163 retail laundromats located throughout Texas and
Arizona. The Company, through Super Laundry, its wholly-owned subsidiary, is
also a laundromat equipment distribution company.
Sources of Revenue
The Company primary financial objective is to increase its cash flow from
operations. Cash flow from operations represents a source of funds available
to service indebtedness and for investment in both internal growth and growth
through acquisitions. The Company has experienced net losses during the past
three fiscal years. Such net losses are attributable in part to significant
non-cash charges associated with the Company execution of its growth
strategy, namely, high levels of amortization of contract rights and goodwill
related to the addition of new machines and customers through acquisitions
accounted for under the purchase method of accounting.
The Company most significant revenue source is its route business,
accounting for approximately 86% of its revenue. The Company provides
outsourced laundry equipment services to locations by leasing laundry rooms
from building owners and property management companies, typically on a long-
term, renewable basis. In return for the exclusive right to provide these
services, most of the Company contracts provide for commission payments to
the location owners. Commission expense also referred to as rent expense,
the Company single largest expense item, is included in laundry operating
expenses and represents payments to location owners. Commissions may be fixed
amounts or percentages of revenues and are generally paid monthly. Also
included in laundry operating expenses are the costs of machine maintenance
and revenue collection in the route business, including payroll, parts,
insurance and other related expenses, the costs of sales associated with the
equipment distribution business and certain expenses related to the operation
of retail laundromats. In addition to commission payments, many of the
Company leases require the Company to make advance location payments to the
location owners. These advance payments are capitalized and amortized over the
life of the applicable lease.
Other revenue sources for the Company include: i leasing laundry equipment
and other household appliances and electronic items to corporate relocation
entities, property owners, managers of multi-family housing properties and
individuals approximately $111 million for the 1999 Fiscal Year and $29
million for the 1998 Fiscal Year; ii operating, maintaining and servicing
retail laundromats approximately $202 million for the 1999 Fiscal Year and
$210 million for the 1998 Fiscal Year; and iii constructing complete
turnkey retail laundromats, retrofitting existing retail laundromats,
distributing exclusive lines of commercial coin and non-coin machines and
parts, and selling service contracts approximately $333 million for the 1999
Fiscal Year and $266 million for the 1998 Fiscal Year.                    17 Results of Operations
The following table sets forth for the periods indicated, selected statement
of operations data and EBITDA margin, as percentages of revenue                   Year Ended   Year Ended   Year Ended
March 31, 1999 March 31, 1998 March 28, 1997
100%      100%      100%
Laundry operating expenses.   656      669      674
General and administrative
16      19      22
Depreciation and amortization.   225      232      224
Operating income.   101      75      69
Interest expense, net.   131      137      130
EBITDA margin.   328      312      304 Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 1999 Compared to Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 1998
Revenues increased by approximately 56% for the 1999 Fiscal Year as compared
to the 1998 Fiscal Year. This improvement in revenues resulted primarily from
the Company execution of its acquisition strategy and increased route
revenues resulting from internal expansion. Based on the historical revenues
of acquired businesses, the Company estimates that approximately $1620
million or 90% of its revenue increase for the 1999 Fiscal Year is primarily
due to the National Coin Acquisition July 1997, the ALI Acquisition January
1998, the Macke Acquisition March 1998, the Cleanco Acquisition May 1998
and the G Acquisition June 1998. In addition, during the 1999 Fiscal Year,
the Company installed machine base increased by approximately 23,300
machines from internal growth excluding the machines added from the above-
mentioned acquisitions during such period as compared to an increase of
approximately 19,500 machines from internal growth during the prior year
corresponding period. Included in internal growth are acquisitions of small,
local route operators and new customers secured by the Company sales force.
Laundry operating expenses increased by approximately 53% for the 1999
Fiscal Year, as compared to the 1998 Fiscal Year. This increase was due
primarily to an increase in commission expense, related to the acquisitions
mentioned above. However, as a percentage of revenues, laundry operating
expenses were approximately 656% for the 1999 Fiscal Year as compared to
669% for the 1998 Fiscal Year. This change was primarily due to cost
efficiencies related to the consolidation of the acquisitions noted above into
the Company operations.
General and administrative expenses increased by approximately $18 million
or 29% for the 1999 Fiscal Year as compared to the 1998 Fiscal Year. The
increase for the year was due to various costs and expenses related to i the
Company acquisition strategy, including systems development and refinement
relating to the integration of prior acquisitions and ii accounting,
management information systems and other administrative functions associated
with the Company growth. However, as a percentage of revenues, general and
administrative expenses were 16% for the 1999 Fiscal Year as compared to 19%
for the 1998 Fiscal Year. This change was primarily due to cost efficiencies
related to the consolidation of the acquisitions noted above into the
Company operations.
Depreciation and amortization increased by approximately 50% for the 1999
Fiscal Year, as compared to the 1998 Fiscal Year, due primarily to contract
rights and goodwill associated with the acquisitions mentioned above, as well
as an increase in capital expenditures with respect to the Company installed
base of machines.
Interest expense, net, increased by approximately 48% for the 1999 Fiscal
Year, as compared to the 1998 Fiscal Year, due primarily to increased
borrowing levels under the Amended and Restated Credit Facility in connection
with certain acquisitions, as well as the increased interest expense due to
the Bond Offering as defined herein. See Management Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations--Liquidity and
Capital Resources--Financing Activities--Senior Note Offering and Exchange
Offer.                    18  EBITDA/2/ before deduction for stock-based compensation charges was
approximately $1657 million for the 1999 Fiscal Year as compared to
approximately $1014 million for the 1998 Fiscal Year, representing an
improvement of approximately 63%. EBITDA margins improved to approximately
328% of revenues for the current year compared to approximately 312% of
revenues for the prior year. These increases were primarily due to the effect
of cost efficiencies related to the consolidation of the above mentioned
acquisitions into the Company operations, as well as internal growth.
Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 1998 Compared to Fiscal Year Ended March 28, 1997
Revenues increased by approximately 57% for the 1998 Fiscal Year, as
compared to the 1997 Fiscal Year. This improvement in revenues resulted
primarily from the Company execution of its acquisition strategy and
increased route revenues resulting from internal expansion. Based on the
historical revenues of acquired businesses, the Company estimates that
approximately $1030 million of its revenue increase for the 1998 Fiscal Year
was primarily due to the Kwik Wash Acquisition January 1997, the Reliable
Acquisition April 1997 and the National Coin Acquisition July 1997. The
ALI Acquisition January 1998 and the Macke Acquisition March 1998 also
contributed to the revenue increase, but had minimal impact due to the timing
of these transactions. In addition, during the 1998 Fiscal Year, the Company
installed machine base increased by approximately 19,500 machines from
internal growth excluding the machines added from the Macke Acquisition, the
Reliable Acquisition, the ALI Acquisition and the National Coin Acquisition
during such period as compared to an increase of approximately 7,500 machines
from internal growth during the prior year corresponding period. Included in
internal growth are acquisitions of small, local route operators and new
customers secured by the Company sales force.
Laundry operating expenses increased by approximately 56% for the 1998
Fiscal Year as compared to the 1997 Fiscal Year. This increase was due
primarily to an increase in commission expense, related to the Macke
Acquisition, the Kwik Wash Acquisition, the Reliable Acquisition, the ALI
Acquisition and the National Coin Acquisition.
General and administrative expenses increased by approximately $16 million
or 34% for the 1998 Fiscal Year, as compared to the 1997 Fiscal Year. The
increase for the year was due to various expenses associated with i costs
and expenses relating to the Company acquisition strategy, including systems
development and refinement relating to the integration of prior acquisitions
and ii additional expenses, such as accounting, management information
systems and other administrative functions related to the Company growth.
However, as a percentage of revenues, general and administrative expenses were
19% for the 1998 Fiscal Year as compared to 22% for the 1997 Fiscal Year.
Depreciation and amortization increased by approximately 63% for the 1998
Fiscal Year as compared to the 1997 Fiscal Year, due primarily to contract
rights and goodwill associated with the Macke Acquisition, the Kwik Wash
Acquisition, the Reliable Acquisition, the ALI Acquisition and the National
Coin Acquisition, as well as an increase in capital expenditures in respect of
the Company installed base of machines.
The extraordinary items for the 1997 Fiscal Year consisted of costs related
to the extinguishment of debt in February 1997 and the termination of the then
existing revolving credit facility.
- 2/ EBITDA represents earnings from continuing operations before deductions
for interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization. EBITDA is
used by management and certain investors as an indicator of a company
historical ability to service debt. Management believes that an
increase in EBITDA is an indication of a company improved ability to
service existing debt, to sustain potential future increases in debt
and to satisfy capital requirements. However, EBITDA is not intended to
represent cash flows for the period, nor has it been presented as an
alternative to either a operating income as determined by generally
accepted accounting principles as an indicator of operating
performance or b cash flows from operating, investing and financing
activities as determined by generally accepted accounting principles
as a measure of liquidity. Given that EBITDA is not a measurement
determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
and is thus susceptible to varying calculations, EBITDA as presented
may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other
companies.
19  Interest expense, net, increased by approximately 66% for the 1998 Fiscal
Year, as compared to the 1997 Fiscal Year, due primarily to increased
borrowing levels under the Amended and Restated Credit Facility in connection
with certain acquisitions, as well as the increased interest due to the Bond
Offering. See Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations--Liquidity and Capital Resources--Financing Activities Senior Note Offering and Exchange Offer.
EBITDA/2/ before deduction for stock-based compensation charges was
approximately $1014 million for the 1998 Fiscal Year as compared to
approximately $628 million for the 1997 Fiscal Year, representing an increase
of approximately 61%. EBITDA margins improved to approximately 312% of
revenues for the current year compared to approximately 304% of revenues for
the prior year.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
The Company continues to have substantial indebtedness and debt service
requirements. At March 31, 1999, the Company had outstanding long-term debt of
approximately $6875 million excluding the premium, net, of approximately
$80 million and stockholders' equity of approximately $480 million.
Financing Activities
Senior Notes
On October 8, 1997, Coinmach completed a private placement the Bond
Offering of $100 million aggregate principal amount of Series C Notes on
substantially identical terms as its Series B Notes. The gross proceeds from
the Bond Offering were $109875 million, of which $1000 million represented
the principal amount outstanding and $9875 million represented the payment of
a premium. Coinmach used approximately $1054 million of the net proceeds from
the Bond Offering to repay indebtedness outstanding under its senior financing
arrangement.
On December 23, 1997, Coinmach commenced an offer to exchange the Exchange
Offer up to $2967 million excluding the premium on the Series C Notes
discussed above of its 11 3/4% Senior Notes for any and all of its Series B
Notes and its Series C Notes. The Exchange Offer expired on February 6, 1998,
and, as of such date, the holders of 100% of the outstanding Series B Notes
and Series C Notes tendered such notes in the Exchange Offer for 11 3/4%
Senior Notes.
The 11 3/4% Senior Notes, which mature on November 15, 2005, are unsecured
senior obligations of Coinmach and are redeemable, at the Company option, in
whole or in part at any time or from time to time, on and after November 15,
2000, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days notice, at the redemption
prices set forth in that certain indenture, dated as of November 30, 1995, by
and between Coinmach Corporation and Fleet National Bank of Connecticut
formerly, Shawmut Bank Connecticut, National Association, as Trustee the
Indenture, plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon, if any,
to the date of redemption.
The Indenture contains a number of restrictive covenants and agreements,
including covenants with respect to the following matters: i limitation on
indebtedness; ii limitation on certain payments in the form of the
declaration or payment of certain dividends or distributions on the capital
stock of Coinmach Corporation or its subsidiaries, the purchase, redemption or
other acquisition of any capital stock of Coinmach Corporation, the voluntary
prepayment of subordinated indebtedness, or an Investment as defined in the
Indenture in any other person or entity; iii limitation on transactions
with affiliates; iv limitation on liens; v limitation on sales of assets;
vi limitation on sale and leaseback transactions; vii limitation on
conduct of business; viii limitation on dividends and other payment
restrictions affecting subsidiaries; and ix limitation on consolidations,
mergers and sales of substantially all of the assets of Coinmach Corporation.
The events of default under the Indenture include provisions that are
typical of senior unsecured debt financings. Upon the occurrence and
continuance of certain events of default, the trustee or the holders of not
less than 25% in aggregate principal amount of outstanding 11 3/4% Senior
Notes may declare all unpaid principal and accrued interest on all of the 11
3/4% Senior Notes to be immediately due and payable.
20  Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control as defined in the Indenture,
each holder of 11 3/4% Senior Notes will have the right to require that the
Company purchase all or a portion of such holder 11 3/4% Senior Notes
pursuant to the offer described in the Indenture, at a purchase price equal to
101% of the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any,
to the date of repurchase.
Amended and Restated Credit Facility
The Company existing credit facility with Bankers Trust Company Banker
Trust, First Union National Bank of North Carolina First Union and
certain other lending institutions, as amended the Amended and Restated
Credit Facility, provides for an aggregate of $435 million of secured
financing consisting of: i a $35 million working capital revolving credit
facility currently bearing interest at an annual rate of LIBOR plus 175 ii a $125 million acquisition revolving credit facility currently bearing
interest at an annual rate of LIBOR plus 175%; iii a $75 million Tranche A
term loan facility currently bearing interest at an annual rate of LIBOR plus
225% and iv a $200 million Tranche B term loan facility currently bearing
interest at an annual rate of LIBOR plus 250%. The Amended and Restated
Credit Facility also provides for up to $10 million of letter of credit
financings. These interest rates are subject to change from time to time and
may increase by 25 basis points or decrease up to 75 basis points based on
certain financial ratios set forth in the Amended and Restated Credit
Facility. Under the Amended and Restated Credit Facility, the working capital
revolver and the acquisition revolver mature on December 31, 2003, the Tranche
A term loan matures on December 31, 2004 and the Tranche B term loan matures
on June 30, 2005. In May 1999, the lenders under the Amended and Restated
Credit Facility gave their consent to permit the Company to borrow on or prior
to May 28, 1999 up to $125 million under the existing acquisition revolver
for working capital purposes.
Interest on the Company borrowings under the Amended and Restated Credit
Facility is payable quarterly in arrears with respect to Base Rate Loans and
the last day of each applicable interest period with respect to Eurodollar
Loans and at a rate per annum no greater than the sum of the Applicable Base
Rate Margin plus the Base Rate or the sum of the Applicable Eurodollar Margin
plus the Eurodollar Rate in each case, as defined in the Amended and Restated
Credit Facility.
At March 31, 1999, the monthly variable LIBOR interest rate was
approximately 494%.
To manage its exposure to fluctuations in interest rates, the Company
entered into interest rate swap agreements, relating to its variable rate debt
portfolio. On February 23, 1998, the Company entered into a 33 month $75
million notional amount interest rate swap transaction with Bankers Trust to
fix the monthly LIBOR interest rate under the Amended and Restated Credit
Facility at 571%. On March 2, 1998, the Company entered into a 32 month, $100
million notional amount interest rate swap transaction with First Union to fix
the monthly LIBOR interest rate under a portion of the Amended and Restated
Credit Facility at 583% the March Swap Agreement. On April 7, 1998, the
Company entered into a 31 month, $75 million notional amount interest rate
swap transaction with Bankers Trust to fix the monthly LIBOR interest rate
under a portion of the Amended and Restated Credit Facility at 575%. On
September 15, 1998, the Company amended the March Swap Agreement to increase
the notional amount to $175 million and to reduce the fixed monthly LIBOR
interest rate to 5515%. The new expiration date is November 15, 2002. The
Company does not use derivative financial instruments for trading purposes.
Indebtedness under the Amended and Restated Credit Facility is secured by
all of the Company real and personal property. Under the Amended and
Restated Credit Facility, the Company has pledged to Bankers Trust, as
Collateral Agent, its interests in all of the issued and outstanding shares of
capital stock of the Company.
Subject to the terms and conditions of the Amended and Restated Credit
Facility, the Company may, at its option, convert Base Rate Loans as defined
in the Amended and Restated Credit Facility into Eurodollar Loans as defined
in the Amended and Restated Credit Facility. Interest on the Company
borrowings under the Amended and Restated Credit Facility is payable at a rate
per annum no greater than the sum of the Applicable
21 Base Rate Margin plus the Base Rate or the sum of the Applicable Eurodollar
Margin plus the Eurodollar Rate in each case, as defined in the Amended and
Restated Credit Facility.
The Amended and Restated Credit Facility contains a number of restrictive
covenants and agreements, including covenants with respect to limitations on
i indebtedness; ii certain payments in the form of the declaration or
payment of certain dividends or distributions on the capital stock of Coinmach
Laundry or its subsidiaries or the purchase, redemption or other acquisition
of any capital stock of Coinmach Laundry or its subsidiaries; iii voluntary
prepayments of previously existing indebtedness; iv Investments as defined
in the Amended and Restated Credit Facility; v transactions with
affiliates; vi liens; vii sales or purchases of assets; viii conduct of
business; ix dividends and other payment restrictions affecting
subsidiaries; x consolidations and mergers; xi capital expenditures; xii
issuances of certain equity securities of the Company; and xiii creation of
subsidiaries. The Amended and Restated Credit Facility also requires that the
Company satisfy certain financial ratios, including a maximum leverage ratio
and a minimum consolidated interest coverage ratio.
The Amended and Restated Credit Facility contains certain events of default,
including the following: i the failure of the Company to pay any of its
obligations under the Amended and Restated Credit Facility when due; ii
certain failures by the Company to pay principal or interest on indebtedness
or certain breaches or defaults by the Company in respect of certain
indebtedness, in each case, after the expiration of any applicable grace
periods; iii certain defaults by the Company in the performance or
observance of the agreements or covenants under the Amended and Restated
Credit Facility or related agreements, beyond any applicable cure periods;
iv the falsity in any material respect of certain of the Company
representations or warranties under the Amended and Restated Credit Facility;
v certain judgments against the Company; and vi certain events of
bankruptcy or insolvency of the Company.
Operating and Investing Activities
The Company level of indebtedness will have several important effects on
its future operations including, but not limited to, the following: i a
significant portion of the Company cash flow from operations will be
required to pay interest on its indebtedness; ii the financial covenants
contained in certain of the agreements governing the Company indebtedness
will require the Company to meet certain financial tests and may limit its
ability to borrow additional funds or to dispose of assets; iii the
Company ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working
capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or general corporate purposes may
be impaired; and iv the Company ability to adapt to changes in the
outsourced laundry equipment services industry and to economic conditions in
general could be limited.
As the Company has focused on increasing its cash flow from operating
activities, it has made significant capital investments, consisting primarily
of capital expenditures related to acquisitions, renewals and growth. The
Company anticipates that it will continue to utilize cash flows from
operations to finance its capital expenditures and working capital needs,
including interest payments on its outstanding indebtedness. Capital
expenditures for the 1999 Fiscal Year were approximately $1846 million
including approximately $29 million relating to capital lease obligations.
Of such amount, the Company spent approximately $975 million in acquisition
and related transaction costs, primarily due to the G Acquisition and the
Cleanco Acquisition, and approximately $241 million related to the net
increase in the installed base of machines of 23,300 machines. The balance of
approximately $600 million which consists of machine expenditures, advance
location payments and laundry room improvements was used to maintain the
existing machine base in current locations and through replacement of
discontinued locations and for general corporate purposes. The full impact on
revenues and cash flow generated from capital expended on acquisitions and the
net increase in the installed base are not expected to be reflected in the
Company financial results until subsequent reporting periods, depending on
certain factors, including the timing of the capital expended. The Company
anticipates that capital expenditures, excluding acquisitions and internal
growth, will be approximately $640 million for the twelve months ending March
31, 2000. Such increase relative to the 1999 Fiscal Year is attributable
primarily to the Company recent acquisition
22 activities. While the Company estimates that it will generate sufficient cash
flows from operations to finance anticipated capital expenditures, there can
be no assurances that it will be able to do so.
The Company working capital requirements are, and are expected to continue
to be, minimal since a significant portion of the Company operating expenses
are not paid until after cash is collected from the installed machines. In
connection with certain of the financing agreements governing the Company
indebtedness, the Company is required to make monthly cash interest payments
as required by the Amended and Restated Credit Facility and semi-annual cash
interest payments as required by the 11 3/4% Senior Notes.
Management believes that the Company future operating activities will
generate sufficient cash flow to repay indebtedness outstanding under the 11
3/4% Senior Notes and borrowings under the Amended and Restated Credit
Facility or to permit any necessary refinancings thereof. An inability of the
Company, however, to comply with covenants or other conditions contained in
the indentures governing the 11 3/4% Senior Notes or in the credit agreement
evidencing the Amended and Restated Credit Facility could result in an
acceleration of all amounts due thereunder. If the Company is unable to meet
its debt service obligations, it could be required to take certain actions
such as reducing or delaying capital expenditures, selling assets, refinancing
or restructuring its indebtedness, selling additional equity capital or other
actions. There is no assurance that any of such actions could be effected on
commercially reasonable terms or on terms permitted under the Amended and
Restated Credit Facility or the indentures governing the 11 3/4% Senior Notes.
Certain Accounting Treatment
The Company depreciation and amortization expenses, aggregating
approximately $1134 million for the 1999 Fiscal Year, have the effect of
reducing net income but not operating cash flow. In accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles, a significant amount of the purchase price of
businesses acquired by the Company is allocated to contract rights, which
costs are amortized over periods of up to 15 years.
Year 2000 Compliance
The year 2000 issue is the result of computer programs being written using
two digits rather than four to define the applicable year. Computer programs
that have time-sensitive software may recognize a date using 00 as the year
1900 rather than the year 2000. The Company comprehensive year 2000
initiative is being managed by a team of internal staff and outside
consultants. The team activities are designed to ensure that there is no
adverse effect on the Company core business operations and that transactions
with customers, suppliers and financial institutions are fully supported.
During the 1999 Fiscal Year, the Company assessed the year 2000 readiness of
its information technology IT and non-IT systems. The Company determined
that it needed to modify significant portions of its IT systems so that such
systems will function properly with respect to dates in the year 2000 and
beyond. The Company has substantially completed its IT systems transformation
and is currently verifying the year 2000 compliance of these systems.
In addition, as part of its year 2000 initiative, the Company has contacted
its significant suppliers, customers and financial institutions to ensure that
those parties have appropriate plans to remediate year 2000 issues where their
systems interface with the Company systems or otherwise impact its
operations. The Company is continuing to assess the extent to which its
operations are vulnerable should those organizations fail to properly address
their year 2000 readiness. Based on this review, the Company does not expect
the computer systems of those operations to have a material adverse effect on
the Companies operations.
While the Company believes its planning efforts are adequate to address the
year 2000 issue, there can be no guarantee that its computer systems or the
computer systems of other companies on which the Company systems and
operations rely will be converted on a timely basis and will not have a
material effect on the operations of the Company. The cost of the year 2000
initiative is not expected to be material to the Company results of
operation, financial condition or the cash flows.                    23 Inflation and Seasonality
In general, the Company laundry operating expenses and general and
administrative expenses are affected by inflation, and the effects of
inflation may be experienced by the Company in future periods. Management
believes that such effects will not be material to the Company. The Company
business generally is not seasonal.
Forward Looking Statements
Certain statements and information contained in this Form 10-K and other
reports and statements filed by the Company from time to time with the
Securities and Exchange Commission collectively, SEC Filings contain or
may contain certain forward looking statements and information that are based
on the beliefs of the Company management as well as estimates and
assumptions made by, and information currently available to, the Company
management. Forward looking statements are those that are not historical
facts. When used in SEC Filings, the words anticipate, project, believe,
estimate, expect, future, intend, plan and similar expressions, as
they relate to the Company or the Company management, identify forward
looking statements. Such statements reflect the current views of the Company
with respect to future events and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties
and assumptions relating to the Company operations and results of
operations, competitive factors, shifts in market demand, and other risks and
uncertainties that may be beyond the Company control. Such risks and
uncertainties, together with any risks and uncertainties specifically
identified in the text surrounding such forward looking statements, include,
but are not limited to, the Company ability to satisfy its debt service
requirements, the costs of integration of acquired businesses and realization
of anticipated synergies, increased competition, availability of capital to
finance capital expenditures necessary to increase and maintain the Company
operating machine base, the rate of growth in general and administrative
expenses due to the Company business expansion, the Company dependence
upon lease renewals, risks of extended periods of reduced occupancy levels,
and the ability of the Company to implement its business strategy, including
the acquisition and successful integration and operation of acquired
businesses. Other risks and uncertainties also include changes or developments
in social, economic, business, industry, market, legal and regulatory
circumstances and conditions and actions taken or omitted to be taken by third
parties, including the Company stockholders, customers, suppliers,
competitors, legislative, regulatory, judicial and other governmental
authorities. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize,
or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, the Company future
performance and actual results of operations may vary significantly from those
anticipated, projected, believed, estimated, expected, intended or planned.
ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
The Company principal exposure to market risk relates to changes in
interest rates on its borrowings. The Company cash flow would be adversely
affected by an increase in interest rates. As of March 31, 1999, the Company
had $590 million outstanding relating to its variable rate debt portfolio.
The Company future earnings, cash flow and fair values relevant to
financial instruments are dependent upon prevalent market rates. Market risk
is the risk of loss from adverse changes in market prices and interest rates.
If market rates of interest on the Company variable rate debt increased by
20% or 200 basis points, the Company annual interest expense would change
by approximately $12 million, assuming the amount outstanding was $590
million, the balance as of March 31, 1999. The Company utilizes interest rate
swap agreements to manage its exposure to these risks.
On February 23, 1998, the Company entered into a 33-month $75 million
notional amount interest rate swap transaction with Bankers Trust to fix the
monthly LIBOR interest rate under the Amended and Restated Credit Facility at
571%. On March 2, 1998, the Company entered into a 32-month, $100 million
notional amount interest rate swap transaction with First Union to fix the
monthly LIBOR interest rate under a portion of the Amended and Restated Credit
Facility at 583%. On April 7, 1998, the Company entered into a 31-month, $75
million notional amount interest rate swap transaction with Bankers Trust to
fix the monthly LIBOR interest rate under a portion of the Amended and
Restated Credit Facility at 575%. On September 15, 1998, the Company
24 amended the March 2, 1998 swap agreement with First Union to increase the
notional amount to $175 million and to reduce the fixed monthly LIBOR interest
rate to 5515%. The new expiration date is November 15, 2002.
The Company fixed debt instruments are not generally affected by a change
in the market rates of interest, and therefore, such instruments generally do
not have an impact on future earnings. However, as fixed rate debt matures,
future earnings and cash flows may be impacted by changes in interest rates
related to debt acquired to fund repayments under maturing facilities.
The Company does not use derivative financial instruments for trading
purposes and is not exposed to foreign currency exchange risk.
Item 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS
None.
11                   PART II
Item 5. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
None.
25                  PART III
