Item8Financial Statements and Supplementary DataPageReport of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm87Consolidated Balance Sheets88Consolidated Statements of Income89Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income90Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity91Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows92Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements9386Table of ContentsREPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRMTo the Board of Directors and Shareholders ofApollo Group, Inc. and SubsidiariesPhoenix, ArizonaWe have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Apollo Group, Inc. and subsidiaries the Company as of August31, 2012and 2011, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended August31, 2012. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Companys management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Apollo Group, Inc. and subsidiaries as of August31, 2012and 2011, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended August31, 2012, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the Companys internal control over financial reporting as of August31, 2012, based on the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated October22, 2012expressed an unqualified opinion on the Companys internal control over financial reporting./s/DELOITTE TOUCHE LLPPhoenix, ArizonaOctober22, 201287Table of ContentsAPOLLO GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESCONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETSAs of August31,In  assetsCash and cash  cash and cash  receivable, net198,279215,567Prepaid taxes26,34135,629Deferred tax assets, current portion69,052124,137Other current assets49,60944,382Total current  and equipment, net571,629553,027Marketable  assets, net149,034121,117Deferred tax assets, less current portion77,62870,949Other assets22,75014,584Total  AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY:Current liabilitiesShort-term borrowings and current portion of long-term debt$638,588$419,318Accounts payable74,87269,551Student  revenue254,555293,436Accrued and other current  current  debt81,323179,691Deferred tax liabilities15,88126,400Other long-term   and contingenciesShareholders equityPreferred stock, no par value, 1,000shares authorized; none issuedApollo Group ClassA nonvoting common stock, no par value, 400,000shares authorized; 188,007 issued as of August31, 2012 and 2011, and 111,768 and 130,004 outstanding as of August31, 2012 and 2011, respectively103103Apollo Group ClassB voting common stock, no par value, 3,000 shares authorized; 475 issued and outstanding as of August31, 2012 and 201111Additional paid-in capital93,77068,724Apollo Group ClassA treasury stock, at cost, 76,239 and 58,003 shares as of August31, 2012 and 2011,   other comprehensive loss30,03423,761Total Apollo shareholders  deficit interests4,0553,625Total equity924,3231,243,989Total liabilities and shareholders equity$2,868,322$3,269,706The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements88Table of ContentsAPOLLO GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESCONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOMEYear Ended August31,In thousands, except per share data201220112010Net  and expenses:Instructional and student   and  and  for uncollectible accounts  and other charges38,69522,913Goodwill and other intangibles  charge credit, net4,72511,951177,982Total costs and   income1,1872,8842,920Interest  net4761,588685Income from continuing operations before income  for income  from continuing  loss from discontinued operations, net of tax33,8236,70913,886Net  loss attributable to noncontrolling interests5,67236,63131,421Net income attributable to  loss per share Basic:Continuing operations attributable to  operations attributable to Apollo024004009Basic income per share attributable to Apollo$348$405$364Earnings loss per share Diluted:Continuing operations attributable to  operations attributable to Apollo023004009Diluted income per share attributable to Apollo$345$404$362Basic weighted average shares  weighted average shares  accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements89Table of ContentsAPOLLO GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESCONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOMEYear Ended August31,$ in thousands201220112010Net  comprehensive income loss net of tax:Currency translation loss  in fair value of marketable securities463369Comprehensive  loss attributable to noncontrolling  income attributable to  accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements90Table of ContentsAPOLLO GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESCONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITYCommon StockApollo GroupTreasury StockClass A NonvotingClass B VotingAdditional Paid-in CapitalApollo Group Class AAccumulated Other Comprehensive  LossTotal Apollo Shareholders EquityNon-controlling Deficit InterestsStated ValueStated ValueRetained EarningsTotal EquityIn  as of August31,  stock  stock issued under stock purchase  stock issued under stock incentive  tax effect for stock incentive plans4,5014,5014,501Tax benefit related to IRS dispute   translation adjustment, net of  in fair value of marketable securities, net of tax369369369Noncontrolling interest contributions2,4602,460Net income  as of August31,  stock  stock issued under stock purchase  stock issued under stock incentive  tax effect for stock incentive   translation adjustment, net of tax6,9526,9526917,643Change in fair value of marketable securities, net of tax463463463Noncontrolling interest contributions6,8756,875Net income  as of August31,  stock  stock issued under stock purchase  stock issued under stock incentive  tax effect for stock incentive   translation adjustment, net of  income  as of August31,  accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements91Table of ContentsAPOLLO GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESCONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWSYear Ended August31,$ in thousands201220112010Cash flows provided by used in operating activities:Net  to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:Share-based  tax benefits from share-based  and  of lease  of deferred gains on  on discontinued operations9,400Goodwill and other intangibles  foreign currency gain loss, net4971,662643Gain on sale of discontinued operations26,678Provision for uncollectible accounts  charge credit,  income  in assets and liabilities, excluding the impact of acquisitions and business dispositions:Restricted cash and cash   taxes9,30325,24110,421Other     and other  cash provided by operating  flows provided by used in investing activities:Additions to property and  net of cash  of marketable securities10,0005,000Proceeds from sale-leaseback, net169,018Proceeds from dispositions,  of letter of credit126,615126,615Other investing activities1,694Net cash used in provided by investing  flows provided by used in financing activities:Payments on  from  Group ClassA common stock purchased for  of Apollo Group ClassA common  interest contributions6,8752,460Excess tax benefits from share-based  cash used in financing  rate effect on cash and cash equivalents4687121,697Net decrease increase in cash and cash  and cash equivalents, beginning of  and cash equivalents, end of  disclosure of cash flow and non-cash informationCash paid for income taxes, net of  paid for  lease  stock units vested and  received for tenant  incurred for acquired technology$14,389$$The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements92Table of ContentsAPOLLO GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSNote 1. Nature of OperationsApollo Group, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries and majority-owned subsidiaries, collectively referred to herein as the Company, Apollo Group, Apollo, APOL, we, us or our, has been an education provider for approximately 40 years. We offer innovative and distinctive educational programs and services both online and on-campus at the undergraduate, masters and doctoral levels principally through the following wholly-owned educational subsidiaries:The University of Phoenix, Inc. University of Phoenix;Institute for Professional Development IPD; andThe College for Financial Planning Institutes Corporation CFFP.On September 12, 2011, we acquired all of the outstanding stock of Carnegie Learning, Inc. Carnegie Learning, a publisher of research-based math curricula and adaptive learning software. The acquisition allows us to accelerate our efforts to incorporate adaptive learning into our academic platform and to provide tools which we believe will help raise student achievement levels, and support improved retention and graduation rates at University of Phoenix. Refer to Note 5, Acquisitions. In addition, we are developing a business, Apollo Education Services, through which we intend to begin providing a variety of educational delivery services to other higher education institutions.In addition to these wholly-owned educational subsidiaries, we have a joint venture with The Carlyle Group Carlyle called Apollo Global, Inc. Apollo Global, to pursue investments primarily in the international education services industry. As of August 31, 2012, Apollo Group and Carlyle owned 856%and 144%of Apollo Global, respectively. Apollo Global is consolidated in our financial statements. We offer educational programs and services through the following wholly-owned subsidiaries of Apollo Global:BPP Holdings Limited BPP in the United Kingdom U.K.;Western International University, Inc. Western International University in the U.S.;Universidad Latinoamericana ULA in Mexico; andUniversidad de Artes, Ciencias y Comunicacin UNIACC in Chile.On December3, 2011, Apollo Global entered into an agreement with HT Media Limited, an Indian media company, to participate in a start-up, 50:50joint venture intended to develop and provide educational services and programs in India.HT Media Limited, which is based in New Delhi, India, publishes the Hindustan Times, Hindustanand Mintnewspapers, among other business activities.Subsequent to August 31, 2012, we purchased Carlyles remaining ownership interest in Apollo Global for $425million cash, plus a contingent payment based on a portion of Apollo Globals operating results through the fiscal years ending August 31, 2017. This transaction will be accounted for as an equity transaction resulting in the removal of Carlyles noncontrolling interest from our Consolidated Balance Sheets.Our fiscal year is from September 1 to August31. Unless otherwise stated, references to the years 2012, 2011and 2010relate to fiscal years 2012, 2011and 2010, respectively.Note 2. Significant Accounting PoliciesBasis of PresentationThese financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP.Principles of ConsolidationThe consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Apollo Group, Inc., its wholly-owned subsidiaries, and subsidiaries that we control. Interests in our subsidiaries that we control are reported using the full-consolidation method. We fully consolidate the results of operations and the assets and liabilities of these subsidiaries on our consolidated financial statements. Intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation.Use of EstimatesThe preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the 93Table of ContentsAPOLLO GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continueddate of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from these estimates.Revenue RecognitionOur educational programs, primarily composed of University of Phoenix programs, are designed to range in length from one-day seminars to degree programs lasting up to four years. Students in University of Phoenix degree programs generally enroll in a program of study encompassing a series of five- to nine-week courses taken consecutively over the length of the program. Generally, students are billed on a course-by-course basis when the student first attends a session, resulting in the recording of a receivable from the student and deferred revenue in the amount of the billing. University of Phoenix students generally fund their education through loans and/or grants from U.S. federal financial aid programs established by Title IV of the Higher Education Act and regulations promulgated thereunder Title IV, military benefit programs, tuition assistance from their employers, or personal funds.Net revenue consists principally of tuition and fees associated with different educational programs as well as related educational resources such as access to online materials, books, and study texts. Net revenue is shown net of discounts. Tuition benefits for our employees and their eligible dependents are included in net revenue and instructional and student advisory expenses. Total employee tuition benefits were $711 million, $970 millionand $1003 millionfor fiscal years 2012, 2011and 2010, respectively.The following describes the components of our net revenue, which are generally consistent on a percentage basis for all periods presented:Tuition and educational services revenuerepresents approximately 91%of our gross consolidated revenue before discounts, and encompasses both online and on-campus classroom-based learning. For our University of Phoenix operations, tuition revenue is recognized over the period of instruction as services are delivered to students.For our Apollo Global operations, tuition revenue is generally recognized over the length of the course and/or program, which may vary depending on the program structure.Educational materials revenuerepresents approximately 7%of our gross consolidated revenue before discounts, and relates to online course materials delivered to students over the period of instruction. Revenue associated with these materials is recognized pro rata over the period of the related course to correspond with delivery of the materials to students. Educational materials revenue also includes the sale of various books, study texts, course notes, and CDs for which we recognize revenue when the materials have been delivered to and accepted by students or other customers.Services revenuerepresents approximately 1%of our gross consolidated revenue before discounts. Services revenue represents net revenue generated by IPD, which provides program development, administration and management consulting services to private colleges and universities IPD Client Institutions to establish or expand their programs for working learners. These services typically include degree program design, curriculum development, market research, certain student admissions services, accounting, and administrative services. Prior to July 1, 2011, IPD was typically paid a portion of the tuition revenue generated from these programs, and the portion of service revenue to which IPD was entitled under the terms of the contract was recognized as the services were provided. As a result of U.S. Department of Education regulations that became effective on July 1, 2011, IPDs revenue is generated based on fixed fee contracts with IPD Client Institutions and is recognized on a straight line basis over the term of the contract as the services are provided. The term for these fixed fee contracts range from one to five years with provisions for renewal thereafter.Other revenuerepresents approximately 1%of our gross consolidated revenue before discounts. Other revenue consists of the fees students pay when submitting an enrollment application, which, along with the related application costs associated with processing the applications, are deferred and recognized over the average length of time a student remains enrolled in a program of study. Other revenue also includes non-tuition generating revenues, such as renting classroom space and other student support services. Revenue from these sources is recognized as the services are provided.Discountsrepresent approximately 6%of our gross consolidated revenue. Discounts reflect reductions in charges for tuition or other fees from our standard rates and include military, corporate, and other employer discounts, along with institutional scholarships, grants and promotions.University of Phoenixs refund policy permits students who attend 60%or less of a course to be eligible for a refund for the portion of the course they did not attend. Refunds result in a reduction in deferred revenue during the period that a student 94Table of ContentsAPOLLO GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continueddrops or withdraws from a class because associated tuition revenue is recognized pro rata over the period of instruction as the services are delivered. This refund policy applies to students in most, but not all states, as some states require different policies. Generally, net revenue varies from period to period based on several factors, including the aggregate number of students attending classes, the number of classes held during the period, and the tuition price per credit.Sales tax collected from students is excluded from net revenue. Collected but unremitted sales tax is included as a liability in our Consolidated Balance Sheets and is not material to our consolidated financial statements.Allowance for Doubtful AccountsOur accounts receivable is reduced by an allowance for amounts that we expect to become uncollectible in the future. We use estimates that are subjective and require judgment in determining the allowance for doubtful accounts, which are principally based on historical collection experience, historical write-offs of our receivables and current trends. Our accounts receivable are written off once the account is deemed to be uncollectible, which typically occurs after outside collection agencies have pursued collection for approximately six months.When a student with Title IV loans withdraws, Title IV rules determine if we are required to return a portion of Title IV funds to the lender. We are then entitled to collect these funds from the students, but collection rates for these types of receivables is significantly lower than our collection rates for receivables for students who remain in our educational programs.Our estimation methodology uses a statistical model that considers a number of factors that we believe impact whether receivables will become uncollectible based on our collections experience. These factors include, but are not limited to, the students academic performance andprevious college experience as well asother student characteristics such as degree level and method of payment. We also monitor and consider external factors such as changes in the economic and regulatory environment. We routinely evaluate our estimation methodology for adequacy and modify it as necessary. In doing so, our objective is to cause our allowance for doubtful accounts to reflect the amount of receivables that will become uncollectible by considering our most recent collections experience, changes in trends and other relevant facts. Accordingly, we believe our allowance for doubtful accounts reflects our most recent collections experience and is responsive to changes in trends. Refer to Note 6, Accounts Receivable, Net.Cash and Cash EquivalentsWe consider all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents may include money market funds, bank overnight deposits, time deposits and commercial paper, which are all placed with high-credit-quality financial institutions in the U.S. and internationally. Only a negligible portion of these deposits are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. We have not experienced any losses on our cash and cash equivalents. Restricted Cash and Cash EquivalentsRestricted cash and cash equivalents primarily represents funds held for students for unbilled educational services that were received from Title IV financial aid program funds. As a trustee of these Title IV financial aid funds, we are required to maintain and restrict these funds pursuant to the terms of our program participation agreement with the U.S. Department of Education. Restricted cash and cash equivalents are excluded from cash and cash equivalents in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Changes in restricted cash and cash equivalents are included in cash flows from operating activities on our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows because these restricted funds are a core activity of our operations. Our restricted cash and cash equivalents are primarily held in money market funds. We also had restricted cash during fiscal years 2011 and 2010 to collateralize a letter of credit which was posted in fiscal year 2010 in favor of the U.S.Department of Education as required in connection with a program review of University of Phoenix by the Department. The letter of credit was released in fiscal year 2011 and the changes in the associated restricted cash are included in cash flows from investing activities on our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.Property and Equipment, NetProperty and equipment is recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation. Property and equipment under capital leases, and the related obligation, is recorded at an amount equal to the present value of future minimum lease payments. Buildings, furniture, equipment, and software, including internally developed software, are depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets, which range from 3to 40years. Capital leases, leasehold improvements and tenant improvement allowances are amortized using the straight-line method over the shorter of the lease term or the estimated useful lives of the related assets. Construction in progress, excluding software, is recorded at cost until the corresponding asset is 95Table of ContentsAPOLLO GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continuedplaced into service and depreciation begins. Software is recorded at cost and is amortized once the related asset is ready for its intended use. Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred.We capitalize certain internal software development costs consisting primarily of the direct labor associated with creating the internally developed software. Capitalized costs are amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated lives of the software. Software development projects generally include three stages: the preliminary project stage all costs expensed as incurred, the application development stage certain costs capitalized, certain costs expensed as incurred, and the post-implementation/operation stage all costs expensed as incurred. The costs capitalized in the application development stage primarily include the costs of designing the application, coding, installation of hardware, and testing. We capitalize costs incurred during the application development phase of the project as permitted. Refer to Note 7, Property and Equipment, Net.Goodwill and IntangiblesGoodwill represents the excess of the purchase price of an acquired business over the amount assigned to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. At the time of an acquisition, we allocate the goodwill and related assets and liabilities to our respective reporting units. We identify our reporting units by assessing whether the components of our operating segments constitute businesses for which discrete financial information is available and segment management regularly reviews the operating results of those components.Indefinite-lived intangibles are recorded at fair market value on their acquisition date and include trademarks and foreign regulatory accreditations and designations. The substantial majority of our indefinite-lived intangibles consist of trademarks acquired in the BPP and Carnegie Learning acquisitions. We assign indefinite lives to intangibles that we believe have the continued ability to generate cash flows indefinitely; have no legal, regulatory, contractual, economic or other factors limiting the useful life of the respective intangible; and when we intend to renew the respective intangible and renewal can be accomplished at little cost.We assess goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles at least annually for impairment or more frequently if events occur or circumstances change between annual tests that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the respective reporting unit or indefinite-lived intangible below its carrying amount. We perform our annual indefinite-lived intangibles impairment tests on the same dates that we perform our annual goodwill impairment tests for the respective reporting units. With the early adoption in fiscal year 2012 of Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2011-08, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other Topic 350: Testing Goodwill for Impairment, and ASU No. 2012-02, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other Topic 350: Testing Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets for Impairment, we have updated our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible impairment tests to include an option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit or asset, as applicable, is less than its carrying amount. For goodwill, if we conclude that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount based on our qualitative assessment, or that a qualitative assessment should not be performed for a reporting unit, we proceed with performing the two-step quantitative goodwill impairment test. In the first step, we compare the fair value of the reporting unit to the carrying value of its net assets. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds the carrying value of the net assets of the reporting unit, goodwill is not impaired and no further testing is required. If the carrying value of the net assets of the reporting unit exceeds the fair value of the reporting unit, we perform a second step which involves using a hypothetical purchase price allocation to determine the implied fair value of the goodwill and compare it to the carrying value of the goodwill. An impairment loss is recognized to the extent the implied fair value of the goodwill is less than the carrying amount of the goodwill. For indefinite-lived intangibles that we elect to not perform the qualitative assessment or that we conclude are more likely than not to be impaired based on our qualitative assessment, we compare the estimated fair value of the intangible with its carrying value. If the carrying value of the intangible exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess.The process of evaluating the potential impairment of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles is subjective and requires significant judgment at many points during the analysis, including identifying our reporting units, identifying and allocating assets and liabilities to each of our reporting units, performing an optional qualitative assessment, and determining the fair value of our reporting units or intangibles, as applicable. Our goodwill testing process may include the use of industry accepted valuation methods, involvement of various levels of management in different operating functions to review and approve certain criteria and assumptions and, in certain instances, engaging third-party valuation specialists to assist with our analysis.If we elect to perform an optional qualitative analysis for certain reporting units as part of our goodwill impairment testing or for certain indefinite-lived intangibles, we consider many factors in the analysis, including, but not limited to, general economic conditions, industry and market conditions, the Companys stock price, financial performance and key business drivers of the reporting unit, long-term operating plans, and potential changes to significant assumptions used in the most recent fair value analysis for either the reporting unit or respective intangible. 96Table of ContentsAPOLLO GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedWe primarily use an income-based approach consisting of a discounted cash flow valuation method to determine the fair value of our reporting units. We also consider a market-based approach or a combination of both methods. The discounted cash flow valuation method consists of projecting future cash flows for a reporting unit, which may include developing one or multiple sets of cash flow scenarios and applying a reasonable weighting to those scenarios, calculating a terminal value, and discounting such cash flows by a risk-adjusted rate of return. Generally, the market-based approach incorporates information from comparable transactions in the market and publicly traded companies with similar operating and investment characteristics of the reporting unit to develop a multiple which is then applied to the operating performance of the reporting unit to determine value. The determination of fair value of our reporting units consists primarily of using unobservable inputs under the fair value measurement standards.We believe the most critical assumptions and estimates in determining the estimated fair value of our reporting units, include, but are not limited to, the amounts and timing of expected future cash flows for each reporting unit, the probability weightings assigned to cash flow scenarios, the discount rate applied to those cash flows, terminal growth rates, selection of comparable market multiples and applying weighting factors when a combination of valuation methods is used. The assumptions used in determining our expected future cash flows consider various factors such as historical operating trends particularly in student enrollment and pricing, the political environment the reporting unit operates in, anticipated economic and regulatory conditions, accreditation status and reasonable expectations for planned business, and operating strategies and initiatives over a long-term planning horizon. The discount rate used by each reporting unit is based on our assumption of a prudent investors required rate of return of assuming the risk of investing in a particular company in a specific country. The terminal growth rate reflects the sustainable operating income a reporting unit could generate in a perpetual state as a function of revenue growth, inflation and future margin expectations. We also believe the assumptions used in our goodwill impairment tests are consistent with a reasonable market participant view while employing the concept of highest and best use of the asset.We use the relief-from-royalty method to determine the fair value of our trademark intangibles as part of our annual testing process, if applicable. This method estimates the benefit of owning the intangibles rather than paying royalties for the right to use a comparable asset. This method incorporates the use of significant judgments in determining both the projected revenues attributable to the asset, as well as the appropriate discount rate and royalty rates applied to those revenues to determine fair value. The determination of fair value of our indefinite-lived intangibles consists primarily of using unobservable inputs under the fair value measurement standards.Finite-lived intangibles that are acquired in business combinations are recorded at fair market value on their acquisition date and are amortized on either a straight-line basis or using an accelerated method to reflect the pattern in which the economic benefits of the asset are consumed. The weighted average useful life of our finite-lived intangibles that are not fully amortized as of August31, 2012 is 48years.Refer forNote 8, Goodwill and Intangible Assets. Other Long-Lived Asset ImpairmentsWe evaluate the carrying amount of our major other long-lived assets, including property and equipment and finite-lived intangibles, whenever changes in circumstances or events indicate that the value of such assets may not be fully recoverable. Excluding the impairment charge for the UNIACC reporting unit discussed in Note 8, Goodwill and Intangible Assets, we did not recognize any impairment charges for our other long-lived assets during fiscal year 2012. As of August31, 2012, we believe the carrying amounts of our remaining other long-lived assets are fully recoverable and no impairment exists.Share-Based CompensationWe measure and recognize compensation expense for all share-based awards issued to faculty, employees and directors based on estimated fair values of the share awards on the date of grant. We record compensation expense, net of forfeitures, for all share-based awards over the requisite service period using the straight-line method for awards with only a service condition, and the graded vesting attribution method for awards with service and performance conditions97Table of ContentsAPOLLO GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedWe calculate the fair value of share-based awards on the date of grant. For stock options, we typically use the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model to estimate fair value. The Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model requires us to estimate key assumptions such as expected term, volatility, risk-free interest rates and dividend yield to determine the fair value of stock options, based on both historical information and management judgment regarding market factors and trends. We used the following weighted average assumptions for stock options granted in the respective fiscal years:Year Ended August31,201220112010Weighted average fair   term434242Risk-free interest rate06%14%15%Dividend yield00%00%00%Expected Volatility We estimate expected volatility based on a weighted average of our historical volatility and the implied volatility of long-lived call options. We believe this method is the most representative of expected volatility and future stock price trends. Expected Term The expected term of options represents the period of time that the options granted are expected to be outstanding. Prior to fiscal year 2011, we generally used the simplified mid-point method to estimate the expected term of stock options based on our determination that the terms and exercise behavior of our stock options had changed significantly in recent periods, causing our historical exercise data to not be reflective of our expectations of future exercise behavior. The simplified method uses the mid-point between the vesting and contractual terms of the stock options. In fiscal years 2012 and 2011, we estimated the expected term of our stock options granted based primarily on the vesting period of the awards and historical exercise behavior, which did not result in a significant change in our expected term assumption compared to prior years. Risk-Free Interest Rate We use the U.S.constant maturity treasury rates as the risk-free rate interpolated between the years commensurate with the expected life assumptions.Dividend Yield We have determined our dividend yield assumption by considering that we have not historically paid dividends and we have no current plan to pay dividends in the near term.For share-based awards with performance conditions, we measure the fair value of such awards as of the date of grant and amortize share-based compensation expense for our estimate of the number of shares expected to vest. Our estimate of the number of shares that will vest is based on our determination of the probable outcome of the performance condition, which requires considerable judgment. We record a cumulative adjustment to share-based compensation expense in periods that we change our estimate of the number of shares expected to vest. Additionally, we ultimately adjust the expense recognized to reflect the actual vested shares following the resolution of the performance conditions.We estimate expected forfeitures of share-based awards at the grant date and recognize compensation cost only for those awards expected to vest. We estimate our forfeiture rate based on several factors including historical forfeiture activity, expected future employee turnover, and other qualitative factors. We ultimately adjust this forfeiture assumption to actual forfeitures. Therefore, changes in the forfeiture assumptions do not impact the total amount of expense ultimately recognized over the requisite service period. Rather, different forfeiture assumptions only impact the timing of expense recognition over the requisite service period. If the actual forfeitures differ from management estimates, additional adjustments to compensation expense are recorded.Income TaxesWe are subject to the income tax laws of the U.S. and the foreign jurisdictions in which we have significant business operations. These tax laws are complex and subject to different interpretations by the taxpayer and the relevant governmental taxing authorities. As a result, significant judgments and interpretations are required in determining our provision for income taxes and evaluating our uncertain tax positions.The objectives of accounting for income taxes are to recognize the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year and deferred tax liabilities and assets for the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in an entitys financial statements or tax returns. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of 98Table of ContentsAPOLLO GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continueda change in tax rates is recognized in earnings in the period when the new rate is enacted. We record a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that we believe is more likely than not to be realized.We evaluate and account for uncertain tax positions using a two-step approach. Recognition step one occurs when we conclude that a tax position, based solely on its technical merits, is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination. Measurement step two determines the amount of benefit that is greater than 50% likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. Derecognition of a tax position that was previously recognized would occur when we subsequently determine that a tax position no longer meets the more likely than not threshold of being sustained. We classify interest and penalties accrued in connection with unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense in our Consolidated Statements of Income. Refer to Note 12, Income Taxes.Earnings per ShareOur outstanding shares consist of Apollo Group ClassA and ClassB common stock. Our Articles of Incorporation treat the declaration of dividends on the Apollo Group ClassA and ClassB common stock in an identical manner. As such, both the Apollo Group ClassA and ClassB common stock are included in the calculation of our earnings per share. Basic income per share is calculated using the weighted average number of Apollo Group Class A and Class B common shares outstanding during the period.Diluted income per share is calculated similarly except that it includes the dilutive effect of the assumed exercise of stock options and release of restricted stock units and performance share awards issuable under our stock compensation plans by applying the treasury stock method. Our share-based awards with performance conditions are contingently issuable and are included in the calculation of diluted income per share based on our evaluation of the performance criteria as of the end of the respective period. The amount of any tax benefit to be credited to additional paid-in capital related to the exercise of stock options, release of restricted stock units and release of performance share awards, and unrecognized share-based compensation expense is included when applying the treasury stock method in the computation of diluted income per share. Refer to Note 14, Earnings Per Share.LeasesWe lease substantially all of our administrative and educational facilities, with the exception of several Apollo Global facilities, and we enter into various other lease agreements in conducting our business. At the inception of each lease, we evaluate the lease agreement to determine whether the lease is an operating or capital lease. Additionally, most of our lease agreements contain renewal options, tenant improvement allowances, rent holidays, and/or rent escalation clauses. When such items are included in a lease agreement, we record a deferred rent asset or liability in our Consolidated Balance Sheets and record the rent expense evenly over the term of the lease. Leasehold improvements are reflected under investing activities as additions to property and equipment in our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Credits received against rent for tenant improvement allowances are reflected as a component of non-cash investing activities in our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Lease terms generally range from five to ten years with one to two renewal options for extended terms. For leases with renewal options, we generally record rent expense and amortize the leasehold improvements on a straight-line basis over the initial non-cancelable lease term in instances where the lease term is shorter than the economic life of the asset. Refer to Note 16, Commitments and Contingencies.We are also required to make additional payments under lease terms for taxes, insurance, and other operating expenses incurred during the lease period, which are expensed as incurred. Rental deposits are provided for lease agreements that specify payments in advance or deposits held in security that are refundable, less any damages at lease end.Marketing CostsWe expense marketing costs, the substantial majority of which includes advertising, as incurred.Foreign Currency TranslationWe use the U.S.dollar as our reporting currency. The functional currency of our entities operating outside the United States is the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity primarily generates and expends cash, which is generally the local currency. The assets and liabilities of these operations are translated to U.S.dollars using exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet dates. Income and expense items are translated monthly at the average exchange rate for that period. The resulting translation adjustments and the effect of exchange rate changes on intercompany transactions of a long-term investment nature are included in shareholders equity as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss or noncontrolling deficit interests, as applicable. We report gains and losses from foreign exchange rate changes related to intercompany receivables and payables that are not of a long-term investment nature, as well as gains and losses from foreign 99Table of ContentsAPOLLO GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continuedcurrency transactions in other, net in our Consolidated Statements of Income. These items amounted to a net $05 milliongain, net $17 millionloss and net $06 millionloss in fiscal years 2012, 2011and 2010, respectively.Fair ValueThe carrying amount of certain assets and liabilities reported in our Consolidated Balance Sheets, including accounts receivable and accounts payable, approximate fair value because of the short-term nature of these financial instruments.For fair value measurements of assets and liabilities that are recognized or disclosed at fair value, we consider fair value to be an exit price, which represents the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. As such, fair value is a market-based measurement that is determined based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. We use valuation techniques to determine fair value consistent with either the market approach, income approach and/or cost approach, and we prioritize the inputs used in our valuation techniques using the following three-tier fair value hierarchy:Level1 Observable inputs that reflect quoted market prices unadjusted for identical assets and liabilities in active markets;Level2 Observable inputs, other than quoted market prices, that are either directly or indirectly observable in the marketplace for identical or similar assets and liabilities, quoted prices in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets and liabilities;andLevel3 Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity that are significant to the fair value of assets or liabilities.We categorize each of our fair value measurements for disclosure purposes in one of the above three levels based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. In measuring fair value, our valuation techniques maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. We use prices and inputs that are current as of the measurement date, including during periods of market volatility. Therefore, classification of inputs within the hierarchy may change from period to period depending upon the observability of those prices and inputs. Our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment, and may affect the valuation of fair value for certain assets and liabilities and their placement within the fair value hierarchy. Refer to Note 9, Fair Value Measurements.Loss ContingenciesWe are subject to various claims and contingencies which are in the scope of ordinary and routine litigation incidental to our business, including those related to regulation, litigation, business transactions, employee-related matters and taxes, among others. When we become aware of a claim or potential claim, the likelihood of any loss or exposure is assessed. If it is probable that a loss will result and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated, we record a liability for the loss. The liability recorded includes probable and estimable legal costs incurred to date and future legal costs to the point in the legal matter where we believe a conclusion to the matter will be reached. If the loss is not probable or the amount of the loss cannot be reasonably estimated, we disclose the claim if the likelihood of a potential loss is reasonably possible and the amount of the potential loss could be material. For matters where no loss contingency is recorded, we expense legal fees as incurred. The assessment of the likelihood of a potential loss and the estimation of the amount of a loss are subjective and require judgment. Refer to Note 16, Commitments and Contingencies.Restructuring and Other ChargesRestructuring and other charges are comprised principally of non-cancelable lease obligations, severance and other employee separation costs, and other related costs. For our non-cancelable lease obligations, we record the obligation upon the later of when we terminate the contract in accordance with the contract terms or when we cease using the right conveyed by the contract. Our employee severance costs are expensed on the date we notify the employee, unless the employee must provide future service, in which case the benefits are expensed ratably over the future service period. We recognize these costs at fair value in the period the liability is incurred. Generally, for restructuring charges that have future payments that extend beyond one year, we record the net present value of the estimated future cash payments and then accrete the discount to restructuring and other charges over the term of the remaining payments. The estimate of our restructuring charges is based on the best information available at the time we record the obligation. Accordingly, any adjustments to previously recorded charges resulting from a change to the estimated liability are recognized in the period the change occurs. Refer to Note 3, Restructuring and Other Charges100Table of ContentsAPOLLO GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedDiscontinued OperationsAssets and liabilities expected to be sold or disposed of are presented separately in our Consolidated Balance Sheets as assets or liabilities held for sale. If we determine we will not have significant continuing involvement with components that are classified as held for sale or otherwise sold or disposed, the results of operations of these components are presented separately on our Consolidated Statements of Income as income loss from discontinued operations, net of tax, in the current and prior periods. Refer to Note 4, Discontinued  fiscal year 2012, we made the following reclassifications to conform to our current presentation:We combined our presentation of accrued liabilities and other current liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets and our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows based on the similar nature of the liabilities. Refer to Note 10, Accrued and Other Liabilities, for a detail of these liabilities.We began presenting our restructuring activities as a component of the change in accrued and other liabilities rather than as a separate line item on our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Refer to Note 3, Restructuring and Other Charges, for discussion of our restructuring activities. This change had no impact on our financial position or results of operations.As discussed in Note 4, Discontinued Operations, we presented Mander Portman Woodwards operating results as discontinued operations in the Consolidated Statements of Income.We have changed our presentation for all periods presented to reflect the above reclassifications. Recent Accounting PronouncementsIssued Accounting ChangesAs discussed in Goodwill and Intangiblesabove, we early adopted ASU No. 2011-08, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other Topic 350: Testing Goodwill for Impairment, and ASU No. 2012-02, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other Topic 350: Testing Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets for Impairment, in fiscal year 2012. These standards have updated goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible impairment tests by including an option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit or asset, as applicable, is less than its carrying amount. The adoption of ASU 2011-08 and ASU 2012-02 did not have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations, or disclosures.Future Accounting ChangesThe FASB and the International Accounting Standards Board IASB are working on joint convergence projects to address accounting differences between GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards IFRS in order to support their commitment to achieve a single set of high-quality global accounting standards. Some of the most significant projects on the FASB and IASBs agenda include accounting for leases, revenue recognition and financial instruments, among other items. Both the FASB and IASB have issued final guidance for certain accounting topics and are currently redeliberating guidance in other areas. We have adopted the converged guidance that the FASB has already issued addressing fair value measurements, financial instrument disclosures and the statement of other comprehensive income which did not have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations, or disclosures. While we anticipate the lease accounting and revenue recognition proposals will have the greatest impact on us if enacted, the FASBs standard-setting process is ongoing and until new standards have been finalized and issued, we cannot determine the impact on our financial condition, results of operations, or disclosures that may result from such future changes. Concurrent with these convergence projects, the Securities and Exchange Commission is considering incorporating IFRS into the U.S. financial reporting system. At this time, the method and timing of potential conversion to IFRS is uncertain and cannot be determined until final conversion requirements are mandated. The preparation of our financial statements in accordance with IFRS could have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations, and disclosures101Table of ContentsAPOLLO GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedNote 3. Restructuring and Other ChargesWe have initiated a series of activities to reengineer business processes and refine our educational delivery structure. The following table details the charges incurred for fiscal years 2012 and 2011, respectively, and the cumulative costs associated with these activities, which have all been included in restructuring and other charges on our Consolidated Statements of Income:Year Ended August 31,Cumulative Costs for Restructuring Activities$ in  lease obligations and related costs,  and other employee separation costs12,8873,84616,733Other restructuring related costs9,8279,827Restructuring and other  following table summarizes the above restructuring and other charges in our segment reporting format:Year Ended August 31,Cumulative Costs for Restructuring Activities$ in thousands20122011University of   and other  following table details the changes in our restructuring liability by type of cost during the fiscal year ended August31, 2012:$ in thousandsLease and Related Costs, NetSeverance and Other Employee Separation CostsOther Restructuring Related CostsTotalBalance at August 31, 2010 Expense  at August 31, 2011117,80217,802Expense   at August 31,  The current portion of our restructuring liability was $113 millionand $32 millionas of August31, 2012and 2011, respectively2 During fiscal year 2012, we reduced our lease obligations liability by $37 million with an offsetting credit included in restructuring and other charges on our Consolidated Statements of Income. The reduction was due to a decrease in estimated future net cash flows we expect to pay associated with certain leases we have abandoned, which are discussed further below.During fiscal year 2011, we initiated a plan to rationalize a portion of our real estate in Phoenix, Arizona through space consolidation and reorganization. The plan consisted of abandoning all, or a portion of, four leased facilities, all of which we are no longer using and we have determined will no longer provide a future economic benefit. The leases on these facilities were classified as operating leases and we recorded initial aggregate charges of $387 millionon the respective cease-use dates representing the fair value of our future contractual lease obligations. We measured the lease obligations at fair value using a discounted cash flow approach encompassing significant unobservable inputs Level 3. The estimation of future cash flows includes non-cancelable contractual lease costs over the remaining terms of the leases, partially offset by estimated future 102Table of ContentsAPOLLO GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continuedsublease rental income, which involves significant judgment. Our estimate of the amount and timing of sublease rental income considered subleases that we have executed and subleases we expect to execute, current commercial real estate market data and conditions, comparable transaction data and qualitative factors specific to the facilities. The estimates will be subject to adjustment as market conditions change or as new information becomes available, including the execution of additional sublease agreements. Excluding adjustments resulting from changes in estimates and interest accretion charges, we do not expect to incur additional charges associated with the facilities abandoned in connection with this real estate rationalization plan.During fiscal years 2012 and 2011, we implemented the following strategic reductions in workforce:During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2012, we eliminated approximately 350positions at University of Phoenix, Apollo Global and certain Corporate functions. We incurred $102 millionof severance and other employee separation costs including share-based compensation, which are included in the reportable segments in which the respective eliminated personnel were employed.During the third quarter of fiscal year 2012, we eliminated approximately 150positions at UNIACC principally representing non-direct student servicing personnel. This personnel reduction followed UNIACCs loss of institutional accreditation, which is discussed at Note 8, Goodwill and Intangible Assets.We incurred $27 millionof severance and other employee separation costs, which are included in our Apollo Global reportable segment. During the first quarter of fiscal year 2011, we eliminated approximately 700full-time positions at University of Phoenix principally representing admissions personnel. We incurred $38 millionof severance and other employee separation costs, which are included in our University of Phoenix reportable segment.We incurred $98 millionof costs during fiscal year 2012 principally attributable to services from consulting firms associated with our initiatives to evaluate and identify operating efficiency and effectiveness opportunities. As these services pertain to all areas of our business, we have not allocated these costs to our reportable segments and they are included in Other in our segment reporting.Subsequent to August 31, 2012, we continued our initiative to reengineer business processes and refine our educational delivery structure by adopting a plan to realign University of Phoenixs ground locations throughout the U.S., pursuant to which we will close a substantial number of locations. We also have begun implementing a workforce reduction subsequent to August 31, 2012. We expect to incur material restructuring and other charges associated with these activities; the vast majority of which will be incurred in fiscal year 2013.Note 4. Discontinued OperationsMander Portman WoodwardDuring the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2012, BPP completed the sale of its subsidiary, Mander Portman Woodward MPW, a U.K.-based secondary education institution for 548 millionequivalent to $853 millionas of the date of sale. The sale reflects our strategy to focus on the postsecondary education market. We do not have significant continuing involvement after the sale and, accordingly, MPWs operating results are presented as discontinued operations on our Consolidated Statements of Income for all periods presented. MPW was previously included in the Apollo Global reportable segment. We realized a gain on the sale of $267 million, net of transaction costs, during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2012, which is included in income loss from discontinued operations, net of tax on our Consolidated Statements of Income. There was no tax expense associated with the gain because it was not taxable under U.K. tax law103Table of ContentsAPOLLO GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedMPW did not meet the held for sale criteria until the period it was sold. The major components of its assets and liabilities as of August 31, 2011 are as follows:$ in thousandsProperty and equipment,  assets, net8,193Other3,486Total assets$64,140Total liabilities$10,7401This represents all of our BPP reporting units goodwill as of August 31, 2011, which was allocated to MPW in determining the gain on sale discussed above. We allocated the goodwill based on the fair values of MPW and BPPs remaining business with consideration for how these units were operated.See table below that summarizes the aggregate operating results of our discontinued operations as presented on our Consolidated Statements of Income.Insight SchoolsIn fiscal year 2011, we sold all of Insight Schools issued and outstanding shares for $63 million, plus $30 millionthat was held in escrow for one year following the sale, and $153 millionof additional estimated working capital consideration. The Insight Schools business was no longer consistent with our long-term strategic objectives, and we do not have significant continuing involvement after the sale. Insight Schools operating results are presented as discontinued operations on our Consolidated Statements of Income for all periods presented. Insight Schools was previously presented as its own reportable segment. We realized a $01 millionloss on sale, net of transaction costs, in fiscal year 2011, which is included in income loss from discontinued operations, net of tax on our Consolidated Statements of Income. We have received all consideration described above from the sale, including the funds held in escrow.We determined cash flows from our discontinued operations individually and in the aggregate are not material and are included with cash flows from continuing operations on our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. The following table summarizes the operating results for our discontinued operations for fiscal years 2012, 2011 and 2010, which are presented in income loss from discontinued operations, net of tax in our Consolidated Statements of Income:Year Ended August31,$ in thousands201220112010Net  loss on sale26,67898Goodwill impairment19,400Costs and  loss from discontinued operations before income  benefit from income taxes22,470873,844Income loss from discontinued operations, net of tax33,8236,70913,886Income from discontinued operations, net of tax, attributable to noncontrolling  loss from discontinued operations, net of tax, attributable to  We recognized the goodwill impairment charge in fiscal year 2010 when we began presenting Insight Schools as held for sale. We did not record a tax benefit associated with the goodwill impairment charge because Insight Schools goodwill was not deductible for tax purposes2There was no tax expense associated with the gain on sale of MPW as discussed above. The tax benefit in fiscal year 2011 includes a $16 milliontax benefit as a result of the Insight Schools sale generating a capital loss for tax purposes3The noncontrolling interest represents the portion of MPWs operating results attributable to Apollo Globals noncontrolling shareholder104Table of ContentsAPOLLO GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedThe operating results of discontinued operations summarized above only includes revenues and costs, including the goodwill impairment charge discussed above, directly attributable to the discontinued operations, and not those attributable to our continuing operations. Accordingly, no interest expense or general corporate overhead have been allocated to MPW or Insight Schools. Additionally, we ceased depreciation and amortization on property and equipment and finite-lived intangibles at Insight Schools in fiscal year 2010 when we determined it was held for sale.Note 5. AcquisitionsOn September 12, 2011, we acquired all of the outstanding stock of Carnegie Learning, a publisher of research-based math curricula and adaptive learning software for a cash purchase price of $750 million. In a separate transaction completed on September 12, 2011, we acquired related technology from Carnegie Mellon University for $215 millionpayable over a 10-year period. We incurred transaction costs of $17 millionin connection with these acquisitions with the majority included in general and administrative expense in our fiscal year 2011 operating results. The acquisitions allow us to accelerate our efforts to incorporate adaptive learning into our academic platform and to provide tools which we believe will help raise student achievement levels, and support improved retention and graduation rates at University of Phoenix. Given our postsecondary focus, we are currently evaluating strategic alternatives for a potential sale of the K-12 portion of the business in order to support Carnegie Learnings continued success in this market, but have not yet committed to any specific plan of disposition.We accounted for the Carnegie Learning acquisition as a business combination. Accordingly, we determined the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on assumptions that reasonable market participants would use while employing the concept of highest and best use of the respective assets and liabilities. We used the following assumptions, the majority of which include significant unobservable inputs, and valuation methodologies to determine fair value of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities:Software technology and customer relationship intangibles were valued using the cost savings approach utilizing current discount rates, cost estimates and assumptions;The Carnegie Learning trademark was valued using the relief-from-royalty method, which represents the benefit of owning this intangible rather than paying royalties for its use;Deferred revenue was valued using the cost plus mark-up approach, which estimates the fair value of our estimated cost to fulfill the obligation; andThe carrying value of all other assets and liabilities approximated fair value at the time of acquisition.We recorded $348 millionof goodwill as a result of the Carnegie Learning acquisition, which is not deductible for tax purposes. Carnegie Learning is included in our University of Phoenix operating segment and the goodwill is primarily attributable to expected strategic synergies. These synergies include cost savings and benefits attributable to improved student retention and graduation rates at University of Phoenix and the assembled workforce.The following table presents a summary of the Carnegie Learning acquisition purchase price allocation:$ in thousandsNet working capital deficit$336Property and equipment870Intangible assetsFinite-lived Software  Trademark14,100Finite-lived Customer  taxes, net11,428Allocated purchase price75,000Less: Cash acquired1,264Acquisition, net of cash acquired$73,736We are amortizing the finite-lived software technology on a straight-line basis over a fiveyear useful life, and the customer relationships asset on an accelerated basis over a fouryear useful life. The amortization of the respective finite-lived intangible 105Table of ContentsAPOLLO GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continuedassets reflects the pattern in which we expect the economic benefits of the assets to be consumed. We assigned an indefinite life to the acquired trademark as we believe the intangible has the ability to generate cash flows indefinitely. In addition, there are no legal, regulatory, contractual, economic, or other factors to limit the trademarks useful life.As noted above, we also acquired related technology from Carnegie Mellon University for $215 million, payable over a 10-year period. We accounted for this transaction as an asset purchase. Accordingly, we recorded a $144 millionasset and corresponding liability representing the present value of the future cash payments on the acquisition date using our incremental borrowing rate. The asset is included in intangible assets, net on our Consolidated Balance Sheets and is being amortized on a straight-line basis over a fiveyear useful life. The liability is included in debt on our Consolidated Balance Sheets and is being accreted over the 10-year period, with the accretion recorded in interest expense on our Consolidated Statements of Income. Carnegie Learnings operating results are included in our consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. We have not provided pro forma information because Carnegie Learnings results of operations are not significant to our consolidated results of operations.Note 6. Accounts Receivable, NetAccounts receivable, net consist of the following as of August 31:$ in thousands20122011Student accounts  allowance for doubtful accounts107,230128,897Net student accounts receivable180,389195,427Other receivables17,89020,140Total accounts receivable, net$198,279$215,567Student accounts receivable is composed primarily of amounts due related to tuition and educational services. Our student receivables are not collateralized; however, credit risk is reduced as the amount owed by any individual student is small relative to the total student receivables and the customer base is geographically diverse.The following table summarizes the activity in allowance for doubtful accounts for the fiscal years 2012, 2011and 2010:Year Ended August31,$ in  allowance for doubtful  for uncollectible accounts  net of  allowance for doubtful  7. Property and Equipment, NetProperty and equipment, net consist of the following as of August 31:$ in  and  improvements includes tenant improvement  developed  in progress49,72129,934Gross property and  accumulated depreciation and  and equipment, net$571,629$553,027106Table of ContentsAPOLLO GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedThe following amounts, which are included in the above table, relate to property and equipment capital leases as of August 31:$ in thousands20122011Buildings and land$5,573$5,838Furniture and  accumulated depreciation and  lease assets, net$66,630$36,407The increase in furniture and equipment was primarily due to information technology and network infrastructure capital leases during fiscal year 2012.Depreciation expense was $1580 million, $1443 millionand $1222 millionfor fiscal years 2012, 2011and 2010, respectively. Included in these amounts is depreciation of capitalized internally developed software of $101 million, $150 millionand $161 millionfor the fiscal years 2012, 2011and 2010, respectively.Note 8. Goodwill and Intangible AssetsGoodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value assigned to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill by reportable segment during fiscal years 2012and 2011are as follows:University of PhoenixApollo GlobalTotal Goodwill$ in thousandsOtherGoodwill as of August31,  translation adjustment8,8128,812Goodwill as of August31,   of  translation  as of August31,  Goodwill acquired resulted from our acquisition of Carnegie Learning during the first quarter of fiscal year 2012. Refer to Note 5, Acquisitions. 2 We recorded an impairment charge of $119 millionof UNIACCs goodwill during the first quarter of fiscal year 2012. See below for further discussion3We allocated $453 millionof goodwill to the sale of MPW. Refer to Note 4, Discontinued Operations. The following table presents the components of the net carrying amount of goodwill by reportable segment as of August31, 2012and 2011:University of PhoenixApollo GlobalOtherTotal Goodwill$ in thousandsAugust 31, 2012Gross carrying   currency translation2,7702,770Net carrying  The gross carrying amount of Apollo Globals goodwill and associated accumulated impairments decreased in fiscal year 2012 as a result of our BPP reporting unit no longer having any goodwill as of August 31, 2012. Accumulated impairments associated with BPP are $354 million. 107Table of ContentsAPOLLO GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedUniversity of PhoenixApollo GlobalOtherTotal Goodwill$ in thousandsAugust 31, 2011Gross carrying   currency  carrying  assets consist of the following as of August 31:20122011$ in thousandsGrossCarrying AmountAccumulated AmortizationEffect of ForeignCurrency Translation LossNetCarrying AmountGrossCarrying AmountAccumulated AmortizationEffect of ForeignCurrency Translation LossNetCarrying AmountFinite-lived intangiblesSoftware and  and customer  finite-lived  intangiblesTrademarks 1, 2,  and  indefinite-lived  intangible assets,  We acquired certain intangibles during fiscal year 2012 as a result of our acquisition of Carnegie Learning. Refer to Note 5, Acquisitions2We recorded an impairment charge of $49 millionof UNIACCs intangibles during the first quarter of fiscal year 2012. See below for further discussion3 The sale of MPW during fiscal year 2012 included a $79 milliontrademark intangible. Refer to Note 4, Discontinued Operations.                                                                                                    Finite-lived intangibles are amortized on either a straight-line basis or using an accelerated method to reflect the pattern in which the benefits of the asset are consumed. The weighted average useful life of our finite-lived intangibles that are not fully amortized as of August31, 2012is 48years. Amortization expense for intangibles for fiscal years 2012, 2011and 2010was $202 million, $147 millionand $248 million, respectively.Estimated future amortization expense of finite-lived intangibles is as follows:$ in  estimated amortization expense$45,174Estimated future amortization expense may vary as acquisitions and dispositions occur in the future and as a result of foreign currency translation adjustments108Table of ContentsAPOLLO GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedFiscal Year 2012We completed goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles impairment tests, as applicable, for each of our reporting units on their respective annual impairment test dates during fiscal year 2012, as follows:University of Phoenix May 31Apollo Global:BPP July 1UNIACC May 31ULA May 31Western International University May 31CFFP included in Other in our segment reporting August 31For our UNIACC reporting unit, we performed an interim goodwill impairment test in the first quarter of fiscal year 2012, which resulted in recognizing goodwill and other intangibles impairment charges, as further discussed below. We did not record any impairment charges associated with our other reporting units. For University of Phoenix, Western International University and CFFP, we performed qualitative assessments that included consideration of the factors discussed above. We also considered that the fair value of these reporting units exceeded their respective carrying values in their most recent annual tests by a substantial margin, including more than 90%for University of Phoenix. Based on our assessments, we concluded that it was more likely than not that the fair value of each reporting unit was greater than its carrying value.For our ULA reporting unit, we performed the step one quantitative goodwill impairment test and determined the fair value exceeded the carrying value of its net assets and its goodwill was not impaired. The excess as a percentage of fair value was approximately 25%. UNIACC was advised in the first quarter of fiscal year 2012 by the National Accreditation Commission of Chile that its institutional accreditation would not be renewed and therefore had lapsed. UNIACC has appealed the decision, which was denied in July 2012. The loss of accreditation from the National Accreditation Commission does not impact UNIACCs ability to operate or confer degrees and does not directly affect UNIACCs programmatic accreditations. However, this institutional accreditation is necessary for new UNIACC students to participate in government loan programs and for existing students to begin to participate in such programs for the first time. The loss of accreditation has reduced new enrollment in UNIACCs degree programs due to the unavailability of the government loan programs. Based on these factors and related uncertainty, we revised our cash flow estimates and performed an interim goodwill impairment analysis in the first quarter of fiscal year 2012. To determine the fair value of the UNIACC reporting unit in our interim step one analysis, we used a discounted cash flow valuation method using assumptions that we believe would be a reasonable market participants view of the impact of the loss of accreditation status and the increased uncertainty impacting UNIACC. We used significant unobservable inputs Level 3 in our discounted cash flow valuation. Our interim step one goodwill impairment analysis resulted in a lower estimated fair value for the UNIACC reporting unit as compared to its carrying value. Based on the estimated fair value of the UNIACC reporting unit and a hypothetical purchase price allocation, we determined the UNIACC reporting unit would have no implied goodwill. Additionally, our interim impairment tests for the trademark and accreditation intangibles utilized the same significant unobservable inputs Level 3 and assumptions used in UNIACCs interim goodwill analysis and resulted in minimal or no fair value. Accordingly, we determined UNIACCs entire goodwill balance and the trademark and accreditation indefinite-lived intangibles totaling $119 million and $39 million, respectively, were impaired. We also recorded a $10 millionimpairment for certain finite-lived intangibles. We did not record an income tax benefit associated with these charges as UNIACCs goodwill and other intangibles are not deductible for tax purposes. As of August 31, 2012 and 2011, our indefinite-lived intangibles totaled $1039 millionand $1055 million, respectively, and primarily consist of the BPP and Carnegie Learning trademarks of $807 millionand $141 million, respectively. Excluding UNIACC, which is discussed above, we performed a fair value analysis for our indefinite-lived intangibles as of the respective annual impairment test dates during fiscal year 2012 and determined there was no impairment. Fiscal Year 2011During the second quarter of fiscal year 2011, BPP experienced lower than expected rates of enrollment for its accounting and finance professional training programs. As a result, we revised our outlook for BPP and reduced forecasted revenues and operating cash flows for the remainder of fiscal year 2011. The majority of students take multiple years to complete these programs and, as a result, the lower than expected rates of enrollment in these programs were expected to negatively impact 109Table of ContentsAPOLLO GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continuedrevenue growth for the next couple of years. In addition, we also reduced our forecasts for future years from what we had previously anticipated. Accounting and finance professional training programs account for approximately one-half of BPPs revenues and a significant portion of BPPs operating cash flows. For these reasons, we performed an interim goodwill impairment analysis for BPP in the second quarter of fiscal year 2011.To determine the fair value of our BPP reporting unit in our interim step one analysis, we used a combination of the discounted cash flow valuation method and the market-based approach and applied weighting factors of 80%and 20%, respectively. We used assumptions in our interim step one analysis to reflect what we believe to be a reasonable market participants view of the increased uncertainty in the broader market conditions impacting pricing and enrollment assumptions at BPP. Accordingly, our interim step one goodwill impairment analysis resulted in a lower estimated fair value for the BPP reporting unit as compared to its carrying value. Using the estimated fair value of the BPP reporting unit derived from the interim step one analysis in a hypothetical purchase price allocation, we recorded impairment charges during the second quarter of fiscal year 2011 for BPPs goodwill and trademark of $1977 millionand $222 million, respectively. In the second quarter of fiscal year 2011, BPPs goodwill and other intangibles impairment charges were $2139 millionnet of $60 millionbenefit for income taxes associated with the other intangibles impairment charge. As BPPs goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes, we did not record a tax benefit associated with the goodwill impairment charge. This was the second time we had received new information that caused us to revise our forecasts for BPP and record impairment charges, as we recorded goodwill and other intangibles impairment charges in fiscal year 2010, as discussed below. Fiscal Year 2010We conducted our annual goodwill impairment test for our BPP reporting unit in fiscal year 2010 and determined the fair value of the reporting unit in our step one analysis by using a combination of the discounted cash flow valuation method and the market-based approach and applied weighting factors of 80%and 20%, respectively. In October 2010, BPP concluded its fall enrollment period and experienced lower than expected rates of enrollment in certain of its degree programs, which we believe was adversely impacted by the continued economic downturn in the U.K. Accordingly, we revised our forecast for BPP, which caused our step one annual goodwill impairment analysis to result in a lower estimated fair value for the BPP reporting unit as compared to its carrying value due to the effects of the economic downturn in the U.K. on BPPs operations and financial performance and increased uncertainty as to when these conditions would recover. Accordingly, our interim step one goodwill impairment analysis resulted in a lower estimated fair value for the BPP reporting unit as compared to its carrying value. Using the estimated fair value of the BPP reporting unit derived from the step one analysis in a hypothetical purchase price allocation, we recorded $1704 millionof impairment charges for BPPs goodwill and intangibles net of $55 millionbenefit for income taxes associated with the intangibles impairment charges. As BPPs goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes, we did not record a tax benefit associated with the goodwill impairment charge. During fiscal year 2010, we recorded an $87 millionimpairment charge for ULAs goodwill. As ULAs goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes, we did not record a tax benefit associated with the goodwill impairment charge.Please refer to Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies, for our policy and methodology for evaluating potential impairment of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles110Table of ContentsAPOLLO GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedNote 9. Fair Value MeasurementsAssets measured at fair value on a recurring basis consist of the following as of August31, 2012:Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date UsingAugust 31, 2012Quoted Prices inActive Markets forIdentical Assets Level 1Significant OtherObservable Inputs     Level 2SignificantUnobservable Inputs    Level 3$ in thousandsAssets:Cash equivalents including restricted cash equivalents:Money market  securities:Auction-rate securities5,9465,946Total assets at fair value on a recurring  and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis consist of the following as of August31, 2011:Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date UsingAugust 31, 2011Quoted Prices inActive Markets forIdentical Assets Level 1Significant OtherObservable Inputs     Level 2SignificantUnobservable Inputs    Level 3$ in thousandsAssets:Cash equivalents including restricted cash equivalents:Money market  securities:Auction-rate securities5,9465,946Total assets at fair value on a recurring  liabilities:Interest rate swap$3,363$$3,363$Total liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis:$3,363$$3,363$We measure the above items on a recurring basis at fair value as follows:Money market funds Classified within Level1 and were valued primarily using real-time quotes for transactions in active exchange markets involving identical assets. As of August31, 2012and 2011, our remaining cash and cash equivalents not disclosed in the above tables approximate fair value because of the short-term nature of the financial instruments.Auction-rate securities Classified within Level3 due to the illiquidity of the market and were valued using a discounted cash flow model encompassing significant unobservable inputs such as estimated interest rates, credit spreads, timing and amount of cash flows, credit quality of the underlying securities and illiquidity considerations. Interest rate swap During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2012, we repaid substantially all of the amounts outstanding on BPPs credit facility and settled the associated interest rate swap. The interest rate swap was previously used to minimize the interest rate exposure on a portion of BPPs variable rate debt by fixing the variable interest rate on the associated debt. The swap was classified within Level2 and was valued using readily available pricing sources which utilize market observable inputs including the current variable interest rate for similar types of instruments.At August31, 2012, the carrying value of our debt, excluding capital leases, was $6497 million. Substantially all of our debt is variable interest rate debt and the carrying amount approximates fair value111Table of ContentsAPOLLO GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedWe did not change our valuation techniques associated with recurring fair value measurements from prior periods. Additionally, there were no changes in the assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs Level3 during the fiscal year ended August31, 2012. During fiscal year 2011, assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs Level3 decreased $92 millionprincipally due to auction-rate security redemptions at par value.Liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis during fiscal year 2012consist of the following:Fair Value Measurements at Measurement Dates Using$ in thousandsFair Value atMeasurement DatesQuoted Prices inActive Markets forIdentical Liabilities    Level          Level 2SignificantUnobservable Inputs     Level 3Losses for Year Ended August 31, 2012Liabilities:Other liabilities:Initial restructuring  liabilities at fair value on a nonrecurring  fiscal year 2012, we recorded aggregate initial restructuring obligations at fair value of $201 millionassociated with abandoning certain leased facilities as part of a real estate rationalization plan. We recorded the restructuring obligation liabilities on the dates we ceased use of the respective facilities, and we measured the liabilities at fair value using Level 3 inputs included in the valuation method. Refer to Note 3, Restructuring and Other Charges.Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis during fiscal year 2011consist of the following:Fair Value Measurements at Measurement Dates Using$ in thousandsFair Value atMeasurement DatesQuoted Prices inActive Markets forIdentical Liabilities    Level          Level 2SignificantUnobservable Inputs     Level 3Losses for Year Ended August 31,  assets, netBPP  assets at fair value on a nonrecurring  liabilitiesInitial restructuring  liabilities at fair value on a nonrecurring  fiscal year 2011, we recorded impairment charges for BPPs goodwill and trademark. Accordingly, BPPs goodwill balance was written down to the implied fair value and BPPs trademark was measured at fair value. We measured the implied fair value for BPPs goodwill and the fair value of BPPs trademark using Level 3 inputs included in the valuation methods used to determine fair value for the respective assets. Refer to Note 8, Goodwill and Intangible Assets.During fiscal year 2011, we recorded aggregate initial restructuring obligations at fair value of $178 millionassociated with abandoning a leased facility as part of a real estate rationalization plan. We recorded the restructuring obligation on the date we ceased use of the facility, and measured the liability at fair value using Level 3 inputs included in the valuation method. Refer to Note 3, Restructuring and Other Charges112Table of ContentsNote 10. Accrued and Other LiabilitiesAccrued and other current liabilities consist of the following as of August 31:$ in thousands20122011Salaries, wages and  legal and other professional   rent and other lease  materials13,00416,198Student refunds, grants and  accrued and other current  legal and other professional obligations as of August 31, 2011 includes $1450 millionassociated with our agreement in principle to settle the Securities Class Action Policemans Annuity and Benefit Fund of Chicagolitigation. Refer to Note 16, Commitments and Contingencies. Other long-term liabilities consist of the following as of August31:$ in thousands20122011Deferred rent and other lease  tax positions27,22322,277Deferred gains on   other long-term  11. DebtDebt and short-term borrowings consist of the following as of August 31:$ in thousands20122011Revolving Credit Facility, see terms below$615,000$493,322Capital lease obligations70,21536,512BPP Credit Facility, see terms below2,42147,603Other, see terms below32,27521,572Total debt719,911599,009Less short-term borrowings and current portion of long-term  debt$81,323$179,691Aggregate debt maturities for each of the years ended August 31 are as follows:$ in  of ContentsAPOLLO GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedRevolving Credit Facility During the third quarter of fiscal year 2012, we entered into a syndicated $625 millionunsecured revolving credit facility the Revolving Credit Facility, which replaced our previous revolving credit facility. The Revolving Credit Facility is used for general corporate purposes including acquisitions and share repurchases. The term is five years and will expire in April 2017. The Revolving Credit Facility may be used for borrowings in certain foreign currencies and letters of credit, in each case up to specified sublimits. We borrowed $6150 millionand had approximately $8 millionof outstanding letters of credit under the Revolving Credit Facility as of August 31, 2012. We also borrowed substantially all of our credit line under our previous revolving credit facility as of August 31, 2011. We repaid the entire amount borrowed under the respective facilities subsequent to the respective fiscal years. The $6150 millionis classified as short-term borrowings and current portion of long-term debt on our Consolidated Balance Sheets because it was repaid subsequent to fiscal year-end.The Revolving Credit Facility fees are determined based on a pricing grid that varies according to our leverage ratio. The Revolving Credit Facility fee ranges from 25 to 40basis points. Incremental fees for borrowings under the facility generally range from LIBOR+ 125 to 185basis points. The weighted average interest rate on outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility and the previous revolving credit facility at August31, 2012and 2011 were 35%and 28%, respectively.The Revolving Credit Facility contains various customary representations, covenants and other provisions, including the following financial covenants: maximum leverage ratio, minimum coverage interest and rent expense ratio, and a U.S. Department of Education financial responsibility composite score. We were in compliance with all applicable covenants related to the Revolving Credit Facility at August31, 2012.BPP Credit Facility In fiscal year 2010, we refinanced BPPs debt by entering into a 520 millionequivalent to $823 millionas of August31, 2012 secured credit agreement the BPP Credit Facility, which will expire on August 31, 2013. During the second quarter of fiscal year 2012, we amended the BPP Credit Facility reducing the amount available under the facility to 390 millionequivalent to $617 millionas of August31, 2012. The BPP Credit Facility was used to refinance BPPs debt in fiscal year 2010 and for working capital and general corporate purposes. During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2012, we repaid substantially all of the outstanding debt on the BPP Credit Facility. The amended BPP Credit Facility contains financial covenants that include a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio and a maximum leverage ratio, which we were in compliance with as of August31, 2012. The interest rate on borrowings is LIBOR + 175 basis points. The weighted average interest rate on BPPs outstanding borrowings at August31, 2012and 2011was 25%and 40%, respectively.Other As of August31, 2012, other debt includes the present value of our obligation to Carnegie Mellon University, which is discussed further at Note 5, Acquisitions. Other debt also includes $85 millionof variable rate debt and $95 millionof fixed rate debt as of August31, 2012, and $91 millionof variable rate debt and $125 millionof fixed rate debt as of August31, 2011. Excluding our obligation to Carnegie Mellon University, the weighted average interest rate on our other debt at August31, 2012and 2011was 51%and 61%, respectively.Refer to Note 9, Fair Value Measurements, for discussion of the fair value of our debt.Note 12. Income TaxesGeographic sources of income loss from continuing operations before income taxes are as follows:$ in thousands201220112010United  from continuing operations before income  of ContentsAPOLLO GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedIncome tax expense benefit consists of the following for fiscal years 2012, 2011and 2010:$ in    for income  tax assets and liabilities result primarily from temporary differences in book versus tax basis accounting. Deferred tax assets and liabilities consist of the following as of August 31:$ in thousands20122011Deferred tax assets:Allowance for doubtful accounts$32,659$44,364Leasing transactions62,38946,651Net operating loss    deferred tax assets244,965275,370Valuation  tax assets, net of valuation  tax liabilities:Fixed  deferred tax liabilities102,88496,238Net deferred income taxes$130,799$168,686The decrease in the litigation charge deferred tax asset in the above table was principally attributable to our $1450 millionsettlement payment associated with the Securities Class Action Policemans Annuity and Benefit Fund of Chicagomatter, which became deductible in the third quarter of fiscal year 2012. Refer to Note 16, Commitments and Contingencies.As of August31, 2012and 2011, we have recorded a valuation allowance related to a portion of our net operating losses and other deferred tax assets of certain of our foreign subsidiaries, as it is more likely than not that these deferred tax assets will not be utilized. During fiscal year 2012, the valuation allowance increased primarily as a result of an increase in net operating losses of certain foreign subsidiaries. In light of our history of profitable operations, we have concluded that it is more likely than not that we will ultimately realize the full benefit of our deferred tax assets other than assets mentioned above. Accordingly, we believe that a valuation allowance should not be recorded for our remaining net deferred tax assets.The net operating loss carry-forward in the above table represents $355 millionof U.S.net operating losses that will begin to expire August31, 2018. We also have $343 millionof net operating losses in various foreign jurisdictions that do not expire115Table of ContentsAPOLLO GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedWe have not provided deferred taxes on unremitted earnings attributable to international companies that have been considered permanently reinvested. As of August31, 2012, any earnings related to the operations of these foreign subsidiaries are not significant.We exercise significant judgment in determining our income tax provision due to transactions, credits and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. The following is a tabular reconciliation of the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits, excluding interest and penalties, at the beginning and the end of fiscal years 2012and 2011:$ in thousandsBalance at August31, 2010$166,048Additions based on tax positions taken in the current year4,503Additions for tax positions taken in prior years15,570Settlement with tax  for tax positions of prior years45,231Reductions due to lapse of applicable statute of limitations4,099Balance at August31, 201125,811Additions based on tax positions taken in the current year7,708Additions for tax positions taken in prior years813Settlement with tax authorities733Reductions for tax positions of prior yearsReductions due to lapse of applicable statute of limitations1,392Balance at August31, 2012$32,207As of August 31, 2012and 2011, our gross unrecognized tax benefits are included in accrued and other current liabilities and other long-term liabilities in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. The decrease in our unrecognized tax benefits during fiscal year 2011 was principally attributable to resolution with the Arizona Department of Revenue regarding the apportionment of income for Arizona corporate income tax purposes. Refer to Arizona Department of Revenue Auditbelow for further discussion. The decrease was also due to a $96 millionbenefit from resolution with the Internal Revenue Service regarding the deductibility of payments made related to the settlement of a qui tam lawsuit in fiscal year 2010.We classify interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as a component of provision for income taxes in our Consolidated Statements of Income. We recognized an expense of $04 millionin fiscal year 2012and benefits of $17 millionand $104 millionin fiscal years 2011and 2010, respectively, related to interest and penalties. The $17 million benefit in fiscal year 2011 is primarily attributable to the reduction of accrued interest related to the resolution with the Arizona Department of Revenue noted above. The $104 million benefit in fiscal year 2010 is mainly due to the reduction of accrued interest related to the I.R.S. 162m settlement which occurred in November 2009. Refer to Internal Revenue Service Auditsbelow for further discussion. The total amount of interest and penalties included in our Consolidated Balance Sheets was $41 millionand $37 millionas of August31, 2012and 2011, respectively.We believe that any change in our unrecognized tax benefits in the next 12 months will be immaterial.As of August31, 2012, $278 millionof our total unrecognized tax benefits would favorably affect our effective tax rate if recognized. If amounts accrued are less than amounts ultimately assessed by the taxing authorities, we would record additional income tax expense in our Consolidated Statements of Income.Our U.S.federal tax years and various state tax years from 2006 remain subject to income tax examinations by tax authorities. In addition, tax years from 2007 related to our foreign taxing jurisdictions also remain subject to examination116Table of ContentsAPOLLO GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedThe provision for income taxes differs from the tax computed using the statutory U.S.federal income tax rate as a result of the following items for fiscal years 2012, 2011and 2010: 201220112010Statutory U.S. federal income tax rate350%350%350%State income taxes, net of federal  compensation, net202%03%11%Foreign taxes14%09%11%Litigation charge3%10%%Goodwill  closure%08%%Other, net08%06%07%Effective income tax rate425%442%464%1 In fiscal year 2011, we realized a $433 millionbenefit associated with our resolution with the Arizona Department of Revenue. Refer to further discussion below2 In fiscal year 2010, we recorded benefits of $102 millionand $12 millionassociated with our settlement of a dispute with the Internal Revenue Service. Refer to further discussion below. 3In fiscal year 2011, we realized a $96 million benefit from resolution with the Internal Revenue Service regarding the deductibility of payments made related to the settlement of a qui tam lawsuit.Internal Revenue Service AuditsOur U.S. federal income tax returns for our fiscal years 2006 through 2010 are currently under review by the Internal Revenue Service.In November 2009, we executed a Closing Agreement with the Internal Revenue Service Office of Appeals to settle an examination of our income tax returns for fiscal years 2003 through 2005 associated with certain deductions related to stock option compensation. The settlement resolved only the disputed tax issues between the Internal Revenue Service and us and was not an admission by us of liability, wrongdoing, legal compliance or non-compliance for any other purpose. Based on the settlement:Tax returns for fiscal years 2003 through 2005 During fiscal year 2010, we paid $273 millionand reversed our remaining accrual associated with this issue through provision for income taxes, deferred taxes, an additional paid-in-capital in the amounts of $102 million, $15 million, and $115 million, respectively.Tax returns subsequent to fiscal year 2005 During fiscal year 2010, we recorded the benefit of certain deductions related to stock option compensation not claimed on our tax returns for fiscal years 2006 through 2009. This benefit was recorded through provision for income taxes, deferred taxes, and additional paid-in-capital in the amounts of $12 million, $09 millionand $160 million, respectively. We submitted claims to the Internal Revenue Service for the deductions that were not taken on our tax returns, which have been accepted. We have also claimed the deductions related to stock option compensation in subsequent year income tax returns.Arizona Department of Revenue AuditThe Arizona Department of Revenue commenced an audit during fiscal year 2010 relating to our Arizona income tax returns for fiscal years 2003 through 2009. During fiscal year 2010, we filed amended Arizona income tax returns for fiscal years 2003 through 2007 to change our method of sourcing service income to a destination basis, rather than on an origin basis, for sales factor apportionment purposes. In general for state sales factor apportionment purposes, destination sourcing assigns revenue to the state of the customer or market, while origin sourcing assigns revenue to the state of production. We also reported the final audit adjustments made by the Internal Revenue Service for fiscal years 2003 through 2005. The resulting impact from these adjustments was a net claim for refund of $515 million, excluding interest, for fiscal years 2003 through 2007. For fiscal years 2008 through 2010, we filed our original Arizona income tax returns sourcing our service revenues on a destination basis and we did not take a benefit related to our Arizona destination sourcing position in our financial statements.In March 2011, the Arizona Department of Revenue issued a notice of proposed assessment for fiscal years 2003 through 2009 asserting our services revenues should be based on an origin sourcing method. The proposed assessment also denied our refund claims for this same reason. In May 2011, we filed our protest to the proposed assessment and refund denials, and began the administrative review process to assert our destination sourcing position. In August 2011, we executed a Closing Agreement with 117Table of ContentsAPOLLO GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continuedthe Arizona Department of Revenue to settle this matter. The settlement resolved the sales factor sourcing issue for the audit period and provides an agreed upon sales factor sourcing methodology for fiscal years 2010 through 2020. Based on the settlement, we have foregone our refund claims of $515 million, paid $579 million, and made applicable adjustments to our deferred taxes. These amounts were previously included in our unrecognized tax benefits, and the settlement resulted in a $433 millionbenefit. The benefit includes state tax accrued throughout fiscal year 2011 based on the uncertainty prior to settlement.In addition to the audits discussed above, we are subject to numerous ongoing audits by federal, state, local and foreign tax authorities. Although we believe our tax accruals to be reasonable, the final determination of tax audits in the U.S.or abroad and any related litigation could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals.Note 13. Shareholders EquityShare ReissuancesDuring fiscal years 2012, 2011and 2010, we issued approximately 12 million, 12 millionand 11 millionshares, respectively, of our Apollo Group ClassA common stock from our treasury stock. These reissuances are a result of stock option exercises, release of shares covered by vested restricted stock units, and purchases under our employee stock purchase plan.Share RepurchasesOur Board of Directors has authorized us to repurchase outstanding shares of Apollo Group ClassA common stock, from time to time, depending on market conditions and other considerations. During the third quarter of fiscal year 2012, our Board of Directors authorized an increase in the amount available under our share repurchase program up to an aggregate amount of $300 million, which has no remaining availability as of August 31, 2012. We repurchased approximately 191 million, 183 millionand 79 millionshares of our Apollo Group ClassA common stock during fiscal years 2012, 2011and 2010, respectively, at a total cost of $7995 million, $7758 millionand $4393 millionduring the respective fiscal years. This represented weighted average purchase prices of $4182, $4230and $5578per share during the respective fiscal years.The amount and timing of future share repurchase authorizations and repurchases, if any, will be made as market and business conditions warrant. Repurchases may be made on the open market through various methods including but not limited to accelerated share repurchase programs, or in privately negotiated transactions, pursuant to the applicable Securities and Exchange Commission rules, and may include repurchases pursuant to Securities and Exchange  trading programs.In connection with the release of vested shares of restricted stock, we repurchased approximately 03 million, 02 millionand 01 millionshares of Class A common stock for $124 million, $74 millionand $71 millionduring fiscal years 2012, 2011and 2010, respectively. These repurchases relate to tax withholding requirements on the restricted stock units and are not part of the repurchase program described above.Accumulated Other Comprehensive LossThe following table summarizes the components of accumulated other comprehensive loss at August 31:$ in thousands20122011Foreign currency translation  loss on marketable  other comprehensive  other comprehensive loss is net of $04 millionof taxes as of August31, 2012and 2011. The tax effect on each component of other comprehensive income during fiscal years 2012, 2011and 2010is not significant.The increase in foreign currency translation losses is primarily the result of a general strengthening of the U.S.dollar relative to foreign currencies during fiscal year 2012118Table of ContentsAPOLLO GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedNote 14. Earnings Per ShareOur outstanding shares consist of Apollo Group ClassA and ClassB common stock. Our Articles of Incorporation treat the declaration of dividends on the Apollo Group ClassA and ClassB common stock in an identical manner. As such, both the Apollo Group ClassA and ClassB common stock are included in the calculation of our earnings per share. Refer to Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies. The components of basic and diluted earnings per share are as follows:Year Ended August31,$ in thousands201220112010Net income attributable to Apollo basic and  weighted average shares  effect of stock options499652Dilutive effect of restricted stock units and performance share awards746382299Diluted weighted average shares  per share:Basic income per share attributable to Apollo$348$405$364Diluted income per share attributable to Apollo$345$404$362During fiscal years 2012, 2011and 2010, approximately 88 million, 93 millionand 72 million, respectively, of our stock options outstanding and approximately 15,000, 390,000and 6,000, respectively, of our restricted stock units and performance share awards were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. These options, restricted stock units and performance share awards could be dilutive in the future.Note 15. Stock and Savings Plans401k PlanWe sponsor a 401k plan for eligible employees which provides them the opportunity to make pre-tax employee contributions. Such contributions are subject to certain restrictions as set forth in the Internal Revenue Code. Upon a participating employees completion of one year of service and 1,000hours worked, we will match, at our discretion, 30%of such employees contributions up to the lesser of 15%of his or her gross compensation or the maximum participant contribution permitted under the Internal Revenue Code. We are also permitted to make additional discretionary contributions for certain eligible employees. Our contributions were $136 million, $126 millionand $113 millionfor fiscal years 2012, 2011and 2010, respectively.Employee Stock Purchase PlanOur Third Amended and Restated 1994 Employee Stock Purchase Plan allows eligible employees to purchase shares of our ClassA common stock at quarterly intervals through periodic payroll deductions at a price per share equal to 95%of the fair market value on the purchase date. This plan is deemed to be non-compensatory, and accordingly, we do not recognize any share-based compensation expense with respect to the shares of our ClassA common stock purchased under the plan.Share-Based Compensation PlansWe currently have outstanding awards under the Apollo Group, Inc. Amended and Restated 2000 Stock Incentive Plan. Under this plan, we may grant non-qualified stock options, incentive stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units, performance share awards PSAs, and other share-based awards covering shares of our ClassA common stock to officers, certain employees and faculty members, and the non-employee members of our Board of Directors. In general, the awards granted under the Amended and Restated 2000 Stock Incentive Plan vest over periods ranging from six months to four years. Stock options granted have contractual terms of 10years or less. Restricted stock units issued under the Plan may have both performance-vesting and service-vesting components for grants generally made to executive officers or service-vesting only for other recipients. PSAs have both performance-vesting and service-vesting components tied to a defined performance period. The majority of restricted stock units and PSAs under the Plan contain rights to receive dividends or dividend equivalents. However, these rights are forfeitable and Apollo has not historically issued dividends.Approximately 286 millionshares of our ClassA common stock have been reserved for issuance over the term of the Amended and Restated 2000 Stock Incentive Plan. The shares may be issued from treasury shares or from authorized but unissued shares of our ClassA common stock. As of August31, 2012, approximately 167 millionauthorized and unissued shares of our ClassA 119Table of ContentsAPOLLO GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continuedcommon stock were available for issuance under the Amended and Restated 2000 Stock Incentive Plan, including the shares subject to outstanding equity awards under such plan.Under the Amended and Restated 2000 Stock Incentive Plan, the exercise price for stock options may not be less than 100%of the fair market value of our ClassA common stock on the date of the grant. The requisite service period for all awards is generally equal to the vesting period.Stock OptionsDuring fiscal years 2012, 2011and 2010, we granted stock options with a service vesting condition to the members of our Board of Directors, officers, and certain faculty and management employees. We measure the fair value of stock options as of the date of grant. We amortize share-based compensation expense, net of forfeitures, over the requisite service period using the straight-line method for awards with only a service condition. The vesting period of the stock options granted generally ranges from one to four years. A summary of the activity and changes related to stock options granted under our plans is as follows:Numbers in thousands, except per share and contractual term dataTotal  per  Term YearsAggregateIntrinsic Value $1Outstanding as of August31,  canceled or expired4426287Outstanding as of August31,  canceled or expired9155838Outstanding as of August31,  canceled or expired7365853Outstanding as of August31, 20128,559$5690210$Vested and expected to vest as of August31,  as of August31, 20127,403$5837178$Available for future grant as of August31, 20123,4911 Aggregate intrinsic value represents the total amount obtained by multiplying the portion of our closing stock price of $2685on August31, 2012in excess of the applicable exercise prices by the number of options outstanding or exercisable with an exercise price less than that closing stock price.As of August31, 2012, there was approximately $140 millionof unrecognized share-based compensation cost, net of forfeitures, related to unvested stock options. These costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 191years. The fair value of stock options that vested during fiscal years 2012, 2011and 2010was $228 million, $378 million, and $454 million, respectively120Table of ContentsAPOLLO GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedThe following table summarizes information related to outstanding and exercisable options as of August31,  of Exercise PricesOptions in thousandsOutstandingWeighted Avg.Contractual Life RemainingWeighted Avg.Exercise Price per ShareExercisableWeighted Avg.Exercise Price per Share$583 to  to  to  to  to  to  to  following table summarizes information related to stock options exercised during fiscal years 2012, 2011and 2010:Year Ended August31,$ in thousands201220112010Amounts related to options exercised:Intrinsic value  tax benefit realized by Apollo for tax  received by  to Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies, for discussion of stock option valuation and related assumptions. Restricted Stock Units and PSAsDuring fiscal years 2012, 2011and 2010, we granted restricted stock units covering shares of our ClassA common stock with a service and a performance vesting condition to several of our officers. We also granted restricted stock units with only a service vesting condition to the members of our Board of Directors, officers, and certain faculty and employees. We measure the fair value of restricted stock units as of the date of grant. We amortize share-based compensation expense for awards expected to vest over the requisite service period using the straight-line method for awards with only a service condition, and the graded vesting attribution method for awards with a service and a performance condition. Share-based compensation expense is not recognized for awards with performance conditions that do not meet the associated performance condition. The vesting period of the restricted stock units granted generally ranges from one to four years. See summary of the activity and changes related to restricted stock units granted under our plans below.During fiscal years 2012, 2011, and 2010, we granted PSAs to certain members of our executive management that vest based on performance and service vesting conditions. The level at which the performance condition is attained will determine the actual number of shares of our ClassA common stock into which the PSAs will be converted. The conversion percentage generally ranges from 0%to 300%of the target level based on the performance condition attainment. The award holder will vest in one-third of the shares of our ClassA common stock into which his or her PSAs are so converted for each fiscal year the award holder remains employed during the three year performance period. However, the PSAs will immediately convert into fully-vested shares of our ClassA common stock at target level or above upon certain changes in control or ownership. The shares of our ClassA common stock into which the PSAs are converted will be issued upon the completion of the applicable performance period. We measure the fair value of PSAs as of the date of grant and amortize share-based compensation expense for our estimate of the number of shares of our ClassA common stock expected to vest and become issuable under those awards over the requisite service period. Our estimate of the number of shares that will vest and become issuable under the PSA awards is based on our determination of the probable outcome of the performance condition and requires considerable judgment. Share-based compensation expense is not recognized for PSAs that do not meet the associated performance condition. 121Table of ContentsAPOLLO GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedThe following schedule includes activity and changes related to the restricted stock units and PSAs granted PSAs are assumed to convert into shares of our ClassA common stock at the target level:Restricted Stock UnitsPerformance Share Awards1Numbers in thousands, except per share dataNumber of SharesWeightedAverageGrant Date Fair ValueNumber of SharesWeightedAverageGrant Date Fair ValueNonvested balance at August31,  and  balance at August31,  and  balance at August31,  and  balance at August31, 20123,526$4110399$42761 The vesting of PSAs is subject to the achievement of the specified performance goals and the number of common shares that will ultimately be issued is calculated by multiplying the number of performance shares by a payout percentage that generally ranges from 0% to 300%.As of August31, 2012, there was $991 millionand $35 millionof total unrecognized share-based compensation cost, net of forfeitures, related to unvested restricted stock units and PSAs, respectively. These costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 246years. The fair value of restricted stock units that vested during fiscal years 2012, 2011and 2010was $425 million, $255 millionand $248 million, respectively.Share-based Compensation ExpenseThe table below details share-based compensation expense for fiscal years 2012, 2011and 2010:Year Ended August31,$ in  and student   and  and other charges1,323Share-based compensation expense included in operating expenses78,70570,04064,305Tax effect of share-based  compensation expense, net of tax$48,831$43,325$39,015Note 16. Commitments and ContingenciesGuaranteesWe have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors for certain events or occurrences. The maximum potential amount of future payments we could be required to make under these indemnification agreements is unlimited; however, we have director and officer liability insurance policies that mitigate our exposure and enable us to recover a portion of any future amounts paid. Based 122Table of ContentsAPOLLO GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continuedon the significant uncertainty associated with our pending as well as possible future litigation, settlements and other proceedings relative to our insurance policy coverage, the fair value of these indemnification agreements, if any, cannot be estimated.Lease CommitmentsThe following is a schedule of future minimum commitments for capital and operating leases as of August31, 2012:$ in thousandsCapital LeasesOperating  future minimum lease obligation1, 2$77,725$1,200,469Less: imputed interest on capital leases7,510Net present value of capital lease obligations$70,2151The total future minimum lease obligation excludes non-cancelable sublease rental income of $192 million2During fiscal year 2011, we initiated a plan to rationalize a portion of our real estate in Phoenix, Arizona through space consolidation and reorganization. The total future minimum operating lease obligation includes $592 millionof future contractual lease payments associated with facilities, or a portion of facilities, for which we no longer expect to receive a future economic benefit. The total future minimum operating lease obligation also includes $1895 millionof future contractual lease payments associated with facilities that we expect to close or consolidate subsequent to August 31, 2012. Refer to Note 3, Restructuring and Other Charges.Rent expense was $2075 million, $2193 millionand $1946 millionfor fiscal years 2012, 2011and 2010, respectively.We have entered into sale-leaseback agreements related to properties that we currently use to support our operations. From these agreements, we received $2009 millionin cash for the properties, which generated a combined gain of approximately $417 millionthat is being deferred over the respective lease terms. We recognized total gains associated with sale-leasebacks of $28 million, $22 millionand $17 millionin fiscal years 2012, 2011and 2010, respectively, in our Consolidated Statements of Income. The total deferred gain included in our Consolidated Balance Sheets was $285 millionand $313 millionas of August31, 2012and 2011, respectively.Naming Rights to Glendale, Arizona Sports ComplexIn September2006, we entered into a Naming and Sponsorship Rights Agreement with New Cardinals Stadium, L.L.C. and BB Holdings, Inc. doing business as the Arizona Cardinals, third parties unrelated to Apollo, for naming and sponsorship rights on a stadium in Glendale, Arizona, which is home to the Arizona Cardinals team in the National Football League. The agreement includes naming, sponsorship, signage, advertising and other promotional rights and benefits. The initial agreement term is in effect until 2026 with options to extend. Pursuant to the agreement, we were required to pay a total of $58 millionfor the 2006 contract year, which is increased 3%per year until 2026. We expense these payments evenly over the respective contract years as we realize the associated benefit. As of August31, 2012, our remaining contractual obligation pursuant to this agreement is $1156 million. Other payments apply if certain events occur, such as if the Cardinals play in the Super Bowl or if all of the Cardinals regular season home games are sold-out.Surety BondsAs part of our normal operations, our insurers issue surety bonds for us that are required by various states where we operate. We are obligated to reimburse our insurers for any surety bonds that are paid by the insurers. As of August31, 2012, the total face amount of these surety bonds was approximately $498 million.Letters of CreditAs of August31, 2012, we had approximately $8 millionoutstanding letters of credit that are required as part of our normal operations. 123Table of ContentsAPOLLO GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedContingencies Related to Litigation and Other ProceedingsThe following is a description of pending litigation, settlements, and other proceedings that fall outside the scope of ordinary and routine litigation incidental to our business.Securities Class Action Policemans Annuity and Benefit Fund of ChicagoIn January 2008, a jury returned an adverse verdict against us and two remaining individual co-defendants in a securities class action lawsuit entitled, In re Apollo Group, Inc. Securities Litigation, Case No. CV04-2147-PHX-JAT, filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Arizona, relating to alleged false and misleading statements in connection with our failure to publicly disclose the contents of a preliminary U.S. Department of Education program review report. After various post-trial challenges, the case was returned to the trial court in March 2011 to administer the shareholder claims process. In September 2011, we entered into an agreement in principle with the plaintiffs to settle the litigation for $1450 million, which was preliminarily approved by the Court on November 28, 2011. On April 20, 2012, the Court approved the settlement agreement and entered an order of final judgment and dismissal. In connection with approval of the settlement agreement and the dismissal of the lawsuit, the Court also vacated the related judgment against us and the individual defendants. Under the settlement agreement and during the third quarter of fiscal year 2012, the $1450 millionwe had previously deposited into a common fund account in December 2011 was paid to the plaintiffs.As of August 31, 2012, we have accrued an estimate of a portion of the $232 millionof defense costs that were advanced to us and other defendants in this shareholder litigation, and estimated future legal costs that may be incurred in resolving the dispute with our insurers regarding whether we are required to reimburse these funds. Because of the many questions of fact and law that may arise, the outcome of the dispute with our insurance carriers is uncertain at this point. However, we do not believe the potential exposure in excess of our accrual is material.Securities Class Action Apollo Institutional Investors GroupOn August 13, 2010, a securities class action complaint was filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Arizona by Douglas N. Gaer naming us, John G. Sperling, Gregory W. Cappelli, Charles B. Edelstein, Joseph L. DAmico, Brian L. Swartz and Gregory J. Iverson as defendants for allegedly making false and misleading statements regarding our business practices and prospects for growth. That complaint asserted a putative class period stemming from December 7, 2009 to August 3, 2010. A substantially similar complaint was also filed in the same Court by John T. Fitch on September 23, 2010 making similar allegations against the same defendants for the same purported class period. Finally, on October 4, 2010, another purported securities class action complaint was filed in the same Court by Robert Roth against the same defendants as well as Brian Mueller, Terri C. Bishop and Peter V. Sperling based upon the same general set of allegations, but with a defined class period of February 12, 2007 to August 3, 2010. The complaints allege violations of Sections 10b and 20a of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. On October 15, 2010, three additional parties filed motions to consolidate the related actions and be appointed the lead plaintiff.On November 23, 2010, the Fitch and Roth actions were consolidated with Gaer and the Court appointed the Apollo Institutional Investors Group consisting of the Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund, the Mineworkers Pension Scheme, and Amalgamated Bank as lead plaintiffs. The case is now entitled, In re Apollo Group, Inc. Securities Litigation, Lead Case Number CV-10-1735-PHX-JAT. On February 18, 2011, the lead plaintiffs filed a consolidated complaint naming Apollo, John G. Sperling, Peter V. Sperling, Joseph L. DAmico, Gregory W. Cappelli, Charles B. Edelstein, Brian L. Swartz, Brian E. Mueller, Gregory J. Iverson, and William J. Pepicello as defendants. The consolidated complaint asserts a putative class period of May 21, 2007 to October 13, 2010. On April 19, 2011, we filed a motion to dismiss and oral argument on the motion was held before the Court on October 17, 2011. On October 27, 2011, the Court granted our motion to dismiss and granted plaintiffs leave to amend. On December 6, 2011, the lead plaintiffs filed an Amended ConsolidatedClass Action Complaint, which alleges similar claims against the same defendants. On January 9, 2012, we filed a motion to dismiss the Amended ConsolidatedClass Action Complaint. On June 22, 2012, the Court granted our motion to dismiss and entered a judgment in our favor. On July 20, 2012, the plaintiffs filed a Notice of Appeal with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, and their appeal remains pending before that Court. If the plaintiffs are successful in their appeal, we anticipate they will seek substantial damages. Because of the many questions of fact and law that may arise, the outcome of this legal proceeding is uncertain at this point. Based on information available to us at present, we cannot reasonably estimate a range of loss for this action and, accordingly, we have not accrued any liability associated with this action124Table of ContentsAPOLLO GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedSecurities Class Action Teamsters Local 617 Pensions and Welfare FundsOn November2, 2006, the Teamsters Local 617 Pension and Welfare Funds filed a class action complaint purporting to represent a class of shareholders who purchased our stock between November28, 2001 and October18, 2006. The complaint, filed in the U.S.District Court for the District of Arizona, is entitled Teamsters Local 617 Pension Welfare Fundsv. Apollo Group, Inc. et al., Case Number 06-cv-02674-RCB, and alleges that we and certain of our current and former directors and officers violated Sections10b and 20a of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule10b-5 promulgated thereunder by purportedly making misrepresentations concerning our stock option granting policies and practices and related accounting. The defendants are Apollo Group, Inc., J. Jorge Klor de Alva, Daniel E. Bachus, John M. Blair, Dino J. DeConcini, Kenda B. Gonzales, Hedy F. Govenar, Brian E. Mueller, Todd S. Nelson, Laura Palmer Noone, John R. Norton III, John G. Sperling and Peter V. Sperling. On September11, 2007, the Court appointed The Pension TrustFund for Operating Engineers as lead plaintiff. Lead plaintiff filed an amended complaint on November23, 2007, asserting the same legal claims as the original complaint and adding claims for violations of Section20A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and allegations of breach of fiduciary duties and civil conspiracy. On April30, 2009, plaintiffs filed their Second Amended Complaint, which alleges similar claims for alleged securities fraud against the same defendants.On March31, 2011, the U.S. District Court for the District of Arizona dismissed the case with prejudice and entered judgment in our favor. Plaintiffs filed a motion for reconsideration of this ruling, and the Court denied this motion on April 2, 2012. On April 27, 2012, the plaintiffs filed a Notice of Appeal with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, and their appeal remains pending before that Court. If the plaintiffs are successful in their appeal, we anticipate they will seek substantial damages. Because of the many questions of fact and law that may arise, the outcome of this legal proceeding is uncertain at this point. Based on information available to us at present, we cannot reasonably estimate a range of loss for this action and, accordingly, we have not accrued any liability associated with this action.Incentive Compensation False Claims Act LawsuitOn May 25, 2011, we were notified that a qui tam complaint had been filed against us in the U.S. District Court, Eastern District of California, by private relators under the Federal False Claims Act and California False Claims Act, entitled USA and State of California ex rel. Hoggett and Good v. University of Phoenix, et al, Case Number 2:10-CV-02478-MCE-KJN. When the federal government declines to intervene in a qui tam action, as it has done in this case, the relators may elect to pursue the litigation on behalf of the federal government and, if successful, they are entitled to receive a portion of the federal governments recovery.The complaint alleges, among other things, that University of Phoenix has violated the Federal False Claims Act since December 12, 2009 and the California False Claims Act for the preceding ten years by falsely certifying to the U.S. Department of Education and the State of California that University of Phoenix was in compliance with various regulations that require compliance with federal rules regarding the payment of incentive compensation to admissions personnel, in connection with University of Phoenixs participation in student financial aid programs. In addition to injunctive relief and fines, the relators seek significant damages on behalf of the Department of Education and the State of California, including all student financial aid disbursed by the Department to our students since December 2009 and by the State of California to our students during the preceding ten years. On July 12, 2011, we filed a motion to dismiss and on August 30, 2011, relators filed a motion for leave to file a Second Amended Complaint, which the Court granted. On November 2, 2011, we filed a motion to dismiss relators Second Amended Complaint, which was denied by the Court on July 6, 2012. On August 1, 2012, we filed a motion for certification of an interlocutory appeal, which would allow us to immediately appeal the District Courts order denying our motion to dismiss to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. That motion remains pending before the District Court. Because of the many questions of fact and law that may arise, the outcome of this legal proceeding is uncertain at this point. Based on the information available to us at present, we cannot reasonably estimate a range of loss for this action and, accordingly, we have not accrued any liability associated with this action.Patent Infringement LitigationOn March3, 2008, Digital-Vending Services International Inc. filed a complaint against University of Phoenix and Apollo Group Inc., as well as Capella Education Company, Laureate Education Inc., and Walden University Inc. in the U.S.District Court for the Eastern District of Texas, since transferred on plaintiffs motion to the Eastern District of Virginia. The case is entitled, Digital Vending Services International, LLC vs. The University of Phoenix, et al, Case Number 2:09cv555 JBF-TEM. The complaint alleges that we and the other defendants have infringed and are infringing various patents relating to managing courseware in a shared use operating environment and seeks injunctive relief and substantial damages, including royalties as a percentage of our net revenue over a multi-year period. We filed an answer to the complaint on May27, 2008, in which we denied that Digital-125Table of ContentsAPOLLO GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedVending Services Internationals patents were duly and lawfully issued, and asserted defenses of non-infringement and patent invalidity, among others. We also asserted a counterclaim seeking a declaratory judgment that the patents are invalid, unenforceable, and not infringed by us. On January 7, 2011, the Court granted our motion for summary judgment and dismissed the case with prejudice, citing plaintiffs failure to point to admissible evidence that could support a finding of infringement.Plaintiff appealed the order granting our summary judgment motion to the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit, which held oral argument on December 5, 2011. On March 7, 2012, a divided three-judge panel of the Federal Circuit issued an opinion affirming in part and reversing in part the order granting summary judgment, and it remanded a portion of the plaintiffs claims to the district court for further proceedings. We filed a Petition for Rehearing with the Federal Circuit regarding the portion of the decision reversing the grant of summary judgment, which the Federal Circuit denied on May 25, 2012. Accordingly, the case has been remanded to the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia for further proceedings, the outcome of which remains uncertain at this point. As of August 31, 2012, we have accrued an immaterial amount reflecting a rejected settlement offer we made during the third quarter of fiscal year 2012 and additional legal costs that we may incur in this matter. Because of the many questions of fact and law that may arise, the outcome of this legal proceeding is uncertain at this point. Based on information available to us at present, we cannot reasonably estimate a range of loss for this action in excess of our accrual as of August 31, 2012.AdomaWage and Hour Class ActionOn January 8, 2010, Diane Adoma filed an action in United States District Court, Eastern District of California alleging wage and hour claims under the Fair Labor Standards Act and California law for failure to pay overtime and other violations, entitled Adoma et al. v. University of Phoenix, et al, Case Number 2:10-cv-00059-LKK. On March 4, 2010, we filed a motion to dismiss, or in the alternative to stay or transfer, the case based on the previously filed Sabol and Juric actions. On May 3, 2010, the Court denied the motion to dismiss and/or transfer. On April 12, 2010, plaintiff filed her motion for conditional collective action certification. The Court denied class certification under the Fair Labor Standards Act and transferred these claims to the District Court in Pennsylvania. On August 31, 2010, the U.S. District Court in California granted plaintiffs motion for class action certification of the California claims. On September 14, 2010, we filed a petition for permission to appeal the class certification order with the Ninth Circuit, which was denied on November 3, 2010. There are approximately 1,500 current and former employees in the class.In August 2011, the parties agreed to settle the case for an immaterial amount, which was accrued in our financial statements during fiscal year 2011. The agreement, in which we do not admit any liability, is subject to final approval by the Court. On June 18, 2012, the Court preliminarily approved the settlement and granted the parties motion to certify the class of plaintiffs for settlement purposes, and the Final Approval hearing is scheduled for November 5, 2012. Shareholder Derivative Actions and Demand LettersOn November 12, 2010 and December 8, 2010, we received separate demands on behalf of two different shareholders to investigate, address and commence proceedings against each of our directors and certain of our officers for violation of any applicable laws, including in connection with the subject matter of the report of the Government Accountability Office prepared for the U.S. Senate in August 2010, our withdrawal of the outlook we previously provided for our fiscal year 2011, the investigation into possible unfair and deceptive trade practices associated with certain alleged practices of University of Phoenix by the State of Florida Office of the Attorney General in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, the participation by the State of Oregon Office of the Attorney General in the Securities Class Action Apollo Institutional Investors Group, and the informal inquiry by the Enforcement Division of the Securities and Exchange Commission commenced in October 2009. On September 8, 2011, we received an additional shareholder demand letter from Darlene Smith, who is already pursuing one of the two previously filed shareholder derivative actions against Apollo management. In this letter, Ms. Smith requests that the Company pursue a contribution action against Todd Nelson and Kenda Gonzales based on the jury verdict in the Policemans Annuity and Benefit Fund of Chicago Securities Class Action described above. The demands are a condition precedent under applicable Arizona law to the filing of a derivative lawsuit on behalf of Apollo Group seeking damages from directors and officers for breach of fiduciary duty. The following two lawsuits have commenced to date in connection with these demands:Himmel Derivative Action. On March24, 2011, a shareholder derivative complaint was filed in the Superior Court for the State of Arizona, Maricopa County by Daniel Himmel, one of the foregoing shareholders who previously made a demand for investigation. In the complaint, the plaintiff asserts a derivative claim on our behalf against certain of our current and former officers and directors for breach of fiduciary duty, waste of corporate assets, and unjust enrichment. The complaint alleges that the individual defendants made improper statements and engaged in improper business practices that caused 126Table of ContentsAPOLLO GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continuedour stock price to drop, led to securities class actions against us, and enhanced regulation and scrutiny by various government entities and regulators. The case is entitled, Himmel v. Bishop, et al, Case Number CV2011-005604. Pursuant to a stipulation between all parties, on August 31, 2011, the Court ordered this action stayed during the pendency of the underlying Apollo Group Institutional Investors Securities Class Action.Smith Derivative Action. On April 12, 2011, a shareholder derivative complaint was filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Arizona by Darlene Smith, one of the foregoing shareholders who previously made a demand for investigation. In the complaint, the plaintiff asserts a derivative claim on our behalf against certain of our current and former officers and directors for violations of federal securities laws, state law claims for breaches of fiduciary duty, abuse of control, gross mismanagement, unjust enrichment, corporate waste, and insider trading. The case is entitled, Smith v. Sperling, et al, Case Number CV-11-0722-PHX-PGR. On February 3, 2012, the Company and the individual defendants filed motions to dismiss the case, which are currently pending with the Court. Oral argument on the defendants motion to dismiss was held on July 9, 2012. On July 26, 2012, the Court granted defendants motion to dismiss while granting plaintiff leave to file an amended complaint within 30 days. Because plaintiff failed to file an amended complaint within this time frame, the Court entered an order on September 11, 2012 dismissing this action. K.K. Modi Investment and Financial Services Pvt. Ltd.On November 8, 2010, a suit was filed by K.K. Modi Investment and Financial Services Pvt. Ltd. Modi in the High Court of Delhi at New Delhi against defendants Apollo Group, Inc., Western International University, Inc., University of Phoenix, Inc., Apollo Global, Inc., Modi Apollo International Group Pvt. Ltd., Apollo International, Inc., John G. Sperling, Peter V. Sperling and Jorge Klor De Alva, seeking to permanently enjoin the defendants from making investments in the education industry in the Indian market in breach of an exclusivity and noncompete provision which plaintiff alleges is applicable to Apollo Group and its subsidiaries. The case is entitled, K.K. Modi Investment and Financial Services Pvt. Ltd. v. Apollo International, et. al. We believe that the relevant exclusivity and noncompete provision is inapplicable to us and our affiliates, we have sought to dismiss this action on those grounds, and our application for such relief remains pending before the Court. On December 14, 2010, the Court declined to enter an injunction, but the matter is set for a further hearing on March 15, 2013. If plaintiff ultimately obtains the requested injunctive relief, our ability to conduct business in India, including through our joint venture with HT Media Limited, may be adversely affected. It is also possible that in the future K.K. Modi may seek to expand existing litigation in India or commence litigation in the U.S. in which it may assert a significant damage claim against us.OtherWe are subject to various claims and contingencies in the ordinary course of business, including those related to regulation, litigation, business transactions, employee-related matters and taxes, among others. We do not believe any of these are material for separate disclosure.Other MattersAttorney General InvestigationsDuring fiscal year 2011, we received notices from the Attorney General Offices in three states that they were investigating business practices at the University of Phoenix, as described below. We believe there may be an informal coalition of states considering investigatory or other inquiries into recruiting practices and the financing of education at proprietary educational institutions, which may or may not include these three states.State of Florida.On October 22, 2010, University of Phoenix received notice that the State of Florida Office of the Attorney General in Fort Lauderdale, Florida had commenced an investigation into possible unfair and deceptive trade practices associated with certain alleged practices of University of Phoenix. The notice included a subpoena to produce documents and detailed information for the time period of January 1, 2006 to the present about a broad spectrum of University of Phoenixs business. We are cooperating with the investigation, but also filed a suit to quash or limit the subpoena and to protect information sought that constitutes propriety or trade secret information. We cannot predict the eventual scope, duration or outcome of the investigation at this time127Table of ContentsAPOLLO GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedState of Massachusetts. On May 13, 2011, University of Phoenix received a Civil Investigative Demand from the State of Massachusetts Office of the Attorney General. The Demand relates to an investigation of possible unfair or deceptive methods, acts, or practices by for-profit educational institutions in connection with the recruitment of students and the financing of education. The Demand requires us to produce documents and detailed information and to give testimony regarding a broad spectrum of University of Phoenixs business for the time period of January1, 2002 to the present. We are cooperating with the investigation. We cannot predict the eventual scope, duration or outcome of the investigation at this time.State of Delaware. On August3, 2011, University of Phoenix received a subpoena from the Attorney General of the State of Delaware to produce detailed information regarding University of Phoenix students residing in Delaware. The time period covered by the subpoena is January1, 2006 to the present. We are cooperating with the investigation. We cannot predict the eventual scope, duration or outcome of the investigation at this time.Securities and Exchange CommissionDuring October 2009, we received notification from the Enforcement Division of the Securities and Exchange Commission indicating that they had commenced an informal inquiry into our revenue recognition practices. The Securities and Exchange Commission has requested various information and documents from us and/or our auditors, including information regarding our revenue recognition practices, our policies and practices relating to student refunds, the return of TitleIV funds to lenders and bad debt reserves, our insider trading policies and procedures, a chronology of the internal processing and availability of information about the U.S. Department of Education program review of University of Phoenix commenced in early 2009, certain information relating to non-Title IV revenue sources and other matters. On March 21, 2012, the staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission notified us that the informal inquiry had been completed and that the staff did not intend to recommend any enforcement action by the Commission.During April 2012, we received notification from the Enforcement Division of the Securities and Exchange Commission requesting documents and information relating to certain stock sales by company insiders and our February 28, 2012 announcement filed with the Commission on Form 8-K regarding revised enrollment forecasts.We are cooperating fully with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with this investigation. We cannot predict the eventual scope or outcome of this investigation.UNIACC InvestigationsAs discussed in Note 8, Goodwill and Intangible Assets, UNIACC was advised by the National Accreditation Commission of Chile in November 2011 that its institutional accreditation would not be renewed and therefore had lapsed. Subsequently, in June 2012, a prosecutors office in Santiago, Chile requested that UNIACC provide documents relating to UNIACCs relationship with a former employee and consultant who served as a member of the National Accreditation Commission until March 2012, and we have since received requests for additional information in connection with this investigation.Furthermore, in August 2012, the prosecutors office began requesting that UNIACC provide information about UNIACCs business structure and operations and its relationship with other Apollo entities, in connection with an additional investigation regarding UNIACCs compliance with applicable laws concerning the generation of profit by universities such as UNIACC. We are cooperating with these investigations.At this time, we cannot predict the eventual scope, course or outcome of these investigations.Refer to Note 12, Income Taxes, for discussion of Internal Revenue Service audits.Note 17. Regulatory MattersStudent Financial AidWe collected the substantial majority of our fiscal year 2012total consolidated net revenue from receipt of TitleIV financial aid program funds, principally from federal student loans and Pell Grants. University of Phoenix represented 91%of our fiscal year 2012total consolidated net revenue and more than 100%of our operating income in fiscal year 2012. University of Phoenix generated 84%of its cash basis revenue for eligible tuition and fees during fiscal year 2012from the receipt of TitleIV financial aid program funds, as calculated under the 90/10 Rule described below.All U.S. federal financial aid programs are established by Title IV of the Higher Education Act and regulations promulgated thereunder. The U.S.Congress must periodically reauthorize the Higher Education Act and annually determine the funding level for each TitleIV program. In August 2008, the Higher Education Act was reauthorized through September 30, 2013 by the Higher Education Opportunity Act. Changes to the Higher Education Act are likely to occur in subsequent reauthorizations, and the scope and substance of any such changes cannot be predicted128Table of ContentsAPOLLO GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedThe Higher Education Act, as reauthorized, specifies the manner in which the U.S. Department of Education reviews institutions for eligibility and certification to participate in Title IV programs. Every educational institution involved in Title IV programs must be certified to participate and is required to periodically renew this certification. University of Phoenix was recertified in November 2009 and entered into a new TitleIV Program Participation Agreement which expires December31, 2012. University of Phoenix has submitted necessary documentation for re-certification. In the event that the U.S. Department of Education does not complete University of Phoenixs recertification process and issue a new Program Participation Agreement on or before December 31, 2012, it is anticipated that University of Phoenixs eligibility will continue on a month-to-month basis until the Department issues its decision on the application. We have no reason to believe that our application will not be renewed in due course, although it would not be unusual for University of Phoenix to be continued on a month-to-month basis until the Department completes its review. Western International University was recertified in May 2010 and entered into a new TitleIV Program Participation Agreement which expires September30, 2014.Higher Learning Commission HLCUniversity of Phoenix and Western International University are accredited by The Higher Learning Commission of the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools HLC. This accreditation provides the following:recognition and acceptance by employers, other higher education institutions and governmental entities of the degrees and credits earned by students;qualification to participate in TitleIV programs in combination with state higher education operating and degree granting authority; andqualification for authority to operate in certain states.The HLC began its previously scheduled comprehensive evaluation visits of University of Phoenix in March 2012, and Western International University in May 201290/10 RuleUniversity of Phoenix and Western International University, and all other proprietary institutions of higher education, are subject to the so-called 90/10 Rule under the Higher Education Act, as reauthorized. Under this rule, a proprietary institution will be ineligible to participate in Title IV programs if for any two consecutive fiscal years it derives more than 90%of its cash basis revenue, as defined in the rule, from Title IV programs. An institution that derives more than 90% of its cash basis revenue from Title IV programs for any single fiscal year will be automatically placed on provisional certification for two fiscal years and will be subject to possible additional sanctions determined to be appropriate under the circumstances by the U.S. Department of Education. While the Department has broad discretion to impose additional sanctions on such an institution, there is only limited precedent available to predict what those sanctions might be, particularly in the current regulatory environment. For example, the Department could impose conditions in the provisional certification such as:restrictions on the total amount of Title IV program funds that may be disbursed to students; restrictions on programmatic and geographic expansion; requirements to obtain and post letters of credit; additional reporting requirements such as interim financial reporting; or any other conditions deemed appropriate by the Department. In addition, if an institution is subject to a provisional certification at the time that its current program participation agreement expired, the effect on recertification of the institution or continued eligibility in Title IV programs pending recertification is uncertain. The University of Phoenix 90/10 Rule percentage for fiscal year 2012was 84%, which represented a 200 basis point decrease compared to fiscal year 2011. We believe the decrease is primarily attributable to the reduction in the proportion of our students who are enrolled in our associates degree programs, which historically have had a higher percentage of Title IV funds applied to eligible tuition and fees, and emphasizing employer-paid and other direct-pay education programs. We have also implemented in recent years various other measures intended to reduce the percentage of University of Phoenixs cash basis revenue attributable to Title IV funds, including encouraging students to carefully evaluate the amount of necessary Title IV borrowing and continued focus on professional development and continuing education programs. We have substantially no control over the amount of Title IV student loans and grants sought by or awarded to our students.The 90/10 Rule percentage for University of Phoenix remains near 90% and could exceed 90% in the future depending on the degree to which our various initiatives are effective, the impact of future changes in our enrollment mix, and regulatory and 129Table of ContentsAPOLLO GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continuedother factors outside our control, including any reduction in military benefit programs or changes in the treatment of such funding for purposes of the 90/10 Rule calculation. Any necessary further efforts to reduce the 90/10 Rule percentage for University of Phoenix, especially if the percentage exceeds 90% for a fiscal year, may involve taking measures which reduce our revenue, increase our operating expenses, or both, in each case perhaps significantly. In addition, we may be required to make structural changes to our business in the future in order to remain in compliance, which changes may materially alter the manner in which we conduct our business and materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Furthermore, these required changes could make it more difficult to comply with other important regulatory requirements, such as the cohort default rate regulations, which are discussed below. Student Loan Cohort Default RatesTo remain eligible to participate in Title IV programs, educational institutions must maintain student loan cohort default rates below specified levels. Each cohort is the group of students who first enter into student loan repayment during a federal fiscal year ending September 30. The currently applicable cohort default rate for each cohort is the percentage of the students in the cohort who default on their student loans prior to the end of the following federal fiscal year, which represents a two-year measuring period. As discussed below, the measurement period for the cohort default rate has been increased to three years starting with the 2009 cohort and both three-year and two-year cohort default rates will be published each September until the 2011 three-year cohort default rate is published in September 2014.If an educational institutions two-year cohort default rate exceeds 10%for any one of the three preceding years, it must delay for 30 days the release of the first disbursement of U.S. federal student loan proceeds to first time borrowers enrolled in the first year of an undergraduate program. University of Phoenix implemented a 30-day delay for such disbursements a few years ago. If an institutions two-year cohort default rate equals or exceeds 25%for three consecutive years or 40%for any given year, it will be ineligible to participate in Title IV programs.For University of Phoenix, the 2010 two-year cohort default rate was 179%. Although the University of Phoenix 2010 two-year cohort default rate decreased compared to the previous year, University of Phoenix cohort default rates have increased materially over the prior several years. We believe the increases over the prior several years are due to the challenging economic climate, the growth in our associates degree student population and changes in the manner in which student loans are serviced. While we expect that the challenging economic environment will continue to put pressure on our student borrowers, we believe that our ongoing efforts to shift our student mix to a higher proportion of bachelors and graduate level students, the full implementation of our University Orientation program in November 2010 and our investment in student protection initiatives and repayment management services will continue to stabilize and over time favorably impact our rates.The cohort default rate requirements were modified by the Higher Education Opportunity Act enacted in August 2008 to increase by one year the measuring period for each cohort. The Department began publishing the official three-year cohort default rates with the publication of the 2009 cohort default rate in September 2012 and the Department will publish the three-year cohort default rates in addition to the two-year rates until the phase-in of the three-year measurement period is complete. If an institutions three-year cohort default rate equals or exceeds 30%for any given year, it must establish a default prevention task force and develop a default prevention plan with measurable objectives for improving the cohort default rate. We believe that our current repayment management efforts meet these requirements. If an institutions three-year cohort default rates for the 2009 and 2010 cohorts equals or exceeds 30%, the institution may be subject to provisional certification imposing various additional requirements for participation in Title IV programs.Beginning with the three-year cohort default rate for the 2011 cohort published in September 2014, only the three-year rates will be applied for purposes of measuring compliance with the requirements, as follows:Annual test. If the three-year cohort default rate for any given year equals or exceeds 40%, the institution will cease to be eligible to participate in Title IV programs; and Three consecutive years test. If the institutions three-year cohort default rate equals or exceeds 30%for three consecutive years, beginning with the 2009 cohort, the institution will cease to be eligible to participate in Title IV programs. The consequences applicable to two-year cohort default rates will continue to apply through 2013 for the fiscal 2011 cohort. The University of Phoenix 2009 and 2008 three-year cohort default rates were 264%and 211%, respectively130Table of ContentsAPOLLO GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedU.S. Department of Education Program ReviewsThe U.S. Department of Education periodically reviews institutions participating in Title IV programs for compliance with applicable standards and regulations. In July 2012, the Department commenced a program review of University of Phoenixs compliance with requirements to verify student supplied information and report to the Department appropriate verification status codes relating to Title IV programs in which the University of Phoenix participates. The review covered federal financial aid years 20102011 and 20112012 through June 26, 2012. In July 2012, University of Phoenix received an Expedited Final Program Review Determination Letter from the Department. There were no findings in the program review.During fiscal year 2011, the Department released our $126 millionletter of credit previously posted in connection with our February 2009 program review.Office of the Inspector General of the U.S. Department of Education OIGIn October 2011, the OIG notified us that it was conducting a nationwide audit of the Departments program requirements, guidance, and monitoring of institutions of higher education offering distance education. In connection with the OIGs audit of the Department, the OIG examined a sample of University of Phoenix students who enrolled during the period from July 1, 2010 to June 30, 2011. The OIG subsequently notified University of Phoenix that in the course of this review it identified certain conditions that the OIG believes are Title IV compliance exceptions at University of Phoenix. Although University of Phoenix is not the direct subject of the OIGs audit of the Department, the OIG has asked University of Phoenix to respond so that it may consider University of Phoenixs views in formulating its audit report of the Department. These exceptions relate principally to the calculation of the amount of Title IV funds returned after student withdrawals and the process for confirming student eligibility prior to disbursement of Title IV funds. Based on information available to us at present, we have not accrued any liability associated with this matter.Note 18. Segment ReportingWe operate primarily in the education industry. During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2012, we revised our segment reporting to maintain consistency with the method management uses to evaluate performance and allocate resources. Accordingly, we have identified five operating segments that are managed in the following reportable segments:University of Phoenix;Apollo Global; andOther.As a result of the above changes, BPP is no longer an operating segment and we have changed our presentation for all periods presented to reflect our revised segment reporting.University of Phoenixoffers associates, bachelors, masters and doctoral degrees in a variety of program areas. University of Phoenix offers its educational programs worldwide through its online education delivery system and at its campus locations and learning centers.We acquired Carnegie Learning during the first quarter of fiscal year 2012 and it is included in our University of Phoenix operating segment from the date of acquisition. Refer to Note 5, Acquisitions. Apollo Globalincludes BPP, Western International University, UNIACC, ULA and the Apollo Global corporate operations. BPP offers professional training and education through schools located in the United Kingdom, a European network of BPP offices, and the sale of books and other publications globally. Western International University offers associates, bachelors and masters degrees in a variety of program areas as well as certificate programs at its Arizona campus locations and online at Western International University Interactive Online. UNIACC offers bachelors and masters programs at campuses in Chile and online. ULA offers degree programs at its five campuses throughout Mexico. Other includes IPD, CFFP, Apollo Education Services, Meritus University, Inc. until its closure in fiscal year 2011, and corporate activities. IPD provides program development, administration and management consulting services to private colleges and universities to establish or expand their programs for working learners. CFFP provides financial services education programs, including the Master of Science in three majors and certification programs in retirement, asset management, and other financial planning areas. Apollo Education Services is a business we are developing through which we intend to begin providing a variety of educational delivery services to other higher education institutions. Apollo Education Services has not yet generated net revenues.Our reportable segments have been determined based on the method by which management evaluates performance and allocates resources. Management evaluates performance based on reportable segment profit. This measure of profit includes allocating 131Table of ContentsAPOLLO GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continuedcorporate support costs to each segment as part of transfer pricing arrangements and/or a general allocation, but excludes taxes, interest income and expense, and certain revenue and unallocated corporate charges. At the discretion of management, certain corporate costs are not allocated to the subsidiaries due to their designation as special charges because of their infrequency of occurrence, the non-cash nature of the expense and/or the determination that the allocation of these costs to the subsidiaries will not result in an appropriate measure of the subsidiaries results. These costs include such items as unscheduled or significant management bonuses, unusual severance pay and share-based compensation expense attributed to corporate management and administrative employees. During fiscal years 2012, 2011and 2010, no individual customer accounted for more than 10% of our consolidated net revenue.A summary of financial information by reportable segment is as follows:Year Ended August31,$ in thousands201220112010Net revenueUniversity of    income loss1:University of   operating  items:Interest income1,1872,8842,920Interest  net4761,588685Income from continuing operations before income  and amortizationUniversity of   depreciation and  expendituresUniversity of   capital  of Phoenix, Apollo Global and Other include charges associated with our restructuring activities. Refer to Note 3, Restructuring and Other Charges. 2The operating loss for Apollo Global in fiscal years 2012, 2011 and 2010 includes $168 million, $2199 millionand $1846 million, respectively, of goodwill and other intangibles impairment charges. Refer to Note 8, Goodwill and Intangible Assets. 3The operating loss for Other in fiscal years 2011 and 2010 includes a net credit of $162 millionand charges of $1780 million, respectively, associated with the Securities ClassAction Policemans Annuity and Benefit Fund of Chicago. Refer to Note 16, Commitments and Contingencies. 132Table of ContentsAPOLLO GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedA summary of our consolidated assets by reportable segment is as follows:As of August31,$ in  of    majority of assets included in Other consists of corporate cash and cash equivalents.A summary of financial information by geographical area based on country of domicile for our respective operating locations is as follows:Year Ended August31,$ in thousands201220112010Net revenueUnited     of August31,$ in  assets1United    long-lived  Long-lived assets include property and equipment, net, goodwill, and intangible assets, net.Note 19. Quarterly Results of Operations UnauditedSeasonalityOur operations are generally subject to seasonal trends. We experience, and expect to continue to experience, fluctuations in our results of operations as a result of seasonal variations in the level of our institutions enrollments. Although University of Phoenix enrolls students throughout the year, its net revenue is generally lower in our second fiscal quarter December through February than the other quarters due to holiday breaks.Quarterly Results of OperationsThe following unaudited consolidated interim financial information presented should be read in conjunction with other information included on our consolidated financial statements. The following unaudited consolidated financial information reflects all adjustments necessary for the fair presentation of the results of interim periods. We have made certain reclassifications to the unaudited consolidated interim financial information associated with our presentation of MPW as discontinued operations. Refer to Note 4, Discontinued Operations. 133Table of ContentsAPOLLO GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedThe following tables set forth selected unaudited quarterly financial information for each of our last eight  thousands, except per share dataNovember  Quarterly Statements of Income:Net  and expenses:Instructional and student   and  and  for uncollectible accounts  and other intangibles impairment16,788Restructuring and other  charge4,725Total costs and   income506215160306Interest  net140218402520Income from continuing operations before income  for income  from continuing  from discontinued operations, net of tax2,1481,9303,10426,641Net  loss income attributable to noncontrolling  income attributable to  per share Basic:1Continuing operations attributable to  operations attributable to Apollo002001002020Basic income per share attributable to  per share Diluted:1Continuing operations attributable to  operations attributable to Apollo001002002020Diluted income per share attributable to  weighted average shares  weighted average shares  sum of quarterly income per share may not equal annual income per share due to rounding134Table of ContentsAPOLLO GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  thousands, except per share dataNovember 30February281May31August 31Consolidated Quarterly Statements of Operations:Net  and expenses:Instructional and student   and  for uncollectible accounts  and  and other charges3,84619,067Goodwill and other intangibles impairment219,927Litigation charge credit, net8811,5742,04816,454Total costs and  income  income899704783498Interest  net543131,86417Income loss from continuing operations before income  for income  loss from continuing  loss from discontinued operations, net of tax6383,9943,3341,257Net income  income loss attributable to noncontrolling  income loss attributable to  loss per share Basic:2Continuing operations attributable to  operations attributable to Apollo003002001Basic income loss per share attributable to  loss per share Diluted:2Continuing operations attributable to  operations attributable to  income loss per share attributable to  weighted average shares  weighted average shares  effective income tax rate and net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests was significantly affected in the second quarter of fiscal year2011 by BPP goodwill and other intangibles impairment charges2The sum of quarterly income per share may not equal annual income per share due to rounding and the net loss in the second quarter of fiscal year 2011135Table of ContentsItem 1.Business4Item! 1A.Risk Factors28Item 1B.Unresolved Staff Comments48Item 2.Properties48Item 3.Legal Proceedings48Item! 4.Mine Safety Disclosures48PARTIIItem 5 Controls and ProceduresDisclosure Controls and ProceduresWe intend to maintain disclosure controls and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the specified time periods and accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer Principal Executive Officer and our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. We have established a Disclosure Committee, consisting of certain members of management, to assist in this evaluation. Our Disclosure Committee meets on a quarterly basis and more often if necessary.Our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules13a-15e or 15d-15e promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, management concluded that, as of that date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level.Attached as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form10-K are certifications of our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, which are required in accordance with Rule13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act. This Disclosure Controls and Procedures section includes information concerning managements evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures referred to in those certifications and, as such, should be read in conjunction with the certifications of our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer.Managements Report on Internal Control Over Financial ReportingManagement is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting. Managements intent is to design a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP in the United States of America.Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:ipertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets;iiprovide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors;andiiiprovide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.Management performed an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of August31, 2012, utilizing the criteria described in the Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The objective of this assessment was to determine whether our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of August31, 2012. Based on our assessment, management believes that, as of August31, 2012, the Companys internal control over financial reporting is effective.Our independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte Touche LLP, independently assessed the effectiveness of the Companys internal control over financial reporting. Deloitte Touche LLP has issued a report, which is included at the end of PartII, Item9A of this Annual Report on Form10-K.Changes in Internal Control Over Financial ReportingThere have not been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended August31, 2012, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting136Table of ContentsREPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRMTo the Board of Directors and Shareholders ofApollo Group, Inc. and SubsidiariesPhoenix, ArizonaWe have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Apollo Group, Inc. and subsidiaries the Company as of August31, 2012, based on criteria established in Internal ControlIntegrated Frameworkissued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The Companys management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Managements Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Companys internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.A companys internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the companys principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the companys board of directors, management, and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A companys internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that 1pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 2provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 3provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the companys assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of August31, 2012, based on the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Frameworkissued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended August31, 2012of the Company, and our report dated October22, 2012expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements./s/DELOITTE TOUCHE LLPPhoenix, ArizonaOctober22, 2012137Table of Contents