Item8.
Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data   Our consolidated financial statements appear on pages43
through 79 in this report and are incorporated herein by
reference. See Index to consolidated financial statements on
page42.   
39 Table of Contents   
Item1.   Business   3
Item1A.   Risk
Factors   10
Item1B.   Unresolved Staff
Comments   16
Item2.   Properties   17
Item3.   Legal
Proceedings   17
Item4.
Controls
and Procedures   Disclosure
Controls and Procedures   Our management, including our principal executive officer and
principal financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of
our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in
Rules13a-15e
and
15d-15e
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 the Exchange Act,
as of the end of the period covered by this annual report. Based
on that evaluation, the principal executive officer and
principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures are effective for the purpose of
ensuring that material information required to be in reports
that we file under the Exchange Act is irecorded.
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the SEC rules and forms and iiis
accumulated and communicated to our management, including its
principal executive and principal financial officers, as
appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure.   Internal
Control over Financial Reporting   aManagements report on internal control over
financial reporting   The information required to be furnished under this heading is
set forth under the captions Managements Report on
Internal Control over Financial Reporting on page43.   bAttestation report of the registered public
accounting firm   The information required to be furnished under this heading is
set forth under the captions Report of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm on page45.   cChanges in internal control over financial
reporting   As required by
Rule13a-15d
of the Exchange Act, our management, including our principal
executive officer and principal financial officer, has evaluated
our internal control over financial reporting to determine
whether any changes occurred during the fourth fiscal quarter
covered by this annual report that have materially affected, or
are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting. Based on that evaluation, there has
been no such change during the fourth quarter.   
Item1.   Business   3
Item1A.   Risk
Factors   10
Item1B.   Unresolved Staff
Comments   16
Item2.   Properties   17
Item3.   Legal
Proceedings   17
Item4.
Directors,
Executive Officers and Corporate Governance   Information required by this item will be included in our
definitive Proxy Statement prepared in connection with the 2007
annual meeting of stockholders and is incorporated herein by
reference.   Code of
Ethics and Business Conduct   We have adopted a code of ethics and business conduct that
applies to all our directors, officers, employees and
representatives. This code is publicly available on our website
at  Amendments to the
code of ethics and business conduct and any grant of a waiver
from a provision of the code requiring disclosure under
applicable SEC rules will be disclosed on our website. These
materials may also be requested in print, without charge, by
writing to our Investor Relations department at Horizon
Offshore, Inc., 2500 CityWest Boulevard, Suite2200,
Houston, Texas, 77042. The information posted on or available
through our website is not incorporated into this Annual Report.   
40 Table of Contents   
