ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the
section entitled Financial Statements and Selected Financial Data in the 1998
Annual Report to Shareholders.
Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
Pixar is not party to any material legal proceedings.
Item 4. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY
DIRECTORS
The members of Pixar Board of Directors as of March 31, 1999 are as
follows:
NAME      AGE         POSITION WITH PIXAR
Steve Jobs      44   Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Office of
the President
Larry W. Sonsini   58   Director
Skip M. Brittenham  57   Director
Joseph A. Graziano  55   Director
Jill E. Barad     47   Director
Mr. Jobs is a co-founder of Pixar and has served as its Chairman since
March 1991, as its Chief Executive Officer since February 1986 and in the Office
of the President since February 1995. He has been a director of Pixar since
February 1986. In addition, Mr. Jobs currently serves as interim Chief Executive
Officer and as a member of the Board of Directors of Apple Computer, Inc.
Apple. Mr. Jobs was also a co-founder of NeXT Software, Inc. NeXT, which
developed and marketed object-oriented software for client/server business
applications and the Internet, and served as the Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer of NeXT from October 1985 until February 1997, when NeXT was acquired by
Apple. Mr. Jobs then served as an advisor to Apple on a limited basis until
assuming his current role as interim Chief Executive Officer at Apple.
Mr. Sonsini has served as a director of Pixar since April 1995 and served
as Secretary from April 1995 to October 1995. He has been an attorney with the
law firm of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati since 1966 and currently serves as
the Chairman of the firm Executive Committee. Mr. Sonsini also serves as a
director of Lattice Semiconductor Corporation and Novell, Inc. Mr. Sonsini
received A.B. and L.L.B. degrees from the University of California, Berkeley.
Mr. Brittenham has served as a director of Pixar since August 1995. He has
been an attorney with the law firm of Ziffren, Brittenham, Branca & Fischer, an
entertainment law firm, since 1978. Mr. Brittenham currently serves on the board
of, or is a trustee of, numerous charitable organizations, including
Conservation International, the American Oceans Campaign, the Environmental
Media Association and the Alternative Medical AIDS Foundation. Mr. Brittenham
received a B.S. from the United States Air Force Academy and a J.D. from the
University of California at Los Angeles.
Mr. Graziano has served as a director of Pixar since August 1995. From June
1989 to December 1995, he was the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer of Apple and was a member of the Board of Directors of Apple from June
1993 until October 1995. From May 1987 to June 1989, Mr. Graziano served as
Chief Financial Officer of Sun Microsystems, Inc. and from October 1981 to May
1985 as Chief Financial Officer of Apple. In addition, he has held accounting
positions with various technology companies in the Silicon Valley. Mr. Graziano
also serves as a director of IntelliCorp, Inc., Carrier Access Corporation and
CIDCO Incorporated. Mr. Graziano received a B.S. in accounting from Merrimack
College and is a certified public accountant.
Ms. Barad has served as a director of Pixar since July 1997. She has been
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Mattel, Inc. since October 1997. From
January 1997 to October 1997, she was President and Chief Executive Officer of
Mattel, Inc., and from July 1992 until December 1996, she was President and
Chief Operating Officer. Ms. Barad serves as a director of Mattel, Inc. and
Microsoft Corporation.
In addition, Lawrence B. Levy and Edwin E. Catmull will become members of
Pixar Board of Directors effective in April 1999. See the section entitled
Executive Officers of Pixar at the end of Part I of this Form 10-K.
33
35
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
The information required by this item concerning the executive officers of
Pixar is incorporated by reference to the information set forth in the section
entitled Executive Officers of Pixar at the end of Part I of this Form 10-K.
SECTION 16A BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE
Section 16a of the Exchange Act Section 16a requires Pixar
executive officers, directors and persons who own more than ten percent of
Pixar Common Stock, to file initial reports of ownership on Form 3 and changes
in ownership on Form 4 or Form 5 with the SEC and the National Association of
Securities Dealers, Inc. Such executive officers, directors and ten-percent
shareholders are also required by SEC rules to furnish Pixar with copies of all
such forms that they file.
Based solely on its review of the copies of such forms received by Pixar
and written representations from certain reporting persons that no Forms 5 were
required for such persons, Pixar believes that during fiscal 1998 all Section
16a filing requirements applicable to its executive officers, directors and
ten-percent shareholders were complied with.
