Item 8. -- Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.36
Independent Auditors' 
UniSource Energy Corporation
Consolidated Statements of 
Consolidated Statements of Cash  K-iv
TABLE OF CONTENTS
continued
Page
Consolidated Balance Sheets 
Consolidated Statements of Capitalization 
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity Deficit.42
Tucson Electric Power Company
Consolidated Statements of Income 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
Consolidated Balance Sheets 
Consolidated Statements of Capitalization 
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity Deficit.47
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 1. Nature of Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
Nature of Operations 
Basis of Presentation 
Use of Estimates 
Regulation 
Accounting for the Effects of Regulation
Accounting 
Potential Discontinuation of Application of FAS 71 in the Future.50
Recent Events That May Impact TEP Application of FAS 71.50
TEP Utility Plant 
Utility Plant Under Capital Leases 
Springerville Unit 1 Allowance 
Deferred Springerville Common Facility Costs 
Utility Operating Revenues 
MSR Option Gain Regulatory Liability 
Fuel Costs 
Income Taxes 
Emission Allowances 
Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
Reclassification 
Note 2. Rate Matters
Shared Savings Proposal 
Springerville Coal Contract Termination Fee 
1996 Rate Order 
Note 3. Income Taxes  
Note 4. Consolidated Subsidiaries
MEH Subsidiaries
Nations Energy 
Advanced Energy Technologies, 
Millennium Energy Holdings, 
TEP Subsidiaries 
Note 5. Long and Short-Term Debt and Capital Lease Obligations
Long-Term Debt 
TEP Sale of 
TEP Bank Credit 
TEP First and Second 
TEP Letters of 
TEP Capital Lease Obligations 
TEP Maturities and Sinking Fund Requirements 
Short-Term Debt 
Note 6. Dividend and Loan Restrictions
Restrictive Covenants--Dividends
UniSource 
K-v
TABLE OF CONTENTS
concluded
Page
Restrictions on TEP Ability to Make Loans and Advances.62
Note 7. Commitments and Contingencies
Utility Contractual Matters
Fuel Purchase 
Coal and Transportation Contracts - Reversal of Accrued Liabilities.63
Commitments-Environmental 
Contingencies
Ruling on Arizona Sales Tax Assessments - Coal Sales.64
Arizona Sales Tax Assessments - 
Income Tax 
Note 8. Jointly Owned 
Note 9. Employee Benefits Plans
Voluntary Severance Plan 
Pension 
Postretirement Benefits Other Than 
Stock Option 
Note 10. Earnings Per 
Note 11. Quarterly Financial Data 
Note 12. Supplemental Cash Flow 
Item 2. --  K-iii
TABLE OF CONTENTS
continued
Page
Item 3. -- Legal Proceedings
Tax 
Item 4. -- Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.18
- PART II Item 5. -- Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial 
Security Ownership of 
Item 2. --  K-iii
TABLE OF CONTENTS
continued
Page
Item 3. -- Legal Proceedings
Tax 
Item 4. -- Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.18
- PART II Item 5. -- Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, and Reports on Form 8-K76
Exhibit  K-vi
DEFINITIONS
The abbreviations and acronyms used in the 1997 Form 10-K are defined below ACC.  Arizona Corporation Commission.
ACC Staff.  Staff of the Arizona Corporation Commission.
ADEQ.  Arizona Department of Environmental Quality.
AET.  Advanced Energy Technologies, Inc., a wholly-owned
subsidiary of MEH Corporation.
AFDC.  Allowance for Funds Used During Construction.
APS.  Arizona Public Service Company.
Banks.  Various banks with which TEP has credit 
relationships.
Brookland.  Brookland Financial Corporation, a wholly-owned,
indirect subsidiary of SRI, which formerly 
initiated and sold vehicle contract receivable
portfolios.
BTU.  British Thermal Units.
CAAA.  Federal Clean Air Act Amendments.
Century.  Century Power Corporation, an indirect subsidiary of
the Catalyst Corporation and formerly known as 
Alamito Company.
Commission or SEC.  Securities and Exchange Commission.
Common Stock.  The Company common stock, without par value.
Company or UniSource
Energy.  UniSource Energy Corporation.
Credit Agreement.  Credit Agreement between TEP and the Banks, dated
as of December 30, 1997.
EITF.  Emerging Issues Task Force of the Financial 
Accounting Standards Board.
Emission Allowances.  An EPA issued allowance which permits emission of one
ton of sulfur dioxide. Such allowances can be sold.
EPA.  The Environmental Protection Agency.
FAS 71.  Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 71:
Accounting for theEffects of Certain Types of
Regulation.
FAS 101.  Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 101:
Regulated Enterprises - Accounting for the
Discontinuation of Application of   FAS 71.
FAS 121.  Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 121:
Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets
and for Long-Lived Assets to Be Disposed Of.
FAS 123.  Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123:
Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation.
FERC.  Federal Energy Regulatory Commission.
Financial Restructuring  The comprehensive financial restructuring of TEP
obligations to certain of TEP creditors and lease
participants and Century and the Springerville Unit
1 Leases' participants and the reclassification of
all shares of the Preferred Stock into Common Stock
which occurred on December 15, 1992.
First Mortgage Bonds.  First mortgage bonds issued under the General First
Mortgage.
Four Corners.  Four Corners Generating Station.
GAAP.  Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.
General First Mortgage.  The Indenture, dated as of April 1, 1941, of Tucson
Gas, Electric Light and Power Company to The Chase
National Bank of the City of New York, as trustee,
as supplemented and amended.
General Second Mortgage  The Indenture, dated as of December 1, 1992, of
Tucson Electric Power Company to Bank of Montreal
Trust Company of the City of New York, as trustee,
as supplemented. K-vii
DEFINITIONS
continued
Global Solar.  Global Solar Energy, L.L.C., a corporation in which a
50% interest is owned by AET.
Holding Company Act.  The Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935, as
amended.
IBEW 1116.  International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers labor
union, Local Chapter 1116.
IDBs.  Industrial development revenue or pollution control
revenue bonds.
IRS.  Internal Revenue Service.
Irvington.  Irvington Generating Station.
Irvington Lease.  The leveraged lease arrangement relating to Irvington
Unit 4.
ITC.  Investment tax credit.
kW.  Kilowatts.
kWh.  Kilowatt-hours.
kV.  Kilovolts.
kVA.  Kilovoltamperes.
LOC.  Letter of Credit.
MEH.  MEH Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of 
UniSource Energy.
Millennium.  Millennium Energy Holdings, Inc., a wholly-owned
subsidiary of MEH.
MRA.  Master restructuring agreement between TEP and the
Banks which included the Renewable Term Loan,
Revolving Credit, and certain replacement 
reimbursement agreements, which was terminated on
December 30, 1997.
MSR.  Modesto, Santa Clara and Redding Public Power Agency.
MW.  Megawatts.
MWh.  Megawatt-hours.
Nations Energy.  Nations Energy Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary
of MEH.
Navajo.  Navajo Generating Station.
NEV.  New Energy Ventures, L.L.C., a company in which a 50%
interest is owned by Millennium.
NOL.  Net Operating Losses.
1981 Apache B Bonds.  $100 million principal amount of variable rate IDBs
which are secured by First Mortgage Bonds.
1996 Rate Order.  ACC Rate Order concerning an increase in TEP retail
base rates and the recovery of Springerville Unit
2 costs, issued March 29, 1996.
1994 Rate Order.  ACC Rate Order concerning an increase in TEP retail
base rates and regulatory write-offs, issued 
January 11, 1994.
1991 Rate Order.  ACC Rate Order concerning an increase in TEP retail
base rates, regulatory write-offs and rate and
accounting synchronization, issued October 11,
1991.
1989 Rate Order.  The ACC October 24, 1989, Rate Order concerning 
TEP 1988 application for a rate increase.
NTUA.  Navajo Tribal Utility Authority.
PDEQ.  Pima County Department of Environmental Quality.
Preferred Stock.  TEP previously outstanding Cumulative Preferred 
Stock, $100 Par Value, and Cumulative Preferred
Stock No Parwhich were reclassified into Common
Stock pursuant to the Financial Restructuring.
PNM.  Public Service Company of New Mexico.
Renewable Term Loan.  Credit facility that replaced the Term Loan pursuant
to the MRA Sixth Amendment, dated as of November 1,
1994, and effective March 7, 1995, and which was 
terminated December 30, 1997.
Revolving Credit.  $100 million revolving credit facility entered into
under the Credit Agreement between a syndicate of
certain of the Banks and TEP.
San Carlos.  San Carlos Resources Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary
of TEP.
San Juan.  San Juan Generating Station.
San Juan Unit 3.  Unit 3 of San Juan. K-viii
DEFINITIONS
concluded
SCE.  Southern California Edison Company, a subsidiary of
Edison International.
Second Mortgage Bonds.  TEP second mortgage bonds issued under the General
Second Mortgage.
Securities Exchange Act  The Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended.
Shareholders.  Holders of Common Stock.
SES.  Southwest Energy Solutions, Inc., a wholly-owned
subsidiary of MEH.
Springerville.  Springerville Generating Station.
Springerville Coal 
Handling Facilities
Leases.  Leveraged lease arrangements relating to the coal
handling facilities serving Springerville.
Springerville Common
Facilities.  Facilities at Springerville used in common with
Springerville Unit 1 and Springerville Unit 2.
Springerville Common
Facilities Leases.  Leveraged lease arrangements relating to an undivided
one-half interest in certain Springerville Common
Facilities.
Springerville Unit 1.  Unit 1 of the Springerville Generating Station.
Springerville Unit 1 
Leases.  Leveraged lease arrangement pursuant to
which Century leased Springerville Unit 1 and an
undivided one-half interest in certain 
Springerville Common Facilities and which has been
assumed by TEP.
Springerville Unit 2.  Unit 2 of the Springerville Generating Station.
SRI.  Sierrita Resources Inc., a wholly-owned investment
subsidiary of TEP.
SRP.  Salt River Project Agricultural Improvement and Power
District.
SSP.  Shared Savings Proposal filed by TEP with the ACC
July 9, 1997 requesting a 11% annual retail rate
reduction.
SWPP.  SWPP Investment Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary of
SES.
SWPPI.  SWPP International, a wholly-owned subsidiary of SES.
TEP.  Tucson Electric Power Company, the principal
subsidiary of UniSource Energy.
TRI.  Tucson Resources Inc., a wholly-owned investment
subsidiary of TEP.
UniSource Energy.  UniSource Energy Corporation.
Valencia.  Valencia Energy Company, previously a wholly-owned
subsidiary of TEP, merged into TEP on May 31, 1996.
VSP.  Voluntary Severance Plan offered to TEP employees and
implemented in May 1996.
Warrants. Warrants for purchase of TEP Common Stock which were
issued under the Financial Restructuring to the 
owner participants in the Springerville Unit 1
Leases.
WSCC. Western Systems Coordinating Council. K-ix
PART I
This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements as
defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-
looking statements should be read with the cautionary statements and
important factors included in this Form 10-K. See Item 7. - Management
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,
Safe Harbor for Forward-Looking Statements. Forward-looking statements
include statements concerning plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future
events or performance and underlying assumptions and other statements which
are other than statements of historical facts. Such forward-looking
statements may be identified, without limitation, by the use of the words
anticipates, estimates, expects, intends, plans, predicts,
projects, and similar expressions. The expectations, beliefs and
projections of UniSource Energy and TEP are expressed in good faith and are
believed by UniSource Energy and TEP to have a reasonable basis, including
without limitation, management examination of historical operating trends,
data contained in the records of UniSource Energy and TEP and other data
available from third parties, but there can be no assurance that management
expectations, beliefs or projections will result or be achieved or
accomplished. ITEM 1. -- BUSINESS
- 
THE COMPANY
UniSource Energy Corporation UniSource Energy or the Company was
incorporated under the laws of the State of Arizona on March 8, 1995.
UniSource Energy is a holding company which owns all of the outstanding
common stock of Tucson Electric Power Company TEP and MEH Corporation
MEH. On January 1, 1998, TEP and UniSource Energy completed a statutory
share exchange, pursuant to which the outstanding common stock of TEP was
exchanged, on a share-for-share basis, for shares of UniSource Energy common
stock, no par value. Following the share exchange, TEP transferred the stock
of its subsidiary, MEH, to UniSource Energy in exchange for a promissory note
in the approximate amount of $95 million. See Note 1 of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements.
TEP was incorporated under the laws of the State of Arizona on December
16, 1963. TEP is the successor by merger as of February 20, 1964, to a
Colorado corporation which was incorporated on January 25, 1902. TEP is an
operating public utility engaged in the generation, purchase, transmission,
distribution and sale of electricity for customers in the City of Tucson and
the surrounding area and to wholesale customers. TEP holds a franchise which
expires in 2001 to provide electric service to customers in the City of
Tucson.
TEP owns all of the outstanding stock of San Carlos Resources Inc. San
Carlos, which holds title to Springerville Unit 2. TEP also owns all of the
outstanding stock of two non-energy related subsidiaries, Tucson Resources
Inc. TRI and Sierrita Resources Inc. SRI. In 1994, TRI and SRI
substantially completed the process of liquidating their respective
investments.
MEH owns all of the outstanding common stock of i Nations Energy
Corporation Nations Energy, which is active in the development of
independent power projects worldwide, ii Millennium Energy Holdings, Inc.
Millennium, which holds a 50% interest in New Energy Ventures, L.L.C.
NEV, a buyer agent providing electric load aggregation and advisory
services to retail purchasers of electric energy, iii Advanced Energy
Technologies, Inc. AET, which holds a 50% interest in Global Solar Energy,
L.L.C. Global Solar, a manufacturer of thin-film photovoltaic cells, and
iv Southwest Energy Solutions, Inc. SES, a provider of ancillary energy
services to electric consumers. SES owns all of the outstanding common stock
of SWPP Investment Company SWPP and SWPP International, Ltd. SWPPI, which
hold ownership interests in businesses engaged in the manufacture and sale of
concrete power poles. See Energy-Related Ventures below for a discussion of
these subsidiaries.
TEP is the principal subsidiary of UniSource Energy and accounts for
substantially all of its assets, revenues and net income. The financial
condition and results of operations of TEP are currently the principal
factors affecting the financial condition and results of operations of
UniSource Energy. Depending upon the nature of future investment
opportunities, UniSource Energy expects to make additional investments in MEH
and its subsidiaries, as well as other energy-related ventures. Over time,
investments in energy-related ventures may have a material impact on
UniSource Energy future cash flow and profitability.  CERTAIN RISKS
For descriptions of certain factors affecting UniSource Energy and TEP,
including commitments and contingencies, which subject UniSource Energy and
TEP to continuing risks, see i Item 3., Legal Proceedings; ii Item 7.,
Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations, Overview and Safe Harbor for Forward-Looking Statements; and
iii Notes 1 and 7 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Nature of
Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, and Commitments
and Contingencies, respectively. UTILITY OPERATIONS
-   PEAK DEMAND AND CUSTOMERS
Certain operating and system data related to TEP utility operations
for each of the last five years are summarized in the following table  
1997   1996    1995    1994    1993
Peak Demand                          - MW -
Retail Customers-Net One Hour      1,659   1,619   1,617    1,585   1,449
Other Utilities-Firm            177    177    223     226    225
Non-Coincident Peak Demand A    1,836   1,796   1,840    1,811   1,674
Total Generating Resources        1,992   1,952   1,952    1,952   1,952
Other Resources 1            235    133    133     23     23
Total TEP Resources B        2,227   2,085   2,085    1,975   1,975
Total Reserves B - A         391    289    245     164    301
Reserve Margin % of Non-Coincident
Peak Demand               21%    16%    13%     9%    18%
1 Other Resources include certain other capacity purchases and
interruptible retail load.    The peak demand for TEP retail service area occurs during the summer
months due to the space cooling requirements of its retail customers. TEP
has experienced growth in peak demand of retail customers at an average
annual rate of approximately 35% for the past five years. The load of its
mining customers comprised on average approximately 98% of the retail peak
demand for the past five years.
In 1997, based on non-coincident peak demand, TEP reserve margin
increased to 21% compared with 16% in the prior year. This increase was due
to increases in the generating capability at Springerville and in the
percentage of retail load served on an interruptible basis. TEP seeks to
maintain a reserve margin equal to its largest single hazard plus 5% of its
non-coincident peak demand in accordance with guidelines established by the
WSCC. The targeted reserve requirement in 1997 was 304 MW, or 17% of non-
coincident peak demand. It is expected that near-term growth in demand will
be met with existing resources and additional resources as discussed in
Future Generating Resources below. Also, see TEP Resources below for a
discussion of TEP electric generating resources.
TEP total number of retail customers grew at a moderate rate in 1997.
As of year-end, the number of customers increased by 19% compared to the
five-year annual average rate of 26%. The growth rate in the number of
retail electric customers in TEP service territory is expected to be
approximately 20% annually through the year 2002. Retail peak demand in
TEP service territory is expected to grow at an average annual rate of 27%
during the same period. The average annual rate of growth of energy sales to
those retail customers is anticipated to be approximately 20% for the
remainder of the decade. On average, residential, non-mining industrial, and
mining energy sales are expected to account for 35%, 28%, and 16 respectively, of the projected sales for the remainder of the decade. The
expected growth in the number of customers, retail peak demand and retail
sales is based, in part, upon publicly available population and demographic
studies conducted by persons or entities unaffiliated with TEP. Such
statements are also based upon various assumptions including, without
limitation, assumptions relating to weather, economic and competitive
conditions, including the assumption that TEP will incur no significant loss
of retail customers due to self-generation or retail wheeling.
TEP has two principal mining customers. In 1997, the sales to these
customers totaled approximately 16% of TEP total retail energy sales, and
their contract demands totaled approximately 12% of the 1997 retail peak
demand. Revenues from sales to mining customers accounted for approximately
9% of TEP retail revenues in 1997 and 1996 and approximately 10% in 1995.
Sales to mining customers are expected to grow at a rate of approximately
16% over the next five years due to production facility expansions made in
late 1997. However, sales to mining customers are dependent on a variety of
factors including, but not limited to, changes in supply and demand factors
in the international copper market and the economics of self-generation.
TEP serves its two principal mining customers under reduced rate
contracts designed to induce them to continue to purchase electricity from
TEP rather than self-generate. These contracts expire after the year 2000.
However, such contracts contain various provisions allowing the customers to
terminate partially or entirely, under certain circumstances, provided that
TEP is notified at least one and up to two years prior to such termination.
No termination notices have been received by TEP. The ability to extend
contracts and to avoid early termination will depend on market conditions and
available alternatives. TEP expects growth in retail sales to compensate for
such reduced rate contracts.
Future markets and prices for fuel, as well as ACC decisions regarding
rate design and retail wheeling, will affect the sales of electric energy.
Such factors will affect customers' choice of source of supply, usage
characteristics, and may affect agreements between TEP and certain contract
customers see Competition below.
SALES FOR RESALE
TEP makes sales for resale to others on both a firm and an
interruptible basis. To the extent electric generating capacity is not being
utilized in the provision of energy to TEP retail customers, such as during
off-peak periods, TEP markets this capacity and energy at wholesale. Surplus
energy is sold from time to time under various power pooling arrangements.
TEP currently has contracts to sell firm capacity as follows                Minimum
Contract
Company          Demand MW  Contract Term
SRP              100    June 1, 1991 - May 31, 2011
NTUA Phase I 1       60    July 1, 1997 - May 31, 1999
NTUA Phase II 1     40/50    June 1, 1999 - December 31, 2009
City of Farmington 2     25    November 1, 1997 - February 29, 2000
1 The agreement with NTUA was extended and restructured in 1997. Phase I
provides for a minimum contract demand of 60 MW during the contract period.
During Phase II, TEP will provide 40 MW of firm power in the summer months
May - September and 50 MW of firm power in the winter months October -
April.
2 The City of Farmington, New Mexico will purchase up to 25 MW of firm
power during the months of November, December, January and February.    TEP continues to actively market available excess energy in the short-
term markets hourly up to one year and, to the extent that it is economic,
commitments for available generating capacity and energy in the longer term
markets one year and longer. Competition to sell capacity is expected to
remain vigorous in the next few years as a result of surplus capacity in the
Southwestern United States, the restructuring of the electric utility
industry in California and other western states, and the presence of a highly
competitive spot market in the Western United States. Regarding the
contracts described above, TEP cannot currently make any predictions about
the replacement or extension of such contracts in the future.
COMPETITION
See Item 7. -- Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations, Competition, for a discussion of
developments regarding competition in the industry at the wholesale as well
as at the retail level. GENERATING AND OTHER RESOURCES
- 
TEP RESOURCES
The total net generating capability owned or leased by
TEP at December 31, 1997, was 1,992 MW as set forth in the
following table                               Net        
Capa-     
bili-  Oper-   TEP'S
Unit           Fuel   ly   ating   SHARE
Generating Source    No.  Location     Type   MW   Agent  %    MW
-                    -                                   
Springerville Station  1   Springerville, AZ  Coal   380   TEP  1000  380  
Springerville Station  2   Springerville, AZ  Coal   380   TEP  1000  380
San Juan Station    1   Farmington, NM   Coal   316   PNM  500   158
San Juan Station    2   Farmington, NM   Coal   312   PNM  500   156
Navajo Station     1   Page, AZ      Coal   750   SRP  75    56
Navajo Station     2   Page, AZ      Coal   750   SRP  75    56
Navajo Station     3   Page, AZ      Coal   750   SRP  75    56
Four Corners Station  4   Farmington, NM   Coal   784   APS  70    55
Four Corners Station  5   Farmington, NM   Coal   784   APS  70    55
Irvington Station    1   Tucson, AZ     Gas/Oil  81   TEP  1000   81
Irvington Station    2   Tucson, AZ     Gas/Oil  81   TEP  1000   81
Irvington Station    3   Tucson, AZ     Gas/Oil  104   TEP  1000  104
Irvington Station    4   Tucson, AZ     Coal/Gas/ 156   TEP  1000  156
Oil
Internal Combustion      Tucson, AZ     Gas/Oil  218   TEP  1000  218
Turbines                                               
Total Company Capiacity 1                         1,992
1 Excludes 235 MW of additional resources, which consists
of certain other capacity purchases and interruptible
retail load. At December 31, 1997, total owned capacity
was 1,360 MW and leased capacity was 632 MW. Internal
combustion turbines with 96 MW of capacity are leased by
TEP. This lease expires in April 1998. TEP is
evaluating the purchase or continued leasing of such
turbines, or alternatively, the purchase of firm
capacity during summer months to meet targeted reserve
requirements.     Springerville Station
The Springerville Station consists of two coal-fired units.
Springerville Unit 1 began commercial operation in 1985 and is leased and
operated by TEP. Springerville Unit 2 commenced commercial operation in June
1990 and is owned by San Carlos and operated by TEP. Based on a review of
generating unit capabilities and changes in certain operating procedures, the
net capacity rating for each unit was increased from 360 MW to 380 MW as of
January 1, 1997. Under emergency conditions, such units may be operated for
up to eight hours at a net capacity of 400 MW each.
The primary terms of the Springerville Unit 1 Leases expire on January
1, 2015. At December 31, 1997, the capitalized lease asset related to
Springerville Unit 1, net of allowance and accumulated amortization, was $243
million, or $639 per kW based on a 380 MW capacity rating. At the end of the
primary term, TEP may exercise fair market value purchase and renewal
options. Annual lease payments for the Springerville Unit 1 Leases will
range from $33 million to $176 million, averaging approximately $78 million.
In 1997, the cash cost to TEP of Springerville Unit 1 capacity attributable
to rent obligations and other operation and maintenance expenses was $77
million, or an average of approximately $17 per kW per month based on a 380
MW capacity rating. Such average cash cost is estimated to be approximately
$20 per kW per month approximately $93 million per year for the period from
January 1998 through December 2002 and will increase thereafter. However,
due to timing differences between cash and accrued expenses, capacity costs
attributable to rent obligations and other operation and maintenance expenses
were accrued in TEP financial statements during 1997 at an average of
approximately $21 per kW per month, or $94 million for the year, before
amortization of the regulatory allowance and related interest expense. The
estimated expense is expected to average approximately $21 per kW per month
approximately $97 million per year for the period from January 1998 through
December 2002 and is expected to increase slightly thereafter. The 1991 Rate
Order allowed TEP to recover the cost of 360 MW of capacity for Springerville
Unit 1 the then rated capacity for the unit, but limited such recovery to a
rate of $15 per kW per month approximately $65 million per year.
Substantially all of the present value of disallowed Springerville Unit 1
costs was recorded as a loss in 1990, and as a result of the Financial
Restructuring, an additional loss was recorded in 1992. The losses together
reflect the present value of the difference between projected costs and the
amount TEP is allowed to recover through the lease term ending January 1,
2015. See Note 1 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Nature of
Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, Springerville Unit
1 Allowance.
In December 1985, pursuant to the Springerville Common Facilities
Leases, TEP sold and leased back a 50% interest in the Springerville Common
Facilities. The sales price of such facilities was $132 million. At
December 31, 1997, the capitalized lease asset related to this interest in
the Springerville Common Facilities, net of accumulated amortization, was
$119 million. The initial lease term for the Springerville Common Facilities
Leases expires in 2017 for one owner participant and 2021 for the other two
owner participants, subject to optional renewal periods and purchase options.
Annual lease payments under these leases vary with changes in the interest
rate on the underlying debt. Such lease payments totaled approximately $12
million per year in 1995, 1996 and 1997. Based on current interest rates,
average annual lease payments would total approximately $10 million.
Including one-half of the cost of the Springerville Common Facilities
but excluding the cost of coal-handling facilities at Springerville which
were included in recoverable fuel costs, the total initial cost of
Springerville Unit 2 was $838 million, or $2,328 per kW based on the previous
360 MW capacity rating. In the 1991 Rate Order, the ACC disallowed recovery
from retail customers of $175 million of the book value of Springerville Unit
2. TEP recorded a loss for such disallowance in 1991. The net recoverable
cost, including the leased common facilities, is $663 million or $1,842 per
kW based on the previous 360 MW capacity rating.
Irvington Station
In January 1988, TEP began coal-fired commercial operation and entered
into a sale and leaseback arrangement for Irvington Unit 4 pursuant to the
Irvington Lease. The unit was sold at its cost of $152 million. At December
31, 1997, the capitalized lease asset related to Irvington Unit 4, net of
accumulated amortization, was $112 million. This lease calls for annual
payments which range from approximately $11 million to $14 million and which
average approximately $13 million. The lease term expires in 2011, but the
lease has optional renewal and purchase option provisions.
Irvington Unit 4 156 MW capability has the flexibility to operate on
coal, gas or fuel oil. Coal has been the primary fuel and natural gas the
secondary fuel.
SCE/TEP POWER EXCHANGE AGREEMENT
As part of a 1992 litigation settlement, TEP and SCE agreed to a ten-
year power exchange agreement. Under the agreement, which began in May 1995,
SCE provides firm system capacity of 110 MW to TEP during summer months, for
which TEP pays an annual capacity charge of approximately $1 million
increasing annually after the year 2000 to a maximum of approximately $2
million annually. TEP is entitled to schedule firm energy deliveries from
SCE during the summer May 15 through September 15 of up to 36,300 MWh per
month, and is obligated to return to SCE on an interruptible basis the same
amount of energy the following winter season November 1 through February
28. The energy provided pursuant to the exchange is expensed based upon the
estimated cost of interruptible energy to be provided to SCE. Pursuant to
the exchange agreement TEP received 136,508 MWh from SCE in 1997, of which
46,435 MWh was returned to SCE as of December 31, 1997.
FUTURE GENERATING RESOURCES
In December 1995, TEP filed an integrated resource plan pursuant to the
ACC regulations governing resource planning. In its filing TEP projected
the need for an additional 128 MW of peaking resources in 1998 and additional
peaking resources in the year 2002 and beyond. No need for additional base
load generation facilities was forecast through the year 2010. Subsequently,
TEP has delayed the need for peaking resources to 2001 through a review of
net generating capabilities at Springerville and an increase in the
percentage of retail load served now on an interruptible basis. TEP
reserve levels may be affected if the lease on certain gas turbines 96 MW
expires in April 1998 without an agreement to purchase or continue leasing
such units. In that event, TEP would need to buy firm capacity or increase
the percentage of retail load served on an interruptible basis in order to
meet targeted reserve requirements.
In the 1995 integrated resource plan TEP projected that demand-side
management programs should reduce peak demand and, therefore, capacity
requirements, from what they would be without such programs by 60 MW by the
year 2000. As part of the integrated resource plan, TEP has committed to
adding 5 MW of renewable generation resources by the year 2000.
TEP assessment of future generating resources is based upon the
premise of a continued requirement to serve customers in TEP retail service
area. The need for all of these future resources may be affected by the
ACC rules on retail competition and TEP ability to retain and attract
customers. See Rates and Regulation, ACC Rules on Retail Competition below
and Item 7. - Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations, Competition.
OTHER PURCHASES
In addition to generating electricity at generating stations owned or
leased by TEP and the SCE/TEP Power Exchange, TEP participates in a number of
interchange agreements through which it can purchase additional electric
energy from other utilities. The amount of energy purchased from other
utilities varies substantially from time to time depending on the demand for
such energy, the cost of purchased energy as compared to TEP cost of
generating energy and the availability of such energy. Through these same
agreements, TEP may also sell its surplus electric energy from time to time.
TEP has transmission access to and/or power transaction arrangements
with over 180 electric systems or suppliers, including those in the southern
California markets. TEP is a member of the Southwest Reserve Sharing Group,
which is comprised of a group of utilities serving customers in portions of
the southwestern United States. The Southwest Reserve Sharing Group provides
emergency assistance and reserve sharing among its members in order to
enhance system reliability in the Desert Southwest region. TEP is also a
member of the WSCC, a group of western electric systems and suppliers that
works cooperatively to assure the reliability of the region interconnected
generation and transmission systems. In addition, TEP is a member of the
Western Systems Power Pool, a voluntary power pooling arrangement designed to
achieve more efficient use of electric generation and transmission facilities
among its members. See Competition for a discussion of possible changes in
transmission issues. RATES AND REGULATION
-   GENERAL
TEP is subject to the jurisdiction of the ACC, which has authority,
among other things, to prescribe the classifications of accounts to be used
and the rates and charges to be made and collected from retail customers, and
to regulate the issuance of securities. The ACC also has authority to
approve affiliate transactions and the establishment of holding companies and
subsidiaries under ACC promulgated Affiliated Interest Rules. TEP is also
subject to regulation by FERC in certain respects, including the terms and
prices of sales to other utilities.
Arizona law requires that TEP rates for retail sales of electric
energy be determined by the ACC on a cost of service basis and be designed
to provide, after recovery of allowable operating expenses, an opportunity to
earn a reasonable rate of return on fair value rate base. Fair value rate
base is, generally, determined by the ACC by reference to the original cost
and the reproduction cost in each case, net of depreciation of utility
plant in service to the extent deemed used and useful, and to various
adjustments for deferred taxes and other items, plus a working capital
component. Thus, over time, rate base is increased by additions to utility
plant in service and reduced by depreciation and retirements of utility plant
from service. Both operating expenses and fair value rate base determination
are subject to the judgment of the ACC regarding prudence and recoverability.
To the extent that customer choice and retail wheeling are introduced into
TEP retail service area in the future, retail rates may be changed to
reflect market levels which are different from traditional cost of service
rate levels.
TEP rates for wholesale sales of capacity and energy, generally, are
not permitted by FERC to exceed rates determined on a cost of service basis.
In the fall of 1997, TEP applied for and was granted a tariff to sell at
market based rates. Rates have historically been set by the FERC in formal
rate application proceedings. With respect to long-term firm sales, TEP
wholesale rates are substantially below rates determined on a fully allocated
cost of service basis, but, in all instances, rates exceed the level
necessary to recover fuel and other variable costs.
The ACC consists of three commissioners, each serving a six-year term.
One of the three is elected at each general election except when a vacancy
occurs prior to the expiration of a commissioner term. The present
commissioners are  James Irvin Republican, Chairman, started his first term in 1997. His
term expires in 2003.
Renz D. Jennings Democrat, began a third term in 1993. His term expires
in 1999.
Carl J. Kunasek Republican, began his first term in 1995. His term
expires in 2001.
Under a 1992 Arizona law, commissioners cannot serve consecutive terms
and can be elected to another term only after the passing of six years after
the end of their previous term as commissioners.
HOLDING COMPANY ORDER
On November 19, 1997, the ACC voted unanimously in favor of TEP
Notice of Intent to Organize a Public Utility Holding Company, filed with the
ACC in April 1997. On January 1, 1998, TEP and UniSource Energy completed a
statutory share exchange, pursuant to which the outstanding common stock of
TEP was exchanged, on a share-for-share basis, for shares of UniSource Energy
common stock, no par value. As a result of the transaction, TEP became a
wholly-owned subsidiary of UniSource Energy.
The ACC Order contained a number of conditions which will impact the
activities of UniSource Energy, TEP, and TEP sister companies i.e.,
other companies owned by UniSource Energy or its affiliates. These include -The holding company and its subsidiaries will only conduct business
activities that are part of the electric energy business as defined 
therein.
- -For five years from the commencement of operations of the holding company,
the following proceeds will be used to reduce TEP debt or added to TEP
equity accounts: i 60% of any public equity issuance by UniSource Energy;
and ii 2% of the net after-tax profits attributable to the holding 
company equity interest in TEP sister companies.
- -Until such time as TEP equity ratio equals 375% of total capital
excluding capital lease obligations, TEP may not pay dividends to 
UniSource Energy in excess of 75% of its earnings.
- -TEP will target attainment of a 375% equity ratio in its capitalization
structure for regulatory purposes by December 31, 2000. If that capital
structure goal is not attained, the ACC may set rates based on TEP
actual capital structure for regulatory purposes rather than the
hypothetical 375% equity ratio currently reflected in rates.
- -The capitalization debt and equity of TEP sister companies may not
exceed 30% of TEP capitalization unless otherwise approved by the ACC.
1996 RATE ORDER
In its order dated March 29, 1996, the ACC approved with certain
modifications a rate settlement agreement which was filed with the ACC on
March 8, 1996, and approved a one-time rate increase for TEP of 11%
approximately $64 million annually, effective March 31, 1996.
The 1996 Rate Order recognizes all of Springerville Unit 2 as used and
useful for ratemaking purposes so that TEP is presently recovering the
operating and capital costs associated with that portion of the generating
unit not previously included in rates. See Note 2 of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements, 1996 Rate Order. The 1996 Rate Order and
approved settlement agreement also establish a rate moratorium period for
TEP. TEP has committed not to file for a change in base rates prior to
January 1, 2000, except for conditions or circumstances which constitute an
emergency, for the sharing of benefits with customers of cost containment
efforts where appropriate, or in the event TEP is acquired or merged with
another company. By April 15 of each year TEP is required to provide the ACC
Staff with a report quantifying TEP cost containment efforts.
The rates approved in the 1996 Rate Order are based on a rate of return
of 659% on a fair value rate base of approximately $136 billion, or 772%
on an original cost rate base of approximately $116 billion. The capital
structure adopted by the ACC for rate making purposes assumes 625% debt and
375% equity. Consistent with previous ACC rate orders, TEP leasehold
interest in utility plant was reflected in rates through an allowance for
rental expense, and was therefore not included in rate base.   RATE PROPOSAL BEFORE THE ACC
On July 9, 1997, TEP filed with the ACC a request for an annual rate
reduction of $68 million or 11% for retail customers. This filing is in
the form of a Shared Savings Proposal SSP which promotes a sharing of
benefits with customers of cost containment efforts and the mitigation of
potential stranded costs associated with the introduction of retail electric
competition in Arizona. In the SSP, TEP identified approximately $23 million
in annual pre-tax cost containment measures of which $208 million is
allocable to ACC jurisdictional operation. These savings were realized
primarily from renegotiated fuel contracts and TEP Voluntary Severance
Program, which reduced TEP workforce by approximately 15%. No date has
been set for formal consideration of the matter by the ACC.
The proposed $68 million rate reduction represents a 50/50 sharing
with customers of $136 million of cost containment efforts. TEP proposed
that additional savings be used by TEP to mitigate potential stranded costs
through accelerated amortization of retail excess capacity deferrals. Retail
excess capacity deferrals represent those operating and capital costs
associated with Springerville Unit 2 capacity, which were deemed by the ACC
to not be recoverable in retail rates prior to the 1994 and 1996 Rate Orders.
Such retail excess capacity deferrals totaled $887 million and $936 million
at December 31, 1997 and 1996, respectively. The proposed $72 million
increase in annual amortization expense for such retail excess capacity
deferrals would decrease the amortization period from 20 years to 56 years
as of December 1996. The proposed increase in amortization expense would be
reflected in TEP regulatory accounting records but would have no impact on
the expenses included in TEP financial accounting statements.
ACC RULES ON RETAIL COMPETITION
In December 1996, the ACC voted to adopt certain rules on retail
electric competition. See Item 7. -Management Discussion of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations, Competition, Retail, for a discussion of
these rules.
FERC ORDERS ON WHOLESALE TRANSMISSION ACCESS
In April 1996, the FERC issued two orders pertaining to wholesale
transmission access. See Item 7. -Management Discussion of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations, Competition, Wholesale, for a discussion
of these orders.
OTHER RATE MATTERS
See Utility Operations, Peak Demand and Customers and Item 7. -
Management Discussion of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,
Competition, Retail for a discussion of TEP contracts and negotiations with
certain of its mining customers.
FUEL SUPPLY
GENERAL
TEP principal fuel for electric generation is low-sulfur coal. The
following table provides fuel cost information for the years 1997 through
1993       Cost Per Million BTU Consumed      Percentage of Total BTU Consumed
1997  1996  1995  1994  1993     1997  1996  1995 1994  1993
Coal A  $166 $176 $171 $175 $177      97%  98%  99%  98%  99%
Gas     274  224  169  186  276      3   2    1   2   1
All Fuels  168  177  171  175  179     100%  100%  100% 100%  100 A The average cost per ton of coal for each of the last
five years 1997 - 1993 was $3133, $3295, $3211,
$3312, and $3311, respectively.   COAL
TEP is the operator for the Springerville and Irvington generating
stations. Their coal supplies are transported from northwestern New Mexico
by railroad. In June 1997, TEP terminated its existing coal supply contract
for the Springerville Generating Station for a $50 million fee and entered
into a new contract with the same supplier, which expires in 2010, with an
option to extend the term for ten years thereafter. See Note 2 and 7 of
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Rate Matters, Springerville Coal
Contract Termination Fee and Commitments and Contingencies, Fuel Purchase
Commitments. At Irvington, the contract termination date is the earlier of
2015 or the remaining life of Unit 4. The Springerville and Irvington
contracts have various adjustment clauses which will affect the future cost
of coal delivered. Coal reserves are expected to be sufficient to supply the
estimated requirements of Springerville and Irvington for their presently
estimated remaining lives. The coal quantities for the San Juan Station, a
mine-mouth operation, are partially contracted through the year 2017. TEP
also participates in jointly owned generating facilities under long-term
contracts entered into by the operating agents. Coal supplies are surface-
mined in northern Arizona and northwestern New Mexico. The contract for coal
for Four Corners terminates in 2005. The coal quantities under contract for
the Navajo mine-mouth coal fired generating station are expected to be
sufficient to supply the estimated requirements for its presently estimated
remaining life. Additional information concerning the coal contracts is set
forth below                                 Average
Year Contract  Sulfur  Cost Per Million BTU A  Coal Obtained
Station       Coal Supplier       Terminates  Content  1997   1996    1995   From B
Four Corners    BHP Minerals International,    2005    08%   $095   $134   $115  Navajo Indian
Inc.                                        Tribe
San Juan      San Juan Coal Company       2017    08%   $174   $177   $176  Federal and State
Agencies
Navajo       Peabody Western Coal Company   2011    06%   $113   $118   $112  Navajo and Hopi
Indian Tribes
Springerville C Peabody Coalsales Company    2010 D   07%   $177   $184   $173  Lee Ranch Coal
Company
Irvington     The Pittsburg & Midway Coal    2015    04%   $199   $221   $220  Navajo Indian
Mining Company                                   Tribe and 
Federal and 
State Agencies  A Includes costs of transportation and handling in addition to the purchase
price under the basic contract.
B Substantially all of the suppliers' leases extend at least as long as
coal is being mined in economic quantities.
C Coal handling facilities costs included in Springerville fuel costs above
were $023 per million BTU in 1997, $025 per million BTU in 1996, and
$034 per million BTU in 1995.
D The coal contract for Springerville expires in 2010 with an option to
extend the term for ten years thereafter. During the extension term, the
coal supplier has the right of first refusal to match competing offers for
a portion of the Springerville coal requirements.    The Irvington coal supply contract contains take-or-pay provisions,
whereby TEP is required to make certain minimum payments for a base amount of
tonnage not taken at a rate of 50% of the contract price. Although TEP
present fuel requirements are generally in excess of the stated take-or-pay
minimum amounts, from time to time TEP has purchased coal and natural gas in
the spot market or switched fuel burn from one generating station to another
in order to achieve lower overall fuel costs, while incurring take-or-pay
minimum charges. During 1996 TEP purchased coal for the Irvington Station
from an alternative supplier, resulting in a $44 million take-or-pay charge,
but reducing fuel costs at Irvington. TEP incurred no take-or-pay charges in
1997 or 1995.
TEP intends to continue to actively negotiate its fuel and
transportation contracts in 1998 and in the future.
SPRINGERVILLE COAL HANDLING FACILITIES
Pursuant to the Springerville Coal Handling Facilities Leases, TEP is
the lessee of the coal-handling facilities at Springerville under a capital
lease with a remaining initial lease term of approximately 18 years with
incremental extensions of five to six years depending on certain criteria at
the date of each extension. At December 31, 1997, the capitalized lease
asset related to the Springerville coal-handling facilities, net of
accumulated amortization, was $174 million. Annual rental payments range
from approximately $10 million to $28 million but average $21 million.
TEP allocates portions of its Springerville Coal Handling Facility
Lease costs to deferred expense for future recovery through rates. See Note
1 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Nature of Operations and
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, for a description of the
accounting for Springerville coal handling facility lease costs.
Approximately half of the expenses of the coal handling facilities, including
lease costs and other operating and maintenance expenses, are charged to fuel
expense and amounted to $13 million, $15 million, and $17 million in 1997,
1996 and 1995, respectively.
GAS
In 1997, TEP purchased a small amount of natural gas for power
generation approximately 3% of total TEP generation from El Paso Gas
Marketing, Equitable Resources Marketing, Natural Gas Clearinghouse, and Penn
Union Energy Services. During 1997, TEP received natural gas sufficient to
meet all of its gas fuel requirements.
WATER SUPPLY
TEP believes there will be sufficient water to supply the requirements
of existing and planned units of all electric generating stations in which
TEP has an interest for their estimated lives. A federal contract for water
at San Juan expires in 2005, and negotiations for extension are being
overseen by PNM.
ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS
GENERAL
TEP must operate its generating stations in accordance with numerous
local, state and federal guidelines, laws, regulations and ordinances
designed to preserve and enhance environmental integrity. Resource
extraction and waste disposal operations are also regulated for environmental
compatibility. Generally, air quality and water quality are under the most
stringent regulations. Land use is also regulated. TEP believes that all of
its facilities are operating in compliance with requirements currently in
effect.
Various federal, state and local laws, regulations and requirements for
air quality control continue to have a significant impact on TEP. Due to the
proximity of national parks, monuments, wilderness areas and Indian
reservations and relatively high air quality at such locations, the principal
generating units of TEP could be subject to control standards of best
available control technology BACT and best available retrofit technology
BART. Such standards relate to the prevention of significant
deterioration of visibility and tall stack limitation rules.
Arizona and New Mexico have adopted emission regulations restricting
the emissions from both existing and future coal, oil and gas-fired plants.
These regulations are in some instances more stringent than those adopted by
the EPA.
TEP expended $19 million during 1997 for environmental construction
costs in maintaining compliance with environmental requirements. TEP
estimates that it will make expenditures for environmental facilities of
approximately $15 million in 1998 and $7 million in 1999. These amounts
include TEP estimated share of expenditures for improvements to the
pollution control facilities at the Navajo and San Juan stations, as
discussed below. TEP believes that all existing generating facilities are or
will be in compliance with all existing or expected environmental regulations
except as described below.
In the fall of 1990, Congress adopted certain Federal Clean Air Act
Amendments CAAA with respect to facility permitting and to reductions in
sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxide emissions which will affect TEP
operations. The required reductions of sulfur dioxide emissions will be
implemented in two phases which are effective in 1995 and 2000, respectively.
TEP is not affected by the requirements for sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxide
emissions which went into effect in 1995 Phase I, but is subject to the
requirements that go into effect January 1, 2000 Phase II. All of TEP
generating facilities except internal combustion turbines are subject to
the Phase II sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxide requirements. The estimated
cost of compliance with these requirements is approximately $1 million to $2
million, scheduled to be incurred between 1998 and 2000.
In 1993 affected TEP generating units were allocated sulfur dioxide
Emission Allowances based on past operational history. Beginning in the year
2000, Phase II generating station units must hold Emission Allowances by
January 30 of the year following the compliance year equal to the level of
emissions in the compliance year, or face penalties and a requirement to
offset excess emissions in future years. An analysis of the Emission
Allowances that were allocated to TEP shows that TEP may not have sufficient
allowances to permit normal plant operation and be in compliance with the
sulfur dioxide regulations once the Phase II requirements become effective
due to the increase in the rated capacity at Springerville. See Generating
and Other Resources, TEP Resources, Springerville Station. To the extent
that TEP does not have sufficient allowances, due to increased energy output
at Springerville or other factors, TEP would have to purchase additional
Emission Allowances. Based upon current estimates of additional required
Emission Allowances and the current market price of such allowances, TEP
believes that it will be able to acquire additional required allowances and
that such purchases will not have a material effect on TEP.
Title V of the CAAA requires that more complex air quality permits be
applied for and obtained for all of TEP generating facilities.
Applications have been filed for all such facilities and TEP does not
anticipate based on information and belief as to jointly owned facilities
operated by others any material problems in obtaining the required permits.
TEP is required to pay an annual emission-based fee with respect to each
generating facility subject to a Title V permit. The aggregate fees payable
by TEP in 1998 with respect to all such facilities for emissions in 1996 are
not expected to exceed $1 million, and should remain approximately the same
in 1999.
The CAAA also require multi-year studies of visibility impairment in
specified areas and studies of hazardous air pollutants which relate to the
necessity of future regulations of electric utility generating units. Since
these activities involve the gathering of information not currently
available, TEP cannot predict the outcome of these studies.
As a result of recent and possible future changes in federal and state
environmental laws, regulations and permit requirements, because of and in
addition to the CAAA, TEP may incur additional costs for the purchase or
upgrading of pollution control emission monitoring equipment on existing
electric generating facilities and may experience a reduction in operating
efficiency. There may be a need for variances from certain environmental
standards and operating permit conditions until required equipment and
processes for control, handling and disposal of emissions are operational and
reliable. Failure to comply with any EPA or state compliance requirements
may result in substantial penalties or fines which are provided for by law
and which in some cases are mandatory.
NAVAJO GENERATING STATION
In 1991, the EPA adopted a rule for the reduction of Navajo sulfur
dioxide emissions on an annual averaging basis by 90% to address visibility
impairment at Grand Canyon National Park. TEP estimates that its share of
the required capital expenditures remaining as of December 31, 1997 relating
to the rule implementation will be approximately $8 million, including
AFDC, through 2000.   SAN JUAN GENERATING STATION
In order to improve the cost efficiency of sulfur dioxide removal at
the station, the existing removal process is being replaced with a new
process at an estimated cost to TEP of $20 million, including AFDC, during
the period 1997 through 1999. TEP estimates that its share of the required
capital expenditures remaining as of December 31, 1997 relating to this
process improvement will be approximately $11 million, including AFDC,
through 1999.  EMPLOYEES
TEP and its subsidiaries had a combined total of 1,190 employees as of
December 31, 1997. Included in this total are 22 employees of subsidiaries
wholly-owned by MEH, which subsidiaries were transferred from TEP to
UniSource Energy on January 1, 1998.
The IBEW 1116, which represents about 60% of the total employees, and
TEP are parties to a two-year collective bargaining agreement for the period
from December 1, 1996 through November 30, 1998. The collective bargaining
agreement, which was negotiated with and approved by the IBEW 1116 in
December 1996 for classified employees in Tucson, includes annual wage
increases of 32% in December 1996 and 30% in December 1997, as well as
modifications to the pension plan. This same agreement was also approved by
the IBEW 1116 in January 1997 for classified employees at the Springerville
location. In April 1997 the classified employees agreed to put 16% or 50%
of the December 1996 negotiated across-the-board wage increase at risk
under the terms of the Classified Incentive Program CIP. The CIP provides
for additional incentive payments based on attainment of individual,
departmental and corporate goals. The employee receives the at risk
portion of the wage increase only if individual goals are attained. In 1998
IBEW 1116 employees received additional incentive payments for achieving
these goals in 1997. This program will continue in 1998 with 15% of the
December 1997 salary increase at risk.
ENERGY-RELATED VENTURES
MEH Corporation MEH is a wholly-owned subsidiary of UniSource Energy.
MEH owns all of the outstanding common stock of four subsidiaries described
below established for the purpose of pursuing various unregulated energy-
related investment opportunities.
Nations Energy Corporation was established in 1995 for the purpose of
developing and investing in independent power projects in the global energy
markets. In September 1995, Nations Energy and Trigen Energy Corporation
formed a limited partnership which purchased Coors Brewing Company energy
production assets. Nations Energy has a 49% interest in such partnership.
In 1996, Nations Energy became actively involved in the development of the
ECKG power project near the City of Kladno, Czech Republic, for which it has
a 267% ownership option exercisable in May 1998. This project involves the
upgrading and expansion of an existing coal-fired thermal and electric
generating plant. In addition to these projects, Nations Energy is actively
involved in the development of other investment opportunities in the global
energy markets.
Millennium Energy Holdings, Inc. holds a 50% interest in New Energy
Ventures, L.L.C. Millennium exercised its option to acquire its 50%
ownership interest in NEV effective September 1, 1997. NEV was organized in
1995 for the purpose of acting as a buyer agent in procuring electric
energy, performing energy services, engaging in power marketing and trading
and other energy related activities. Its principal focus is in California
and the Northeastern region of the United States. As of December 31, 1997,
NEV had signed contracts to provide advisory and load aggregation services
for customers in California having a combined electrical demand of 800 MW,
which will become effective when the California market is subject to open
access. NEV obtains its energy supply through purchase power contracts and
spot market purchases. Also, in January 1998, NEV announced the formation of
a strategic alliance with Allied Signal, Inc. to become the distributor of
TurboGeneratorTM Power Systems in 14 western states. The TurboGeneratorTM is
a lightweight microturbine for applications requiring 40 kW-500 kW which
can be used for distributed generation, off-grid power generation, portable
power, and cogeneration, and provides NEV with additional capabilities to
provide energy options to its customer base.
Advanced Energy Technologies, Inc. was established in May 1996. This
wholly-owned subsidiary of MEH develops renewable energy and distributed
generation technologies. In 1996 AET acquired a 50% ownership interest in
Global Solar Energy, L.L.C., an Arizona corporation which develops and
manufactures flexible thin-film photovoltaic cells. Commercial production of
photovoltaic cells is scheduled to commence in 1998. Global Solar
manufacturing facility is expected to initially produce at a rate of up to
1,500 kW of solar generated electric capacity, or approximately 255,000
square-feet of photovoltaic film, per year.
Southwest Energy Solutions, Inc. was established in January 1997. SES
provides a variety of ancillary energy services to retail electric consumers
including dusk to dawn lighting, service restoration, and design, engineering
and construction services. SES owns all of the outstanding common stock of
SWPP and SWPPI. Established in 1996, SWPP entered into a joint venture with
three Mexican investment partners in July 1997 to form Sentinel Concrete
Utility Poles, a domestic distributor of concrete power poles and related
products. SWPP holds a 50% ownership interest in this joint venture. SWPPI
holds a 50% ownership interest in Productos de Concretos Internacionales,
C.V., a manufacturer and international distributor of concrete power poles
and related products.
In addition to the activities currently underway or planned for each of
these subsidiaries, UniSource Energy continues to evaluate potential
investment opportunities in other energy-related markets.
In the Consolidated Balance Sheet and Consolidated Statement of Income
for UniSource Energy as of December 31, 1997, investments in the energy-
related ventures of MEH and its subsidiaries included in Investments and
Other Property comprised less than 1% of total assets, while the net loss
related to such investments reduced consolidated net income by 65% in 1997.
Depending on the nature of future investment opportunities, UniSource Energy
expects to make additional investments in these subsidiaries and in other
energy-related ventures. Over time, investments in energy-related ventures
may have a material impact on UniSource Energy future cash flow and
profitability. Pursuant to the ACC order issued in November 1997 allowing
the formation of a holding company, the capitalization debt and equity of
the subsidiaries which are the sister companies to TEP may not exceed 30% of
TEP capitalization unless otherwise approved by the ACC. TEP UTILITY OPERATING STATISTICS
For Years Ended December 31,
1997    1996    1995    1994    1993
Generation and Purchased Power-kWh 000
Remote Generation Coal          9,694,152  9,784,918  8,716,513  9,341,342  8,986,350
Local Generation Oil, Gas & Coal      806,819   723,232   500,958   825,385   615,100
Purchased Power               1,222,970   925,394   692,769   501,269   335,897
Total Generation and Purchased Power   11,723,941 11,433,544  9,910,240 10,667,996  9,937,347
Less Losses and Company Use          824,072   776,436   661,901   639,278   591,412
Total Energy Sold            10,899,869 10,657,108  9,248,339 10,028,718  9,345,935 Sales-kWh 000
Residential                 2,608,515  2,516,282  2,330,191  2,374,868  2,223,479
Commercial                 1,316,360  1,306,826  1,280,752  1,281,050  1,242,367
Large Users                 2,115,332  2,080,763  1,979,317  1,948,331  1,832,278
Mining                   1,193,094  1,164,140  1,147,281  1,135,424  1,090,061
Public Authorities              237,113   228,800   204,746   183,525   159,310
Total - Retail Customers         7,470,414  7,296,811  6,942,287  6,923,198  6,547,495
Sales for Resale              3,429,455  3,360,297  2,306,052  3,105,520  2,798,440
Total                  10,899,869 10,657,108  9,248,339 10,028,718  9,345,935 Operating Revenues 000
Residential                 $246,251  $237,569  $218,208  $220,341  $197,368
Commercial                  146,377   143,623   138,294   137,508   128,688
Large Users                  158,266   154,547   146,409   144,677   131,858
Mining                     53,231   56,240   54,948   53,821   53,510
Public Authorities               17,531   16,949   14,952   13,435   11,464
Other                      2,565    2,636    2,114    1,651    1,925
Total - Retail Customers          624,221   611,564   574,925   571,433   524,813
Amortization of MSR Option Gain
Regulatory Liability             8,105   20,053   20,053   20,053    6,053
Sales for Resale                97,567   84,256   75,591   99,987   93,273
Total                   $729,893  $715,873  $670,569  $691,473  $624,139 Customers End of Period
Residential                  287,857   282,060   273,976   266,060   258,168
Commercial                   28,309   28,199   27,858   27,360   26,838
Large Users                    664     626     620     588     551
Mining                       4      4      4      4      4
Public Authorities                 61     61     59     59     59
Total Retail Customers           316,895   310,950   302,517   294,071   285,620 Average Revenue per kWh Sold cents
Residential                    94     94     94     93     89
Commercial                    111    110    108    107    104
Large Users and Mining              64     65     64     64     63
Total Retail Customers             84     84     83     83     80
Average Revenue per Residential Customer      $865    $854    $809    $841    $776
Average kWh Sales per Residential Customer    9,159    9,050    8,641    9,066    8,739 ITEM 2. -- PROPERTIES
- 
TEP transmission facilities are located within the states of Arizona
and New Mexico. The primary purpose of TEP transmission facilities is to
transmit electricity from TEP remote electric generating stations at Four
Corners, Navajo, San Juan and Springerville to the Tucson area for use by
TEP retail customers see Item 1, Business, Generating and Other Resources
for the location of TEP plants. The transmission system is directly
interconnected with systems operated by the following utilities       Utility                 Location
Arizona Public Service Co.       Arizona
Arizona Electric Power Cooperative   Arizona
El Paso Electric Co.          New Mexico, Texas
Public Service Co. of New Mexico    New Mexico
Salt River Project           Arizona
TEP has arrangements with approximately 180 companies, including the
five listed above, which are utilized to interchange capacity and energy.
As of December 31, 1997, TEP owned or participated in an overhead
electric transmission and distribution system consisting of 511 circuit-miles
of 500 kV lines, 1,122 circuit-miles of 345 kV lines, 350 circuit-miles of
138 kV lines, 440 circuit-miles of 46 kV lines and 9,643 circuit-miles of
lower voltage primary lines. The underground electric distribution system
was comprised of 5,071 cable-miles. Approximately 24% of the poles upon
which the lower voltage lines are located are not owned by TEP. Electric
substation capacity associated with the above-described electric system
consisted of 173 substations with a total installed transformer capacity of
5,329,605 kVA.
The electric generating stations except as noted below, TEP general
office building, operating headquarters and the warehouse and service center
are located on land owned by TEP in fee. The electric distribution and
transmission facilities owned by TEP are located 1 on property owned in fee
by TEP, 2 under or over streets, alleys, highways and other public places,
the public domain and national forests and state lands under franchises,
easements or other rights which, with some exceptions, are subject to
termination, 3 under or over private property by virtue of easements
obtained for the most part from the record holder of title, and 4 over
Indian reservations under grant of easement by the Secretary of Interior or
lease by Indian tribes. In most instances, no examination has been made by
counsel for TEP as to the title to easements of TEP from the record holder or
to the property over which the easement has been granted, or as to possible
liens, encumbrances, reservations or restrictions thereon. Therefore, some
of the easements and the property over which the easements have been secured
may be subject to title defects and encumbered by, or subject to, mortgages
and liens existing at the time the easements were acquired.
Most of the land parcels comprising Springerville are held by TEP under
a long-term surface ownership agreement with the State of Arizona.
Four Corners and Navajo are located on properties held under easements
from the United States and under leases from the Navajo Indian Tribe. TEP,
individually and in conjunction with PNM in connection with San Juan, has
acquired easements and leases for transmission lines and a water diversion
facility located on the Navajo Indian Reservation. TEP has also acquired
easements for transmission facilities, related to San Juan and Navajo, across
the Zuni, Navajo and Tohono O'odham Indian Reservations.
TEP rights under the various easements and leases described under
this heading may be subject to possible defects including conflicting grants
or encumbrances not ascertainable because of absence of or inadequacies in
the recording laws or the record systems of the Bureau of Indian Affairs and
the Indian tribes, the possible inability of TEP to resort to legal process
to enforce its rights against certain possible adverse claimants and the
Indian tribes without Congressional consent, the possible failure or
inability of the Indian tribes to protect TEP interests in, and use and
occupancy of, these facilities from interference or interruption, and, in the
case of the leases, possible impairment or termination under certain
circumstances by Congress, the Secretary of the Interior or certain possible
adverse claimants. However, these possible defects have not and are not
expected to materially interfere with TEP interest in and operation of its
facilities.
TEP leases under separate sale and leaseback arrangements the following
facilities which do not include land: i the coal handling facilities at
Springerville; ii a 50% undivided interest in the Springerville Common
Facilities; iii Springerville Unit 1 and the remaining 50% undivided
interest in Springerville Common Facilities; iv Irvington Unit 4 and
related common facilities; and v three internal combustion turbines having
a combined net generating capability of 96 MW. See Note 5 of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements, Long and Short-Term Debt and Capital Lease
Obligations for additional information on TEP capital lease obligations.
Substantially all of the utility assets owned by TEP are subject to the
lien of the General First Mortgage and the General Second Mortgage.
Springerville Unit 2, legal title to which is held by San Carlos, is not
subject to such liens. Item 2. --  K-iii
TABLE OF CONTENTS
continued
Page
Item 3. -- Legal Proceedings
Tax 
Item 4. -- Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.18
- PART II Item 5. -- SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS
- 
Not Applicable.                  PART II
ITEM 5. -- MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS
- 
On January 1, 1998, TEP and UniSource Energy completed a statutory
share exchange, pursuant to which the outstanding common stock of TEP was
exchanged, on a share-for-share basis, for shares of UniSource Energy common
stock.
TEP
Prior to the share exchange described above, the common stock of TEP
was traded on the New York and Pacific Stock Exchanges. The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the high and low sale prices of TEP
common stock on the consolidated tape as reported by Dow Jones. Sale prices
prior to May 20, 1996 have been adjusted to reflect the one-for-five reverse
split of TEP common stock in May 1996. No dividends were paid on common
stock during such periods.                   Market Price per
Share of Common
Quarter        Stock
High    Low
1997           
First     $1675  $1400
Second     1538   1388
Third      1825   1438
Fourth     1819   1619
1996           
First     $1688  $1438
Second     1500   1313
Third      1781   1225
Fourth     2075   1625
On January 1, 1998, TEP became a wholly-owned subsidiary of UniSource
Energy. As such, TEP common stock is no longer publicly traded.
UniSource Energy
The common stock of UniSource Energy is listed on the New York and
Pacific Stock Exchanges, and began trading under the symbol of UNS on January
2, 1998. The closing price of the common stock on the consolidated tape on
February 24, 1998 was $16875. At February 24, 1998, there were 28,204
shareholders of record of the common stock.
See Item 7. - Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations, Dividends on Common Stock. ITEM 6. - SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA - UNISOURCE ENERGY AND TEP
-                           1997    1996    1995    1994    1993
In thousands - except per share data and ratios
Summary of Operations
Operating Revenues               $729,893  $715,873  $670,569  $691,473  $624,139
Recognition of Prior Period NOLs - Part of
Income Taxes                  43,443   88,638   23,282      -      -
Income Loss from Continuing Operations     83,572   120,852   54,905   20,740  21,816
Income Loss from Continuing Operations
Per Average Share of Common Stock        $260    $376    $171    $065   $068
Shares of Common Stock Outstanding
Average                     32,138   32,136   32,138   32,145   32,109
End of Year                   32,139   32,139   32,138   32,145   32,145
Book Value per Share                $675    $415    $039   $131   $196 Financial Position
Total Utility Plant - Net           $1,935,513 $1,953,904 $1,978,126 $2,007,422 $2,029,764
Investments and Other Property          78,772   69,289   52,116   12,992   62,850
Total Assets                  2,634,409  2,568,541  2,563,461  2,730,229  2,742,932
Long-Term Debt                 1,215,120  1,223,025  1,207,460  1,381,935  1,416,352
Capital Lease Obligations            890,257   895,867   897,958   922,735   927,201
Common Stock Equity Deficit          216,878   133,288   12,488  42,233  62,973
Total Capitalization              2,322,255  2,252,180  2,117,906  2,262,437  2,280,580
Selected Cash Flow Data
Net Cash Flows From Operations A       $124,390  $151,267  $119,390  $143,616   $89,331
Construction Expenditures B           71,420   66,519   59,097   62,599   48,162
Free Cash Flow A - B              52,970   84,748   60,293   81,017   41,169
Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges         139    125    121    110    081    Note: See Item 7., Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations. ITEM 7. -- MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
- 
The following contains information regarding the operations of
UniSource Energy and TEP during 1997 compared with 1996 and 1996 compared
with 1995 and changes in liquidity and capital resources of the Company and
TEP during 1997. Also, management expectations of identifiable material
trends are discussed herein. TEP is the principal subsidiary of UniSource
Energy and accounts for substantially all of its assets, revenues and net
income. Except as otherwise noted, the following information relates to both
UniSource Energy and TEP.
OVERVIEW
Earnings declined in 1997 relative to 1996 primarily due to the lower
recognition of non-cash income tax benefits in 1997. Net income was $836
million in 1997, compared with $1209 million recorded in 1996 and $549
million recorded in 1995. Income tax benefits related to prior period net
operating losses totaled $434 million in 1997, $886 million in 1996 and
$233 million in 1995, accounting for the majority of the fluctuation in
reported net income for the last three years. See Income Tax Position below.
Common stock equity was $2169 million at year-end, compared to $1333
million as of December 31, 1996, benefiting from a fourth consecutive year of
profitability.
In addition to the reduction in income tax benefits described above,
items having a one-time effect on earnings resulted in net reductions to
earnings of $24 million in 1997 and $61 million in 1996. Excluding each of
these one-time items from the periods in which they were recorded, ongoing
net income increased by 11% to $426 million in 1997 from $383 million in
1996. The following table lists one-time items and compares 1997 operating
results with 1996 results exclusive of these one-time items and the
recognition of NOL carryforward benefits. See Notes 4, 7 and 9 of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for information pertaining to certain of
these items.
1997    1996
-Thousands of Dollars Net Income                     $83,572  $120,852
One-Time Items:
Effects on Operating Income:
Consulting Fees to New Business         6,315     0
Taxes Other Than Income Taxes 1          0   7,331
Voluntary Severance Plan Expense - Net      2,933   10,555
Effects on Other Income:
Losses Related to Equity Investments in     7,758     0
New Businesses
Other Income - Interest Refund - Net      2,766     0
Other Income - Reversal of Loss Provision   10,154  8,472
2
Other Income - Other 2               0   1,064
Interest Expense - Other 1              0   1,880
Estimated Income Taxes Associated with One-Time  1,651  4,130
Items 3                          Net Adjustment for One-Time Items       2,435   6,100
NOL Carryforward Benefits              43,443  88,638
Total Adjustments to Net Income           41,008  82,538
Net Income, as Adjusted for One-Time Items and   $42,564  $38,314
NOL Carryforward Benefits                 1 Adjustments related to contested sales tax assessments.
2 Adjustments related to TEP non-energy related subsidiaries.
3 Calculated based on composite income tax rate state and federal
of 404%.
Despite improvements in financial performance, the Company and TEP
financial prospects continue to be subject to significant regulatory,
economic, and other uncertainties, some of which are beyond the Company and
TEP control. These uncertainties include the extent to which TEP, due to
continued high financial and operating leverage, can alter operations and
reduce costs in response to industry changes or unanticipated economic
downturns. The Company and TEP success will depend, in part, on TEP
ability to contain the costs of serving retail customers and the level of
sales to such customers. Until the uncertainties surrounding the
introduction of retail competition in Arizona are resolved, predicting the
level of TEP future energy sales and the composition of its future revenues
is more difficult than projecting for a fully regulated market. However, it
is likely that some form of retail competition will exist in the next five
years. See Competition, Retail below. TEP may be required to unbundle
segments of its services. In a deregulated environment, revenues from sales
of energy may become less certain although revenues from transmission and
distribution services will likely continue to grow. Even in a deregulated
environment, TEP will continue to benefit from the anticipated population and
economic growth in the Tucson area through increased revenues from
distribution services.
The Company is addressing the uncertainties discussed above and is
positioning itself to benefit from the changing regulatory environment. The
Company is implementing enhanced cost measurement and management techniques,
re-engineering functions at TEP, extending contracts for large wholesale and
retail customers, and developing new entities to provide energy services to
markets beyond TEP retail service territory. See Utility Operations, Sales
for Resale; Fuel Supply, Coal; Rates and Regulation, Rate Proposal Before the
ACC; and Investments in Energy-Related Ventures.
During 1997, the Company made significant progress in the
implementation of its financial strategy to extend maturities of long-term
debt and letters of credit and to reduce its exposure to variable interest
rates. TEP refinanced $276 million of long-term variable rate debt
obligations at fixed rates in 1997. As a consequence, TEP balance of
variable rate debt supported by letters of credit fell from $805 million at
December 31, 1996 to $529 million as of December 31, 1997. With the
negotiation of a new bank Credit Agreement in 1997 to replace the MRA, TEP
extended its revolving credit availability to 2002 and extended expiration
dates on letters of credit supporting $429 million in variable rate debt
obligations to 2002. Long-term debt obligations totaling $192 million are
currently scheduled to mature between 1999 and 2003. TEP plans to refinance
a substantial portion of these obligations during 1998. See Financing
Developments, TEP Financing Authority, below.
Despite the improvements described above, the Company and TEP
capital structure remains highly leveraged. Although TEP was able to
refinance and extend the maturities of certain debt obligations at favorable
rates and terms in 1997, there can be no assurances that continued access to
the capital markets at such rates and terms will be available. Despite the
reduction in variable rate debt obligations in 1997, TEP earnings and cash
flow would still be affected by changes in interest rate levels on its
remaining variable rate debt.
Dividend payment restrictions contained in certain of TEP debt
agreements currently prohibit dividend payments from TEP to UniSource Energy,
thereby limiting cash flow at UniSource Energy and its ability to pay
dividends. See Dividends on Common Stock below.
During the next twelve months, TEP expects to be able to fund
operating activities and construction expenditures with internal cash flows,
existing cash balances, and, if necessary, borrowings under the Revolving
Credit. Net cash flows from operating activities were $1244 million in
1997, $1513 million in 1996 and $1194 million in 1995. After capital
expenditures, scheduled debt maturities and payments to retire capital lease
obligations, net cash flows available for other investing and financing
activities were $381 million in 1997, $369 million in 1996, and $259
million in 1995. As of February 24, 1998, cash balances, including cash
equivalents for UniSource Energy, were approximately $131 million, of which
$89 million was held by TEP and its consolidated subsidiaries. COMPETITION
-    WHOLESALE
TEP competes with other utilities, marketers and independent power
producers in the sale of electric capacity and energy in the wholesale
market. TEP prices for wholesale sales of capacity and energy, generally,
are not permitted to exceed rates determined on a cost of service basis. In
the fall of 1997, TEP applied for and was granted a tariff to sell at market-
based rates. This tariff permits TEP to meet market competition. In the
current market, wholesale prices are substantially below costs determined on
a fully allocated cost of service basis, but, in all instances, wholesale
sales have been made at prices which exceed the level necessary to recover
fuel and other variable costs. It is expected that competition to sell
capacity will remain vigorous, and that prices may remain depressed for at
least the next several years, due to increased competition and surplus
capacity in the southwestern United States. Competition for the sale of
capacity and energy is influenced by many factors, including the availability
of capacity in the southwestern United States, the availability and prices of
natural gas and oil, spot energy prices and transmission access. In
addition, the Energy Policy Act of 1992 has promoted increased competition in
the wholesale electric power markets by encouraging the participation of
utility affiliates, independent power producers and other non-utility
participants in the development of power generation.
The FERC issued two orders pertaining to transmission access in April
1996. FERC Order No. 888, among other things, requires all public utilities
that own, control, or operate interstate transmission facilities to offer
transmission service to others under a single tariff that incorporates
certain minimum terms and conditions of transmission service established by
the FERC. This tariff must also be used by public utilities for their own
wholesale market transactions. Transmission and generation services for new
wholesale service are to be unbundled and priced separately. FERC Order No.
889 requires transmission service providers to establish or participate in an
open access same-time information system OASIS that provides information on
the availability of transmission capacity to wholesale market participants.
The order also establishes standards of conduct that are designed to prevent
employees of a public utility engaged in marketing functions from obtaining
preferential access to OASIS-related information or from engaging in unduly
discriminatory business practices. TEP is in compliance with the
requirements of FERC Orders 888 and 889.
TEP and several other electric utilities located in the southwestern
United States have recently begun to investigate the feasibility of forming
an independent system operator for the region. It is presently contemplated
that such an organization, if formed, would be responsible for ensuring
transmission reliability and nondiscriminatory access to the regional
transmission grid. All of the major transmission owners in the Southwest, as
well as a number of users of the transmission system, are involved in the
feasibility study. Three sets of public meetings were held in order to
obtain public input to the study. The initial feasibility study was
completed in September 1997 and the participants have begun the detailed
developmental work. The formation of an independent system operator would be
subject to approval by the FERC and state regulatory authorities in the
region. The financial aspects of forming an independent system operator,
including the potential effects on TEP future results of operations, will
be examined as part of the development work.
RETAIL
Under current law, TEP is not in direct competition with any other
regulated electric utility for electric service in TEP retail service
territory. However, TEP does compete against gas service suppliers and
others who may provide energy services which would be substitutes for, or
permit bypass of, TEP services. In addition, in December 1996, the ACC
adopted rules that, if implemented, require a phase-in of retail electric
competition in Arizona over a four year period beginning January 1, 1999.
TEP actively markets energy and customized energy-related services to
meet customer needs. TEP has to date lost no customers to self-generation in
part because of such efforts. For example, TEP two principal mining
customers, which provide approximately 9% of TEP total annual revenues from
retail customers, each have executed new contracts and/or amendments that
included, among other things, price reductions, term extensions, and the
provision of interruptible service. Contracts with TEP two principal
mining customers are scheduled to expire in March 2001 and January 2003.
Early terminations of the contracts by mining customers require at least one
and up to two years prior notice. No such notices have been received.
In December 1996, the ACC voted to adopt certain rules on retail
electric competition. The rules, if implemented, would require each
Affected Utility TEP, APS, Citizens Utilities Company, and several
electric cooperatives to open its retail service area to competing electric
service providers on a phased-in basis over the period 1999 to 2003.
Beginning no later than January 1, 1999, retail customers representing at
least 20% of each Affected Utility 1995 peak demand would be eligible to
choose their electric service provider from companies certificated by the
ACC. Beginning no later than January 1, 2001, retail customers representing
at least 50% of each Affected Utility 1995 peak demand would be eligible to
choose their service provider. All remaining retail customers would then be
eligible to choose from certificated service providers by January 1, 2003.
It is currently unclear which customers would make up those eligible during
the transition years. Electric service providers would include Affected
Utilities as well as other entities including power marketers and out-of-
state utilities that apply for and receive a certificate of convenience and
necessity from the ACC. Under the rules, Affected Utilities would be
required to provide distribution wheeling services i.e., retail wheeling at
rates approved by the ACC in order to facilitate sales by competing energy
providers. Such wheeling services would involve the transmission of energy
produced by other entities over TEP transmission and distribution system to
consumers located in TEP present retail service area. While retail
wheeling would expose TEP service area to increased competition for energy
sales, it would also open additional retail markets into which TEP may sell
its electric power, since each of the Affected Utilities would be eligible to
offer electric service to customers of other certificated entities within
Arizona. Until such time as the ACC determines that retail competition has
been substantially implemented, each Affected Utility would also be required
to provide standard offer bundled service equivalent to the services
currently being provided at regulated rates to all consumers located in their
current retail service areas. Participation in competitive retail markets by
other electric utilities which are not regulated by the ACC, such as the Salt
River Project and certain municipal utilities, would be permitted, under the
ACC rules, on a similar reciprocal basis i.e., these utilities would have
to allow their service territories to be similarly open to competing service
providers, pursuant to an intergovernmental agreement with the ACC.
The rules, as adopted by the ACC, specify that the ACC would allow the
recovery of unmitigated stranded costs by Affected Utilities. Stranded cost
is defined in the rules as the net difference between the value of prudent
jurisdictional assets and obligations under traditional regulation and the
market value of those assets and obligations in a competitive retail market.
In order to recover stranded costs, utilities would have to demonstrate to
the ACC that they have taken every feasible, cost-effective measure to
mitigate or offset stranded costs, and utilities would have to file estimates
of unmitigated stranded costs with the ACC which are fully supported by
analyses and records of market transactions undertaken by willing buyers and
sellers. Furthermore, Affected Utilities would have to seek ACC approval of
distribution charges or other means of recovering unmitigated stranded costs
from customers who reduce or terminate service as a direct result of retail
competition. The rules specify that other issues related to the analysis and
recovery of stranded costs would be examined by a working group following
adoption of the rules.
Pursuant to the rules, working groups were formed to analyze various
issues related to retail competition. Each working group consisted of
members representing a wide variety of interests including the ACC Staff,
consumers, Affected Utilities, and potential new service providers. Separate
working groups were established to investigate issues related to the
quantification and recovery of stranded costs, the unbundling of utility
services and rates, the maintenance of system reliability and safety, the
methods to be used in determining consumer participation during the early
phase-in periods, and certain legal issues related to the rules. Reports by
the working groups have been delivered to the ACC.
In January 1998, TEP filed with the ACC its position regarding stranded
cost recovery. TEP believes that TEP, as well as other Affected Utilities,
should have the opportunity and right to recover all of their stranded costs
and that the most appropriate method of defining stranded costs would be to
calculate the difference between future revenues under traditional regulation
and future revenues in a competitive market.
Hearings commenced February 9, 1998 to resolve generic issues relating
to stranded cost recovery. TEP, as well as other Affected Utilities, the
Residential Utility Consumer Office, the ACC staff, and various intervenors
are participating in the hearings. Various proposals are being considered for
quantifying unmitigated stranded costs, including the methods used to identify
and value jurisdictional assets and obligations. The ACC may also consider 
permitting divestiture of generation assets as a means of quantifying stranded
costs. Until specific guidelines for such identification and valuation have
been adopted by the ACC, TEP believes that any estimate of unmitigated stranded
costs would be highly speculative.
In February 1997, TEP filed an appeal of the ACC order adopting retail
electric competition rules in the Arizona Superior Court. To date, no final
judgments have been entered by the Court. At the present time, TEP is unable
to predict the outcome of the Superior Court appeal or the effects such
rules, in their present form, would have on future results of operations.
In 1996, legislation was passed by the Arizona Legislature requiring
the establishment of a joint legislative study committee on electric industry
competition. This committee was charged with studying and making
recommendations on a wide variety of issues related to electric industry
competition. An advisory committee on electric industry competition was also
created, consisting of members representing electric consumers, electric
utilities, various State offices and agencies, and other interested parties.
Three subcommittees of the advisory committee were formed for purposes of
evaluating the timing of retail competition, reviewing tax issues related to
retail competition and identifying specific legislative actions necessary to
implement retail competition. Reports have been issued and are currently
under consideration by the Legislature.
In January 1998, legislation was proposed before the Arizona
Legislature regarding the implementation of electric industry competition in
Arizona. This bill would require the introduction of customer choice to 20%
of each utility retail load by December 31, 1998 and to all utility retail
customers by December 31, 1999.
TEP cannot predict the outcome of the proposed legislation or whether
other initiatives on industry restructuring will be proposed by the ACC or
the Arizona Legislature. However, TEP believes that certain matters
contained in the ACC current rules on retail competition may require
legislative changes, while other matters may require constitutional
amendments. Additionally, several federal initiatives regarding retail
electric competition have been introduced in Congress which, if passed, could
modify, augment or preempt the actions taken by the ACC or the Arizona
Legislature. TEP will continue to assess the likely impact on TEP of the
ACC rules on retail competition, proposed legislation on retail
competition, and other potential market reforms. At the present time TEP is
unable to predict the ultimate impact of increased retail competition on
future results of operations. See Accounting for the Effects of Regulation
below, and Note 1 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Nature of
Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, Accounting for the
Effects of Regulation for a discussion of the potential impact of increased
competition on the Company accounting policies. See Tax Exempt Local
Furnishing Bonds, below for a discussion of the potential impact of increased
competition on TEP tax-exempt bond status. INVESTMENTS IN ENERGY-RELATED VENTURES
- 
In the Consolidated Balance Sheet and Consolidated Statement of Income
for UniSource Energy as of December 31, 1997, investments in the energy-
related ventures of MEH and its subsidiaries included in Investments and
Other Property comprised less than 1% of total assets, while the net loss
related to such investments reduced consolidated net income by 65% in 1997.
Depending on the nature of future investment opportunities, UniSource Energy
expects to make additional investments in these subsidiaries and in other
energy-related ventures. Over time, investments in energy-related ventures
may have a material impact on UniSource Energy future cash flow and
profitability. Pursuant to the ACC order issued in November 1997 allowing
the formation of a holding company, the capitalization debt and equity of
the subsidiaries which are the sister companies to TEP may not exceed 30% of
TEP capitalization unless otherwise approved by the ACC.  RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
In 1997, net income was $836 million or $260 per average share of
common stock compared with $1209 million or $376 per average share of
common stock in 1996, and $549 million or $171 per average share of common
stock in 1995.
The decline in earnings in 1997 resulted primarily from the lower
recognition of non-cash income tax benefits related to prior period net
operating losses. Excluding the impact of the recognition of tax benefits
and other one-time adjustments, on-going net income for 1997 was $426
million or $132 per share compared with $383 million or $119 per share in
1996.
TEP accounts for substantially all of UniSource Energy assets,
revenues, and net income. The following discussion is related to TEP
utility operations, unless otherwise noted.
RESULTS OF UTILITY OPERATIONS
Sales and Revenues
Retail sales and revenues are affected principally by price changes,
consumption and growth factors. In 1997, customer growth had the greatest
impact on the increase in retail sales and revenues.
KWh sales to retail customers increased by 24% in 1997 compared to
1996. The kWh sales increase resulted from an increase in the average number
of retail customers and increased sales to mining and residential customers.
The average number of retail customers grew by 23% to 313,755 in 1997.
Usage by mining customers increased in 1997 with the addition of service to a
reactivated mine.
KWh sales to retail customers increased by 51% in 1996 over 1995. The
increase resulted from a 30% increase in the average number of retail
customers, increased energy consumption by industrial customers and warmer
temperatures in 1996 compared with 1995.
Revenues from sales to retail customers were 21% greater in 1997 over
1996 as a result of the higher kWh sales discussed above. The impact of
lower average prices to large mining customers from contract renegotiations
and extensions somewhat offset the effects of higher KWh sales. In 1996,
revenues from sales to retail customers increased by 64%, benefiting from
the increased KWh sales discussed above, as well as the rate increase allowed
under the 1996 Rate Order.
TEP makes sales for resale on both a firm and interruptible basis to
the extent capacity is not needed for providing energy to TEP retail
customers. See Utility Operations, Sales for Resale. Rates for economy
energy sales are substantially below rates determined on a fully allocated
cost of service basis, but, in all instances, rates exceed the level
necessary to recover fuel and other variable costs. KWh sales for resale
increased by 2% in 1997 compared with 1996 while revenues from sales for
resale increased by 16% for the same period, driven by higher market prices
in the wholesale energy market. Factors contributing to the higher market
prices include higher natural gas prices, increased demand due to warmer
temperatures in the southwestern United States in the third quarter of 1997,
WSCC imposed restrictions on the Pacific Intertie limiting energy
availability from hydro-electric resources in the Northwest in the third
quarter of 1997, and a reduction in regional generating capacity resulting
from planned and forced outages of generating facilities in the Southwestern
United States in the first half of 1997.
In 1996, KWh sales for resale increased by 46% while the related
revenues increased by 11% over 1995. Revenues did not increase
proportionately with the increase in kWh sales with the loss of demand
revenues attributable to the expiration of a firm power sale agreement with
Nevada Power Company in December 1995.
Non-cash revenue from the Amortization of the MSR Option Gain
Regulatory Liability was $119 million lower in 1997 than in 1996. This
regulatory liability was fully amortized as of May 1997.
Operating Expenses
Fuel and Purchased Power expense increased in 1997 relative to 1996
because of increased energy requirements to meet increased kWh sales. Fuel
and Purchased Power expense increased in 1996 over 1995 because of increased
energy requirements to meet increased kWh sales and a one-time $122 million
reduction to fuel expense recorded in 1995. This one-time non-cash reduction
to fuel expense was related to the satisfaction of certain fuel contract
provisions. Excluding deferred fuel expenses and the one-time $122 million
reduction to fuel expenses in 1995, the average cost of fuel per kWh
generated was 177 cents, 183 cents, and 177 cents for 1997, 1996, and
1995, respectively. In 1997, fuel expense included $19 million related to
the amortization of the $50 million contract termination fee paid to TEP
major coal supplier. See Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements, Rate Matters, Springerville Coal Contract Termination Fee.
Expenses related to consulting fees caused Other Operations expense to 
increase in 1997 compared with 1996. Such consulting fees consisted of 
payments to NEV made prior to the exercise in September 1997 of the option 
to acquire a 50% interest in NEV.
Depreciation and Amortization expense decreased in 1997 relative to
1996 with the completion in January 1997 of a three year amortization at a
rate of $14 million per year of Springerville Unit 2 rate synchronization
costs established in the 1994 Rate Order, as well as an extension of the
depreciable life for pollution control facilities as required by TEP 1996
Rate Order. Depreciation and Amortization expense increased in 1996 compared
to 1995 due to the amortization of additional Springerville Unit 2 rate
synchronization costs to be recovered over a three year period pursuant to
the 1996 Rate Order. See Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements, Rate Matters, 1996 Rate Order.
Taxes Other Than Income Taxes decreased in 1997 versus 1996 because of
a charge of $73 million in the third quarter of 1996 related to a court
ruling on contested sales tax assessments. Lower property taxes in 1997 also
contributed to the variance. See Note 7 of Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements, Tax Assessments.
Voluntary Severance Plan Expense of $29 million in 1997 represents VSP
expense related to post-retirement benefits other than pensions recorded in
the first quarter. The $106 million net expense in 1996 reflects
implementation of TEP Voluntary Severance Plan in the second quarter of
1996 and related pension settlements. The VSP was accepted by approximately
200 employees, or 15% of the total workforce.
Income tax expense included in Operating Expenses increased in 1997
compared with 1996 related to an increase in pre-tax operating income, net of
interest expense.
Other Income Deductions
Income Tax benefits included in Other Income Deductions decreased in
1997 as a result of decreased recognition of prior period NOL benefits in
1997. The recognition of a greater amount of prior period NOL benefits also
caused such income tax benefits to be higher in 1996 than in 1995. The
Company and TEP recognized $434 million, $886 million, and $233 million of
NOL benefit in 1997, 1996, and 1995, respectively. The recognition of these
benefits results from a revision in the estimated amount of NOLs that the
Company and TEP believe are likely to be used on future income tax returns. A
significant factor, among others, considered in estimating such amount is the
three year historical average book income before taxes. In future periods
when such NOLs are used on tax returns, the income tax expense shown on the
Company and TEP Consolidated Statements of Income will not be reduced to
reflect such utilization.
As of the end of December 31, 1997, on a cumulative basis, the Company
and TEP had recognized in their income statement the amount of prior period
NOL benefit that the Company and TEP expect to use on future income tax
returns. Additional amounts of prior period NOL benefit which may be
recognized in the future in the Company and TEP income statement are at
present indeterminate due to the interplay of open tax years for which tax
assessments may be made and varying expiration dates of federal and state NOL
carryforwards. See Income Tax Position below.
A Reversal of Loss Provision in the amount of $102 million was
recorded in the second quarter of 1997 as a result of the dissolution of
certain subsidiaries which formed part of TEP former investment operations.
A Reversal of Loss Provision of $85 million was recorded in the third
quarter of 1996. The 1996 Reversal of Loss Provision relates to the
satisfaction by TEP non-energy related subsidiaries of approximately $85
million of short-term debt obligations through the assignment of certain
finance receivables held by such subsidiaries. See Notes 4 and 5 of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements, Consolidated Subsidiaries, TEP
Subsidiaries and Long and Short-Term Debt and Capital Lease Obligations,
Short-Term Debt.
Other Income Deductions was lower in 1997 than in 1996 resulting from
equity in losses from new business investments.
Interest Expense
Interest Expense on Long-Term Debt increased in 1997 over 1996 as a
result of the refinancing of certain variable and fixed rate debt obligations
with unsecured fixed rate debt obligations, having later maturity dates, at
higher interest rates see Financing Developments, TEP Sale of Bonds, below,
as well as higher average interest rates on TEP variable rate debt
obligations. The weighted average interest rate on TEP tax-exempt variable
rate debt obligations was 37% in 1997 and 35% in 1996, excluding letter of
credit fees.
Other Interest Expense was lower in 1997 than in 1996 due to $19
million in interest expense incurred in the third quarter of 1996 related to
the 1996 contested sales tax assessment of $73 million.  ACCOUNTING FOR THE EFFECTS OF REGULATION
TEP prepares its financial statements in accordance with the provisions
of FAS 71. This statement requires a cost-based rate-regulated utility to
reflect the effect of regulatory decisions in its financial statements. In
certain circumstances, FAS 71 requires that certain costs and/or obligations
be reflected in a deferral account in the balance sheet and not be reflected
in the statement of income or loss until matching revenues are recognized.
Therefore, the Company and TEP Consolidated Balance Sheets at December
31, 1997 and 1996, contain certain line items for example, Deferred Debits -
Regulatory Assets, Accumulated Deferred Investment Tax Credits Regulatory
Liability, MSR Option Gain Regulatory Liability, Emission Allowance Gain
Regulatory Liability, and Other Regulatory Liabilities solely as a result of
the application of FAS 71. In addition, a number of line items in the
Company and TEP Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended
December 31, 1997, 1996 and 1995 also reflect the application of FAS 71.
If at some point in the future TEP determines that all or a portion
of its regulated operations no longer meet the criteria for continued
application of FAS 71, TEP would be required to adopt the provisions of FAS
101 for that portion of the operations for which FAS 71 no longer applied.
As of the date of adoption of FAS 101, TEP would be required unless
alternative regulatory recovery mechanisms were provided to write off its
regulatory assets and liabilities and would be precluded in subsequent
periods from creating regulatory assets by deferring incurred costs expected
to be recovered through rates in the future. Based on the balances of the
regulatory assets and liabilities at December 31, 1997, TEP estimates that
future adoption of FAS 101 if applied to all of the regulated operations,
would result in an extraordinary loss of $181 million, which includes a
reduction for the related income tax benefit of $100 million. Cash flows
would not be affected by the adoption of FAS 101.
At the present time, TEP recovers the costs of its plant assets through
its regulated revenues. If in the future TEP discontinues accounting
according to the provisions of FAS 71, TEP would also need to consider
whether the markets in which it is then selling power will allow recovery of
the costs of its plant assets. If at that time, market prices are not
expected to allow TEP to recover the costs of its plant assets, additional
write-downs may be required in accordance with the provisions of FAS 121.
TEP is presently unable to predict the amounts, if any, of potential future
write-downs attributable to the provisions of FAS 121 under such
circumstances.
As noted in Competition, Retail above, in December 1996, the ACC voted
to adopt rules on retail electric competition in Arizona. However, the ACC
has not yet adopted specific guidelines for quantifying unmitigated stranded
costs, including the methods used to identify and value jurisdictional assets
and obligations. In February 1998 the ACC held hearings regarding stranded
costs, including, but not limited to, comparisons of methods of computation
of stranded costs and the appropriate level of stranded cost for which
recovery should be authorized. The hearing officer is expected to issue a
recommended order in the second quarter of 1998. Following the issuance of
the recommended order, the ACC will determine, following an open meeting,
whether to adopt the recommended order in whole or in part. The Company is
unable to predict whether such an order would provide guidance as to the
specific stranded costs allowable as recoverable by TEP, or whether an
additional set of hearings for individual companies will be needed to
determine the amounts recoverable by TEP. In addition, in January 1998,
legislation was proposed before the Arizona Legislature regarding the
introduction of electric industry competition in Arizona. TEP cannot predict
the outcome of the proposed legislation or whether the ACC and the Arizona
Legislature will propose other initiatives on industry restructuring. TEP,
in reliance on previous rate orders, believes that it will recover the full
costs of its investments in utility plant assets and regulatory assets. The
hearing officer recommended order or the order as finally adopted by the
ACC may include language that precludes TEP from continuing to apply FAS 71
to the generation portion of its operations. If less than full recovery of
stranded costs is provided, significant write-offs of assets may occur
relating to adoption of FAS 101 and application of FAS 121 as described
above. Approximately 65% of the regulatory assets described in Note 1 of
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Accounting for the Effects of
Regulation relate to the generation portion of TEP operations.
Further, in response to legislative and other measures being developed
in various states to deregulate the electric generation business, the Company
is aware that the SEC and the Emerging Issues Task Force of the Financial
Accounting Standards Board EITF have been reviewing the appropriateness of
electric utilities continuing to account for generation transactions in
accordance with FAS 71 in states where such deregulation is beginning to
develop. In general, the EITF concluded that utilities are no longer subject
to FAS 71 for the generation portion of their business when a deregulation plan
is in place and its terms are known. The EITF also concluded that utilities can
continue to carry previously recorded regulatory assets including those
related to generation on their balance sheets if regulators have provided a 
regulated cash flow stream to recover the cost of their assets. The application
of the EITF consensus to specific factual circumstances remains unclear.
Based on the consensus issued by the EITF in May and July 1997, at
some point in the future, TEP may be unable to continue to apply FAS 71 to
the generation portion of the business, even if TEP believes it will recover
the full amount of its costs under the ACC competition phase-in plan.
The Company and TEP are unable to predict the outcome of these matters.  DIVIDENDS ON COMMON STOCK
UniSource Energy
The Company ability to pay dividends is dependent upon cash flow from
its subsidiaries, TEP and MEH. TEP comprises substantially all of UniSource
Energy assets. TEP is currently precluded by restrictive covenants in
certain debt agreements from declaring or paying dividends. No dividend on
common stock has been declared or paid by TEP since 1989. Until such time as
TEP is able to pay dividends to UniSource Energy, it is unlikely that
UniSource Energy would declare and pay dividends to holders of its Common
Stock.
TEP
So long as certain series of First Mortgage Bonds aggregating $184
million in principal amount are outstanding, the payment of dividends on TEP
Common Stock is prohibited if certain cash flow coverage and retained
earnings tests are not met. The cash flow coverage test would prevent TEP
from paying dividends on its Common Stock until such time as its cash flow
coverage ratio, as defined therein, is greater or equal to a ratio of 2 to 1,
and the retained earnings test would permit dividend payments so long as TEP
has positive retained earnings. As of December 31, 1997, TEP had a cash flow
coverage ratio in excess of 3 to 1 but did not meet the retained earnings
test as the accumulated deficit was $422 million. Such covenants will remain
in effect until the First Mortgage Bonds of such series have been paid or
redeemed. The latest maturity of such First Mortgage Bonds is in 2003. In
order for TEP to pay a dividend before such maturity date, TEP would need to
have positive retained earnings or redeem all outstanding First Mortgage
Bonds of each series that contain such covenants or amend the supplemental
mortgage indentures pertaining to such series of First Mortgage Bonds. Such
an amendment would require approval by holders of 75% of all First Mortgage
Bonds.
During 1998, TEP plans to refinance or retire a substantial portion of
the First Mortgage Bonds that currently prohibit the payment of dividends.
See Financing Developments, TEP Financing Authority, below. TEP may also
seek bondholder approval to remove or revise covenants contained in the
supplemental indentures that currently prohibit the payment of dividends.
TEP bank Credit Agreement allows for the payment of dividends so long
as TEP maintains compliance with the agreement and meets its financial
covenants, including a covenant which requires TEP to maintain a minimum
level of net worth. As of December 31, 1997, the required minimum net worth
was $1664 million. See Additional Restrictive Covenants, below. As of
December 31, 1997, TEP was in compliance with the terms of the Credit
Agreement.
Pursuant to the ACC Holding Company Order, until such time as TEP
equity ratio equals 375% of total capital excluding capital lease
obligations, TEP may not pay dividends to UniSource Energy in excess of 75%
of its earnings. As of December 31, 1997, TEP equity ratio was 15%.
In addition to such restrictive covenants, the Federal Power Act states
that dividends shall not be paid out of funds properly included in the
capital account. It is unclear whether such provisions of the Federal Power
Act restrict TEP from paying dividends.  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
CASH FLOWS
UniSource Energy and TEP
Due to growth in retail sales and cost containment efforts, net cash
flows from continuing operations were more than sufficient, in all three
years from 1995 to 1997, to cover all construction expenditures and debt
maturities.
Net cash flows from operating activities decreased in aggregate by $27
million in 1997 compared with 1996, after giving effect to a $40 million
payment to a major coal supplier in 1997 as part of a contract termination
fee. See Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Rate Matters,
Springerville Coal Contract Termination Fee. Excluding this contract
termination fee, net cash flows from operating activities increased by $13
million to $164 million from $151 million in 1996. This increase resulted
from a $27 million increase in cash receipts from retail and wholesale
customers and a $12 million decrease in wages paid net of amounts
capitalized. This decrease in wages paid was related to the implementation
of TEP Voluntary Severance Plan in the second quarter of 1996. These
increases to net cash flows were partially offset by a $24 million increase
in fuel and purchased power payments and $15 million in cash received from
the sale of emission allowances in 1996.
Net cash outflows from investing activities were relatively unchanged
in 1997 compared to 1996 as construction expenditures increased by $5
million, while investments in joint ventures decreased by $4 million.
Net cash outflows from financing activities increased in aggregate by
$3 million in 1997 compared with 1996. Despite a significant amount of debt
issuance activity in 1997, the majority constituted refinancing of existing
debt, with only $23 million in net new funds. See Financing Developments
below. TEP also repaid the outstanding principal balance of $31 million on
its Renewable Term Loan in 1997. Payments toward the retirement of capital
lease obligations decreased by $23 million due primarily to a scheduled
reduction in lease payments on Irvington Unit 4. Lease payments on Irvington
Unit 4 totaled $85 million in 1997 and $280 million during 1996. Future
scheduled lease payments on Irvington Unit 4 average approximately $13
million per year through the end of the lease term in 2011.
As a result of activities described above, cash and cash equivalents
increased by $16 million or 12% from the 1996 year-end balance of $130
million to the 1997 year-end balance of $146 million. The Company
consolidated cash balance including cash equivalents at February 24, 1998,
was approximately $131 million. Of this amount, $89 million was held by TEP
and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. Cash balances are invested in investment
grade, money-market securities with an emphasis on preserving the principal
amounts invested.
TEP
During 1998, TEP expects to generate sufficient internal cash flows to
fund its operating activities and construction expenditures. However, TEP
cash flows are subject to variation due to changes in wholesale revenues,
changes in short-term interest rates, and other factors. For example, an
increase in short-term interest rates of 100 basis points 1% would result
in an approximate $5 million increase in annual interest payments at current
variable debt levels. If cash flows were to fall short of expectations, TEP
would rely on existing cash balances and, if necessary, borrowings under the
Revolving Credit.
UniSource Energy
During 1998 and beyond, the Company sources of cash will be primarily
dividends from TEP when allowed and proceeds from the sale of securities.
Potential cash requirements may include funds to provide to subsidiaries,
funds to meet debt service obligations, and funds for the payment of
dividends to shareholders. See Dividends on Common Stock and Financing
Developments, UniSource Energy for details on these sources and uses of
funds.   FINANCING DEVELOPMENTS
TEP Sale of Bonds
In April 1997, the City of Farmington, New Mexico issued $804 million
of Pollution Control Revenue Bonds for the benefit of TEP. The net proceeds
made available to TEP were used in June 1997 to redeem $479 million
principal amount of previously issued 625% bonds that would have matured in
2003 and $325 million principal amount of previously issued 610% bonds that
would have matured in 2007. The new bonds, which are unsecured, bear
interest at 695% and mature in 2020. In addition to extending maturities,
this transaction eliminated sinking fund requirements under the previously
issued bonds and resulted in the retirement of $325 million in
collateralizing First Mortgage Bonds.
In April 1997, the Coconino County, Arizona Pollution Control
Corporation issued $367 million of Pollution Control Revenue Bonds for the
benefit of TEP. The net proceeds loaned to TEP were used, in part, to
redeem, in June 1997, $167 million principal amount of previously issued
variable rate bonds that would have matured in 2031 and the remaining portion
is being used to fund $20 million of construction costs of additional
pollution abatement facilities at Navajo Generating Station. The new bonds,
which are unsecured, bear interest at 7125% and mature in 2032. The $167
million of previously issued bonds redeemed in this transaction were backed
by a letter of credit expiring in April 1999, which was collateralized by
$183 million aggregate principal amount of First Mortgage Bonds.
In April 1997, the Coconino County, Arizona Pollution Control
Corporation issued $147 million of Pollution Control Revenue Bonds for the
benefit of TEP. The net proceeds loaned to TEP were used in June 1997 to
redeem $147 million principal amount of previously issued variable rate
bonds that would have matured in 2031. The new bonds, which are unsecured,
bear interest at 700% and mature in 2032. The $147 million of previously
issued bonds redeemed in this transaction were backed by a letter of credit
expiring in April 1999, which was collateralized by $161 million aggregate
principal amount of First Mortgage Bonds.
In October 1997, the Industrial Development Authority of the County of
Pima, Arizona issued $2475 million of Industrial Development Revenue Bonds
for the benefit of TEP. The net proceeds loaned to TEP were used in November
1997, to redeem $245 million principal amount of previously issued variable
rate bonds that would have matured between 2018 and 2025 and to finance
improvements to TEP lower voltage electric transmission and distribution
system in Pima County, Arizona. The new bonds, which are unsecured, were
sold in three series: Series A $225 million bears interest at 610% and
matures in 2025; Series B $150 million and Series C $75 million bear
interest at 600% and mature in 2029. The previously issued bonds redeemed
in this transaction were backed by letters of credit expiring between 2000
and 2002. One of these letters of credit was collateralized by $207 million
aggregate principal amount of First Mortgage Bonds.
TEP Bank Credit Agreements
In February 1997, TEP repaid the outstanding balance of $31 million
under the Renewable Term Loan under the MRA. In December 1997, the MRA was
replaced with a new bank Credit Agreement described below. Upon
termination of the MRA, a release of lien was obtained for Springerville Unit
2, title to which is held by San Carlos. Second Mortgage Bonds $50 million
aggregate principal amount held as collateral under the MRA were also
returned to TEP.
In December 1997, TEP entered into a new $544 million bank Credit
Agreement to replace the credit facilities provided under the MRA. The new
Credit Agreement consists of a $100 million Revolving Credit Facility for
general corporate purposes and a $444 million Letter of Credit Facility to
support $4286 million aggregate principal amount of tax-exempt variable rate
debt obligations. The facilities mature on December 30, 2002 and are secured
by Second Mortgage Bonds $544 million aggregate principal amount. The
Credit Agreement contains certain financial covenants, including interest
coverage, leverage and net worth tests. As of December 31, 1997, TEP was in
compliance with such financial covenants. See Restrictive Covenants below.
Borrowings, if any, under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest
at a variable rate consisting of a spread over LIBOR or an alternate base
rate. The spread is based upon a pricing grid tied to the credit rating then
in effect on TEP senior secured debt. The annual commitment fee payable on
the unused portion of the Revolving Credit Facility, as well as the fee
payable on the Letter of Credit Facility, are also determined based upon
TEP credit ratings. At December 31, 1997, the commitment fee equaled
0375% per annum, while the letter of credit fee excluding LOC fronting fees
of 0125% and applicable LIBOR spread equaled 1625% per annum. TEP had no
borrowings outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility at December 31,
1997.
TEP Financing Authority
TEP obtained authority from the ACC in August 1997 to refinance up to
$450 million of tax-exempt variable rate debt obligations. As described
above in Sale of Bonds, TEP refinanced $245 million in tax-exempt variable
rate debt obligations with fixed rate unsecured debt in October 1997, leaving
$205 million in available refinancing authority. During the first half of
1998, TEP intends to refinance $100 million aggregate principal amount of its
1981 Series A Apache County Pollution Control Revenue Bonds and $100 million
aggregate principal amount of its 1981 Series B Apache County Pollution
Control Revenue Bonds. The 1981 Series A Apache Bonds are supported by
letters of credit which are collateralized by Second Mortgage Bonds under the
terms of TEP Credit Agreement. The refinancing of these bonds would reduce
the amount of the Letter of Credit Facility from $444 million to $341 million
and reduce the amount of Second Mortgage Bonds collateralizing such LOCs by
$103 million. The 1981 Series B Apache Bonds are supported by a letter of
credit outside of the Credit Agreement and are collateralized by First
Mortgage Bonds. The refinancing of these bonds on a fixed rate unsecured
basis would eliminate a letter of credit which expires in 1999 and retire the
$103 million of First Mortgage Bonds collateralizing the LOC.
TEP also obtained authority from the ACC in 1997 to refinance up to
$184 million in First Mortgage Bonds scheduled to mature between 1999 and
2003, with the issuance of new securities consisting of debt and/or equity
securities. TEP intends to pursue the negotiation and consummation of such
transactions during 1998 with the objective of extending maturities and
eliminating restrictive covenants contained in the existing First Mortgage
Bonds.
There can be no assurance that any of the contemplated transactions
will be consummated or that the terms of any transactions which are
consummated will result in the realization of TEP objectives. TEP may
incur increased financing costs as a result of the completion of the proposed
financings. TEP believes, however, that such costs are outweighed by related
benefits, including the extension of maturities, reduction in volatility of
capital costs, and elimination of certain restrictions on the payment of
dividends.
UniSource Energy
On January 1, 1998, the Company and TEP completed a statutory share
exchange, pursuant to which the outstanding common stock of TEP was
exchanged, on a share-for-share basis, for the common stock of the Company.
Following the share exchange, TEP transferred the stock of its subsidiary,
MEH Corporation to the Company in exchange for a ten-year promissory note 
from UniSource Energy in the amount of $95 million. The promissory note was
issued in accordance with the ACC Order authorizing the formation of the
holding company. Pursuant to the ACC Order, the interest rate on the note
issued to TEP is 978%. 
UniSource Energy plans to establish a direct stock purchase plan in the
first half of 1998, pursuant to which UniSource Energy will issue up to
1,000,000 shares of common stock.
Pursuant to the ACC Holding Company Order, 60% of the proceeds of any
public equity issuance undertaken by the Company in its first five years of
operations must be used to reduce TEP debt or add to TEP equity account.
TAX EXEMPT LOCAL FURNISHING BONDS
TEP has financed a substantial portion of utility plant assets with the
proceeds of the issuance and sale of industrial development revenue bonds by
the Industrial Development Authorities of Pima County and Apache County. The
interest on these bonds is, with certain exceptions, excluded from gross
income for federal tax purposes. Such exclusion is based, in part, upon the
qualification of the facilities for the local furnishing of electric energy
within the meaning of the Internal Revenue Code. Such qualification
requires, among other things, that such facilities be part of a system
providing electric service to the general populace of not more than two
contiguous counties and that the owner or operator of such facilities be
obligated to provide such service. TEP provides electric service to retail
customers in the city of Tucson and environs in Pima County, Arizona and to
Fort Huachuca in adjacent Cochise County.
As of December 31, 1997, there were approximately $580 million in
aggregate principal amount of local furnishing bonds outstanding. In
addition, approximately $98 million aggregate principal amount of debt
related to the Irvington Unit 4 lease obligation was issued on the basis of
local furnishing rules. The facilities financed by TEP with the proceeds of
such tax-exempt bonds include Springerville Unit 2, Irvington Unit 4, a
dedicated 345-kV transmission line from Springerville Unit 2 to TEP retail
service area the Express Line, and a portion of TEP local transmission
and distribution system in the Tucson metropolitan area. Although the
introduction of retail competition and expanded wholesale competition could
affect energy flows on TEP system, TEP does not expect future energy flows
to change in such a manner as to cause a loss of the two-county tax
exemption. Additionally, TEP does not expect its system to lose its
qualification as a local furnishing system as a result of the potential
formation of an independent system operator see Competition, Wholesale or
as a result of future sales of electricity on a competitive retail basis
outside of the current two-county service area. However, there can be no
assurance of continued qualification of the system. Should TEP local
furnishing system become disqualified, due to unanticipated changes in tax
laws, industry structure, or system operations, TEP would likely be required
to redeem or defease all local furnishing bonds outstanding.  INCOME TAX POSITION
At December 31, 1997, the Company and TEP had, for federal income tax
purposes, approximately $437 million of NOL carryforwards expiring in 2005
through 2009; $26 million of alternative minimum tax AMT loss carryforwards
expiring in 2008; $26 million of unused ITC, the use of which will expire
during 2002 through 2005; $11 million of capital loss carryforwards which
expire in 1999; and $6 million of AMT credit which will carry forward to
future years. For state income tax purposes, the Company and TEP had
approximately $29 million of NOL carryforwards expiring in 1998 and 1999.
Due to the Financial Restructuring in 1992, the Company and TEP
experienced a change in ownership under section 382 of the Internal Revenue
Code in December 1991. As a result, the amount of taxable income for any
post-change year which may be offset by pre-change NOL will be limited to the
section 382 limitation. The section 382 limitation is based on the value of
the Company and TEP on the ownership change date. The Company and TEP
estimate an annual section 382 limit of approximately $23 million. The total
section 382 limitation may be increased to the extent of gains recognized on
sales of assets whose fair market value was greater than tax basis at the
ownership change date, the built-in-gain. The section 382 limitation may
increase by built-in-gain recognized within a period of five years after the
change in ownership. During 1992 through 1996, the section 382 limitation
increased by approximately $102 million of built-in-gain recognized due to
asset sales. Unused section 382 limitation may be carried forward until the
pre-change tax attributes expire. At December 31, 1997, the Company and TEP
had pre-change federal NOL and ITC carryforwards of approximately $281
million and $26 million, respectively. Such amounts are included in the
amounts disclosed in the preceding paragraph. See Note 7 of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements, Contingencies, Income Tax Assessments, for
information regarding a recent IRS challenge to the Company and TEP
computation of the Section 382 limitation.
RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS
GENERAL FIRST MORTGAGE COVENANTS
TEP General First Mortgage constitutes a first mortgage lien on and
security interest in substantially all the utility plant assets of TEP.
Springerville Unit 2, title to which is held by San Carlos, is not subject
to such lien and security interest. Under the General First Mortgage, TEP
may issue additional First Mortgage Bonds a to the extent of 60% of net
additions to utility property if net earnings, as defined therein, for a
specified period of 12 consecutive calendar months out of the 15 calendar
months preceding the date of issuance are at least two 20 times the annual
interest requirements on all First Mortgage Bonds to be outstanding and b
to the extent of the principal amount of retired bonds. The net earnings
test specified in clause a above generally need not be satisfied prior to
the issuance of bonds in accordance with clause b above unless x i the
new bonds are issued within one year after the issuance of, or more than two
years prior to the stated maturity of, the retired bonds and ii the new
bonds bear a greater rate of interest than the retired bonds or y the new
bonds are issued in respect of retired bonds the interest charges on which
have been excluded from any net earnings certificate filed with the indenture
trustee since the retirement of such bonds. At December 31, 1997, TEP had
the ability to issue approximately $133 million of new First Mortgage Bonds
on the basis of property additions, as described above, and, in addition, TEP
had the ability to issue approximately $189 million of new First Mortgage
Bonds on the basis of retired bonds. However, TEP Credit Agreement
provides that the amount of outstanding First Mortgage Bonds shall not exceed
$411 million, the amount outstanding as of December 31, 1997. Additionally,
the Credit Agreement contains certain financial covenants which serve to
limit the amount of new debt obligations TEP may issue. See Additional
Restrictive Covenants below.
See Dividends on Common Stock above for a discussion of restrictions on
the payment of Common Stock dividends under the General First Mortgage.
GENERAL SECOND MORTGAGE COVENANTS
TEP General Second Mortgage constitutes a second mortgage lien on and
security interest in substantially all the utility plant assets of TEP but
not of San Carlos. Under the General Second Mortgage, TEP may issue
additional Second Mortgage Bonds a to the extent of 70% of net additions to
utility property if net earnings, as defined therein, for a specified period
of 12 consecutive calendar months within the 16 calendar months preceding the
date of issuance are at least one and three-quarters 1-3/4 times the annual
interest requirements on all First Mortgage Bonds and Second Mortgage Bonds
to be outstanding and b to the extent of the principal amount of retired
Second Mortgage Bonds and First Mortgage Bonds. Issuance of Second Mortgage
Bonds on the basis of an amount of retired First Mortgage Bonds reduces by
the same amount the First Mortgage Bonds which could be issued under the
General First Mortgage on the basis of retired bonds. The net earnings test
specified in clause a above generally need not be satisfied prior to the
issuance of bonds in accordance with clause b above unless x i the new
bonds are issued within one year after the issuance of, or more than two
years prior to the stated maturity of, the retired bonds and ii the new
bonds bear a greater rate of interest than the retired bonds or y the new
bonds are issued in respect of retired bonds the interest charges on which
have been excluded from any net earnings certificate filed with the indenture
trustee since the retirement of such bonds. At December 31, 1997, TEP had
the ability to issue approximately $264 million aggregate principal amount of
new Second Mortgage Bonds on the basis of net property additions as described
above. Additionally, TEP had the ability to issue approximately $239 million
of new Second Mortgage Bonds on the basis of retired bonds. Using an assumed
interest rate of 8% per annum for the new issuances of Second Mortgage Bonds,
the net earnings test would not prohibit such issuances. The issuance of
such amounts of Second Mortgage Bonds assumes that no additional First
Mortgage Bonds would be issued other than to refund First Mortgage Bonds
outstanding at December 31, 1997. However, issuance of such amounts would be
limited by financial covenants in TEP bank Credit Agreement.
See Financing Developments, TEP Bank Credit Agreements and Restrictive
Covenants, Credit Agreement Covenants for information regarding the new
Credit Agreement which is secured by $544 million in aggregate principal
amount of Second Mortgage Bonds.
CREDIT AGREEMENT COVENANTS
On December 30, 1997, TEP entered into a new Credit Agreement to
replace the facilities provided under the MRA. The Credit Agreement contains
a number of restrictive covenants. The entities governed by such covenants
are TEP and its Consolidated Subsidiaries defined as San Carlos and each
other Subsidiary of TEP from time to time so designated by TEP. Such
restrictive covenants include, but are not limited to, covenants limiting,
with certain exceptions, i the incurrence of additional indebtedness, ii
the incurrence of liens, iii the sale of assets or the merger with or into
any other entity, iv the ability to make restricted payments i.e.
dividends in the event of a default, and v the Company ability to enter
into sale-leaseback arrangements. In addition, TEP is required to maintain
certain financial covenants including a a minimum Consolidated Tangible Net
Worth equal to the sum of $133 million plus 40% of cumulative Consolidated
Net Income since January 1, 1997, b a minimum Cash Coverage Ratio ranging
from 130 in 1997 and gradually increasing to 155 in 2002, and c a maximum
Leverage Ratio ranging from 700 in 1997 and gradually decreasing to 620 in
2002. For the year ended December 31, 1997, TEP Consolidated Tangible Net
Worth of $2169 million exceeded the required minimum of $1664 million; its
Cash Coverage Ratio was 167 and its Leverage Ratio was 664. See Dividends
on Common Stock for a discussion of the effects of such covenants on TEP
ability to declare or pay dividends.
See Financing Developments, TEP Bank Credit Agreements for more
information regarding the new Credit Agreement.
CONSTRUCTION EXPENDITURES
Estimated construction expenditures of TEP, including AFDC, for the
five years 1998 through 2002, respectively, are $96 million, $78 million, $73
million, $59 million and $59 million. These amounts include the following 217 million for transmission and distribution facilities in the Tucson area 8 million for expenditures which are necessary to upgrade pollution control
facilities at Navajo see Item 1., Business, Environmental Matters, Navajo
Generating Station; $11 million for expenditures associated with the
pollution control facilities at San Juan see Item 1., Business,
Environmental Matters, San Juan Generating Station; and $129 million related
to existing production facilities, a small portion of which relates to the
potential purchase of gas combustion turbines currently under lease by TEP.
These estimated construction expenditures include costs to comply with
current federal and state environmental regulations. All of these estimates
are subject to continuing review and adjustment. Actual construction
expenditures may vary from these estimates due to factors such as changes in
business conditions, construction schedules and environmental requirements.
TEP plans to fund these construction expenditures through internally
generated funds.
Also, see Notes 5 and 7 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements,
Long and Short-Term Debt and Capital Lease Obligations, and Commitments and
Contingencies, respectively.  IMPACT OF YEAR 2000 ON COMPUTER SYSTEMS AND APPLICATIONS
The Company has and will continue to review, test and make
modifications to its computer systems and applications to ensure that its
generation, transmission and distribution facilities will provide
uninterrupted service and that year 2000 transactions can be processed. This
review process includes its information systems, the control and embedded
systems of TEP utility plant including that in which TEP has an ownership
interest but does not have operating control, as well as the status of major
vendors. The Company has identified the major vendors with which it has
major alliances or dependencies upon products or services and is in the
process of contacting such vendors to ascertain what plans they have to
correct any problems they may face with year 2000 compliance. TEP is also
involved in discussions with other electric service providers in the WSCC to
evaluate potential risks associated with this issue resulting from
interconnected electric and informational systems.
At this time it is the Company assessment that all identified
modifications to systems within the Company operating control will be made
within the required time frames. The Company currently estimates that the
costs associated with this project are not material to the Company
operating results. The Company can make no assurances regarding the year
2000 compliance status of systems or parties outside of the Company direct
control and the Company cannot assess the effect on the Company of non-
compliance by systems or parties outside of the Company direct control.
SAFE HARBOR FOR FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
UniSource Energy and TEP are including the following cautionary
statements to make applicable and take advantage of the safe harbor
provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 for any
forward-looking statements made by, or on behalf, of UniSource Energy or TEP
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Forward-looking statements include
statements concerning plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future events or
performance and underlying assumptions and other statements which are other
than statements of historical facts. Such forward-looking statements may be
identified, without limitation, by the use of the words anticipates,
estimates, expects, intends, plans, predicts, projects, and
similar expressions. From time to time, the Company may publish or otherwise
make available forward-looking statements of this nature. All such forward-
looking statements, whether written or oral, and whether made by or on behalf
of UniSource Energy or TEP, are expressly qualified by these cautionary
statements and any other cautionary statements which may accompany the
forward-looking statements. In addition, UniSource Energy and TEP disclaim
any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or
circumstances after the date hereof.
Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties which could
cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed in
the forward-looking statements. The expectations, beliefs and projections of
UniSource Energy and TEP are expressed in good faith and are believed by
UniSource Energy and TEP to have a reasonable basis, including without
limitation, management examination of historical operating trends, data
contained in the records of UniSource Energy and TEP and other data available
from third parties, but there can be no assurance that management
expectations, beliefs or projections will result or be achieved or
accomplished. In addition to other factors and matters discussed elsewhere
herein, some of the important factors that, in the view of UniSource Energy
and TEP, could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed
in the forward-looking statements include the following 1. Effects of restructuring initiatives in the electric industry and other
energy-related industries.
2. Changes in economic conditions, demographic patterns and weather
conditions in TEP retail service area.
3. Changes affecting TEP cost of providing electrical service including,
but not limited to, changes in fuel costs, generating unit operating
performance, interest rates, tax laws, environmental laws, and the general
rate of inflation.
4. Changes in governmental policies and regulatory actions with respect to
allowed rates of return, financings, and rate structures.
5. Changes affecting the cost of competing energy alternatives, including
changes in available generating technologies and changes in the cost of
natural gas.
6. Changes in accounting principles or the application of such principles to
UniSource Energy or TEP.  ITEM 8. -- CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
- 
See Item 14, page 76, for a list of the Consolidated Financial Statements
which are included in the following pages. See Note 11 of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements.  INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT
- UniSource Energy Corporation and its Stockholders
Tucson Electric Power Company
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and statements
of capitalization of UniSource Energy Corporation and its subsidiaries the
Company and Tucson Electric Power Company and its subsidiaries TEP as of
December 31, 1997 and 1996, and the related consolidated statements of
income, changes in stockholders' equity deficit, and cash flows for each of
the three years in the period ended December 31, 1997. These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company and TEP management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based
on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free
of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of the Company and TEP at December
31, 1997 and 1996, and the results of their operations and their cash flows
for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1997 in
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.
DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP
Tucson, Arizona
February 23, 1998
UNISOURCE ENERGY CORPORATION
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME       Years Ended December 31,
1997    1996    1995
- Thousands of Dollars -
Operating Revenues
Retail Customers            $ 624,221  $ 611,564  $ 574,925
Amortization of MSR Option Gain
Regulatory Liability            8,105   20,053   20,053
Sales for Resale              97,567   84,256   75,591
Total Operating Revenues        729,893   715,873   670,569
Operating Expenses
Fuel and Purchased Power         216,163   208,808   167,989
Capital Lease Expense           103,914   104,087   105,368
Amortization of Springerville
Unit 1 Allowance             28,037  29,090  28,432
Other Operations             107,199   97,555   99,883
Maintenance and Repairs          36,657   36,449   41,801
Depreciation and Amortization       86,405   98,246   93,136
Taxes Other Than Income Taxes       51,339   61,902   58,733
Voluntary Severance Plan Expense - Net   2,933   10,555      -
Income Taxes                19,297    9,795    8,920
Total Operating Expenses        595,870   598,307   547,398
Operating Income           134,023   117,566   123,171
Other Income Deductions
Income Taxes                41,401   91,950   29,356
Reversal of Loss Provision         10,154    8,472      -
Interest Income               8,565    6,271    8,222
Deferred Springerville Unit 2 Carrying
Costs                     -     286    1,127
Other Income Deductions         6,370   1,020   2,826
Total Other Income Deductions     53,750   105,959   41,531
Interest Expense
Long-Term Debt               63,573   59,647   69,174
Interest Imputed on Losses Recorded at
Present Value               32,657   32,599   32,633
Other Interest Expense           7,971   10,427    7,990
Total Interest Expense         104,201   102,673   109,797
Net Income                $ 83,572  $ 120,852  $ 54,905
Average Shares of
Common Stock Outstanding 000       32,138   32,136   32,138
Basic Earnings per Share         $  260  $  376  $  171
Diluted Earnings per Share        $  259  $  375  $  170
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
UNISOURCE ENERGY CORPORATION
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS       Years Ended December 31,
1997   1996   1995
- Thousands of Dollars -
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
Cash Receipts from Retail Customers     $664,294 $653,933 $616,064
Cash Receipts from Sales for Resale      96,569  80,123  80,415
Fuel and Purchased Power Costs Paid     203,713 180,134 167,672
Wages Paid, Net of Amounts Capitalized    61,369 73,184 63,412
Payment of Other Operations and
Maintenance Costs              83,814 76,529 75,504
Capital Lease Interest Paid         83,019 84,383 83,986
Interest Paid, Net of Amounts Capitalized  65,848 70,275 78,743
Taxes Paid, Net of Amounts Capitalized    99,126 103,079 120,759
Contract Termination Fee Paid        40,000    -     -
Emission Allowance Inventory Purchases    11,503 12,340  4,190
Emission Allowance Inventory Sales         -  14,710  11,255
Interest Received               8,152   6,342   7,882
Income Taxes Paid                984  1,566  1,960
Other                     4,751  2,351    -
Net Cash Flows - Operating Activities   124,390  151,267  119,390
Cash Flows from Investing Activities
Construction Expenditures          71,420 66,519 59,097
Purchase of Debt Securities            -     -  17,697
Investments in and Loans to Joint Ventures  4,998  9,173 12,429
Other Investments - Net            1,583    240   3,321
Net Cash Flows - Investing Activities   74,835 75,452 85,902
Cash Flows from Financing Activities
Proceeds from Issuance of Long-Term Debt   379,270  31,400     -
Undrawn Long-Term Debt Proceeds Held by
Trustee                   5,309    -     -
Proceeds from Borrowings Under the
Renewable Term Loan                -  14,000     -
Payments to Retire Long-Term Debt      357,310 26,275 36,507
Payments on Renewable Term Loan       31,000 14,000 143,060
Payments to Retire Capital Lease Obligations 13,229 36,292 17,231
Payments for Credit Agreement and Debt
Issuance Costs                7,470   804    -
Other                     1,458   1,353    252
Net Cash Flows - Financing Activities   33,590 30,618 196,546
Net Increase Decrease in
Cash and Cash Equivalents           15,965  45,197 163,058
Cash and Cash Equivalents, Beginning of Year  130,291  85,094  248,152
Cash and Cash Equivalents, End of Year    $146,256 $130,291 $ 85,094
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. UNISOURCE ENERGY CORPORATION
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
December 31,
1997    1996
- Thousands of Dollars ASSETS
Utility Plant
Plant in Service                 $2,194,150 $2,129,205
Utility Plant Under Capital Leases          893,064   893,064
Construction Work in Progress             72,404   74,210
Total Utility Plant               3,159,618  3,096,479
Less Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization   982,621  922,947
Less Accumulated Amortization of Capital Leases   73,728  56,240
Less Springerville Unit 1 Allowance         167,756  163,388
Total Utility Plant - Net            1,935,513  1,953,904
Investments and Other Property             78,772   69,289
Current Assets
Cash and Cash Equivalents              146,256   130,291
Accounts Receivable                  71,225   65,905
Materials and Fuel                  34,005   30,356
Deferred Income Taxes - Current            14,910   10,223
Other                         23,653   14,026
Total Current Assets                290,049   250,801
Deferred Debits - Regulatory Assets
Income Taxes Recoverable Through Future Rates    170,034   173,731
Deferred Springerville Common Facility Costs     58,222   60,762
Deferred Contract Termination Fee           48,077      -
Deferred Springerville Unit 2 Costs          11,590   21,260
Deferred Lease Expense                11,571   15,067
Other Deferred Regulatory Assets           11,089    8,004
Deferred Debits - Other                 19,492   15,723
Total Deferred Debits               330,075   294,547
Total Assets                    $2,634,409 $2,568,541
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. UNISOURCE ENERGY CORPORATION
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
December 31,
1997    1996
- Thousands of Dollars -
CAPITALIZATION AND OTHER LIABILITIES
Capitalization
Common Stock Equity                $ 216,878 $ 133,288
Capital Lease Obligations              890,257   895,867
Long-Term Debt                   1,215,120  1,223,025
Total Capitalization               2,322,255  2,252,180
Current Liabilities
Short-Term Debt                      -    3,567
Current Obligations Under Capital Leases       14,552   10,383
Current Maturities of Long-Term Debt           500    1,635
Accounts Payable                   34,909   28,806
Interest Accrued                   64,812   57,404
Taxes Accrued                     24,397   24,007
Contract Termination Fee Payable           10,000      -
Other                         19,051   15,614
Total Current Liabilities             168,221   141,416
Deferred Credits and Other Liabilities
Deferred Income Taxes - Noncurrent          77,606   96,422
Accumulated Deferred Investment Tax Credits
Regulatory Liability                 11,905   15,188
MSR Option Gain Regulatory Liability            -    7,853
Emission Allowance Gain Regulatory Liability     17,591   17,596
Other                         36,831   37,886
Total Deferred Credits and Other Liabilities    143,933   174,945
Commitments and Contingencies Note 7
Total Capitalization and Other Liabilities     $2,634,409 $2,568,541
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. UNISOURCE ENERGY CORPORATION
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CAPITALIZATION
December 31,
1997    1996
COMMON STOCK EQUITY                 - Thousands of Dollars -
Common Stock--No Par Value  1997     1996
Shares Authorized     75,000,000  75,000,000
Shares Outstanding    32,139,434  32,138,491
Warrants Outstanding*       -      - $ 638,904 $ 638,886
Accumulated Deficit                 422,026  505,598
Total Common Stock Equity             216,878   133,288
PREFERRED STOCK
No Par Value, 1,000,000 Shares Authorized,
None Outstanding                      -      CAPITAL LEASE OBLIGATIONS
Springerville Unit 1                 483,421   474,523
Springerville Coal Handling Facilities        168,959   172,424
Springerville Common Facilities            127,986   131,743
Irvington Unit 4                   121,150   122,818
Other Leases                      3,293    4,742
Total Capital Lease Obligations           904,809   906,250
Less Current Maturities               14,552  10,383
Total Long-Term Capital Lease Obligations     890,257   895,867
LONG-TERM DEBT
Interest
Issue           Maturity    Rate
- 
First Mortgage Bonds
Corporate        1999 - 2009 755% to 850%  165,000   165,000
2000     1222%    78,750   78,750
Industrial Development 2006 - 2021 610% to 750%
Revenue Bonds IDBs        and variable  164,000   248,400
Second Mortgage Bonds
Industrial Development
Revenue Bonds IDBs** 2018 - 2022 variable    428,600   50,000
Other Secured IDBs   2018 - 2022 variable       -   603,600
Unsecured IDBs      2020 - 2032 600% to 713%  379,270   47,910
Renewable Term Loan     1997   variable       -   31,000
Total Stated Principal Amount           1,215,620  1,224,660
Less Current Maturities                500   1,635
Total Long-Term Debt               1,215,120  1,223,025
Total Capitalization                $2,322,255 $2,252,180
continued on next page
UNISOURCE ENERGY CORPORATION
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CAPITALIZATION Continued   There are 12,054,278 Warrants outstanding to purchase common stock of
TEP, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The exercise terms are 5
Warrants plus an exercise price of $16 for each share of TEP common
stock. The Warrants are currently exercisable and expire in 2002.  These IDBs outstanding at December 31, 1997 are backed by LOCs under
TEP new Credit Agreement. TEP obligations under the new Credit
Agreement are secured with Second Mortgage Bonds. See Note 5. The $50
million in Second Mortgage Bonds at December 31, 1996 reflects security
provided for LOCs under the MRA.  Interest rates on variable rate tax-exempt debt IDBs ranged from 250%
to 520% during 1997 and 1996, and averaged 370% in 1997 and 350% in
1996. Interest rates on the Renewable Term Loan ranged from 580% to
640% in 1997 and 1996, and averaged 600% in 1997 and 1996. These IDBs outstanding at December 31, 1996 were backed by LOCs under
the MRA. The MRA was secured in part by a lien on Springerville Unit 2,
title to which is held by San Carlos.  See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. UNISOURCE ENERGY CORPORATION
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY DEFICIT                          Accumulated
Common   Earnings
Stock    Deficit
- Thousands of Dollars Balances at December 31, 1994     $639,122   $681,355
1995 Net Income               -    54,905
10,509 Shares Purchased by Deferred
Compensation Trust            184      -
Balances at December 31, 1995     638,938   626,450
1996 Net Income               -    120,852
2,886 Shares Issued Under Stock
Option Plans                47       -
2,265 Shares Distributed by Deferred
Compensation Trust             33       -
3,881 Additional Shares Issued Under
Reverse Stock Split for Shareholders
with Fractional Shares           -       -
8,802 Shares Purchased by Deferred
Compensation Trust            132      -
Balances at December 31, 1996     638,886   505,598
1997 Net Income               -    83,572
6,630 Shares Issued Under Stock
Option Plans               108       -
3,996 Shares Distributed by Deferred
Compensation Trust             62       -
9,683 Shares Purchased by Deferred
Compensation Trust            152      -
Balances at December 31, 1997     $638,904   $422,026
See Note 6. Dividend and Loan Restrictions for discussion of restrictions on
the Company ability to pay dividends.
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. TUCSON ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME       Years Ended December 31,
1997    1996    1995
- Thousands of Dollars -
Operating Revenues
Retail Customers            $ 624,221  $ 611,564  $ 574,925
Amortization of MSR Option Gain
Regulatory Liability            8,105   20,053   20,053
Sales for Resale              97,567   84,256   75,591
Total Operating Revenues        729,893   715,873   670,569
Operating Expenses
Fuel and Purchased Power         216,163   208,808   167,989
Capital Lease Expense           103,914   104,087   105,368
Amortization of Springerville
Unit 1 Allowance             28,037  29,090  28,432
Other Operations             107,199   97,555   99,883
Maintenance and Repairs          36,657   36,449   41,801
Depreciation and Amortization       86,405   98,246   93,136
Taxes Other Than Income Taxes       51,339   61,902   58,733
Voluntary Severance Plan Expense - Net   2,933   10,555      -
Income Taxes                19,297    9,795    8,920
Total Operating Expenses        595,870   598,307   547,398
Operating Income           134,023   117,566   123,171
Other Income Deductions
Income Taxes                41,401   91,950   29,356
Reversal of Loss Provision         10,154    8,472      -
Interest Income               8,565    6,271    8,222
Deferred Springerville Unit 2 Carrying
Costs                     -     286    1,127
Other Income Deductions         6,370   1,020   2,826
Total Other Income Deductions     53,750   105,959   41,531
Interest Expense
Long-Term Debt               63,573   59,647   69,174
Interest Imputed on Losses Recorded at
Present Value               32,657   32,599   32,633
Other Interest Expense           7,971   10,427    7,990
Total Interest Expense         104,201   102,673   109,797
Net Income                $ 83,572  $ 120,852  $ 54,905
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. TUCSON ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS       Years Ended December 31,
1997   1996   1995
- Thousands of Dollars -
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
Cash Receipts from Retail Customers     $664,294 $653,933 $616,064
Cash Receipts from Sales for Resale      96,569  80,123  80,415
Fuel and Purchased Power Costs Paid     203,713 180,134 167,672
Wages Paid, Net of Amounts Capitalized    61,369 73,184 63,412
Payment of Other Operations and
Maintenance Costs              83,814 76,529 75,504
Capital Lease Interest Paid         83,019 84,383 83,986
Interest Paid, Net of Amounts Capitalized  65,848 70,275 78,743
Taxes Paid, Net of Amounts Capitalized    99,126 103,079 120,759
Contract Termination Fee Paid        40,000    -     -
Emission Allowance Inventory Purchases    11,503 12,340  4,190
Emission Allowance Inventory Sales         -  14,710  11,255
Interest Received               8,152   6,342   7,882
Income Taxes Paid                984  1,566  1,960
Other                     4,751  2,351    -
Net Cash Flows - Operating Activities   124,390  151,267  119,390
Cash Flows from Investing Activities
Construction Expenditures          71,420 66,519 59,097
Purchase of Debt Securities            -     -  17,697
Investments in and Loans to Joint Ventures  4,998  9,173 12,429
Other Investments - Net            1,583    240   3,321
Net Cash Flows - Investing Activities   74,835 75,452 85,902
Cash Flows from Financing Activities
Proceeds from Issuance of Long-Term Debt   379,270  31,400     -
Undrawn Long-Term Debt Proceeds Held by
Trustee                   5,309    -     -
Proceeds from Borrowings Under the
Renewable Term Loan                -  14,000     -
Payments to Retire Long-Term Debt      357,310 26,275 36,507
Payments on Renewable Term Loan       31,000 14,000 143,060
Payments to Retire Capital Lease Obligations 13,229 36,292 17,231
Payments for Credit Agreement and Debt
Issuance Costs                7,470   804    -
Other                     1,458   1,353    252
Net Cash Flows - Financing Activities   33,590 30,618 196,546
Net Increase Decrease in
Cash and Cash Equivalents           15,965  45,197 163,058
Cash and Cash Equivalents, Beginning of Year  130,291  85,094  248,152
Cash and Cash Equivalents, End of Year    $146,256 $130,291 $ 85,094
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. TUCSON ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
December 31,
1997    1996
- Thousands of Dollars -
ASSETS
Utility Plant
Plant in Service                 $2,194,150 $2,129,205
Utility Plant Under Capital Leases          893,064   893,064
Construction Work in Progress             72,404   74,210
Total Utility Plant               3,159,618  3,096,479
Less Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization   982,621  922,947
Less Accumulated Amortization of Capital Leases   73,728  56,240
Less Springerville Unit 1 Allowance         167,756  163,388
Total Utility Plant - Net            1,935,513  1,953,904
Investments and Other Property             78,772   69,289
Current Assets
Cash and Cash Equivalents              146,256   130,291
Accounts Receivable                  71,225   65,905
Materials and Fuel                  34,005   30,356
Deferred Income Taxes - Current            14,910   10,223
Other                         23,653   14,026
Total Current Assets                290,049   250,801
Deferred Debits - Regulatory Assets
Income Taxes Recoverable Through Future Rates    170,034   173,731
Deferred Springerville Common Facility Costs     58,222   60,762
Deferred Contract Termination Fee           48,077      -
Deferred Springerville Unit 2 Costs          11,590   21,260
Deferred Lease Expense                11,571   15,067
Other Deferred Regulatory Assets           11,089    8,004
Deferred Debits - Other                 19,492   15,723
Total Deferred Debits               330,075   294,547
Total Assets                    $2,634,409 $2,568,541
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. TUCSON ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS                             December 31,
1997    1996
- Thousands of Dollars -
CAPITALIZATION AND OTHER LIABILITIES
Capitalization
Common Stock Equity                $ 216,878 $ 133,288
Capital Lease Obligations              890,257   895,867
Long-Term Debt                   1,215,120  1,223,025
Total Capitalization               2,322,255  2,252,180
Current Liabilities
Short-Term Debt                      -    3,567
Current Obligations Under Capital Leases       14,552   10,383
Current Maturities of Long-Term Debt           500    1,635
Accounts Payable                   34,909   28,806
Interest Accrued                   64,812   57,404
Taxes Accrued                     24,397   24,007
Contract Termination Fee Payable           10,000      -
Other                         19,051   15,614
Total Current Liabilities             168,221   141,416
Deferred Credits and Other Liabilities
Deferred Income Taxes - Noncurrent          77,606   96,422
Accumulated Deferred Investment Tax Credits
Regulatory Liability                 11,905   15,188
MSR Option Gain Regulatory Liability            -    7,853
Emission Allowance Gain Regulatory Liability     17,591   17,596
Other                         36,831   37,886
Total Deferred Credits and Other Liabilities    143,933   174,945
Commitments and Contingencies Note 7
Total Capitalization and Other Liabilities     $2,634,409 $2,568,541
TUCSON ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CAPITALIZATION
December 31,
1997    1996
COMMON STOCK EQUITY                 - Thousands of Dollars -
Common Stock--No Par Value  1997     1996
Shares Authorized     75,000,000  75,000,000
Shares Outstanding    32,139,434  32,138,491
Warrants Outstanding*   2,410,856  2,410,856 $ 645,261 $ 645,243
Capital Stock Expense                 6,357   6,357
Accumulated Deficit                 422,026  505,598
Total Common Stock Equity             216,878   133,288
PREFERRED STOCK
No Par Value,1,000,000 Shares Authorized,
None Outstanding                      -      CAPITAL LEASE OBLIGATIONS
Springerville Unit 1                 483,421   474,523
Springerville Coal Handling Facilities        168,959   172,424
Springerville Common Facilities            127,986   131,743
Irvington Unit 4                   121,150   122,818
Other Leases                      3,293    4,742
Total Capital Lease Obligations           904,809   906,250
Less Current Maturities               14,552  10,383
Total Long-Term Capital Lease Obligations     890,257   895,867
LONG-TERM DEBT
Interest
Issue           Maturity    Rate
- 
First Mortgage Bonds
Corporate        1999 - 2009 755% to 850%  165,000   165,000
2000     1222%    78,750   78,750
Industrial Development 2006 - 2021 610% to 750%
Revenue Bonds IDBs        and variable  164,000   248,400
Second Mortgage Bonds
Industrial Development
Revenue Bonds IDBs** 2018 - 2022 variable    428,600   50,000
Other Secured IDBs   2018 - 2022 variable       -   603,600
Unsecured IDBs      2020 - 2032 600% to 713%  379,270   47,910
Renewable Term Loan     1997   variable       -   31,000
Total Stated Principal Amount           1,215,620  1,224,660
Less Current Maturities                500   1,635
Total Long-Term Debt               1,215,120  1,223,025
Total Capitalization                $2,322,255 $2,252,180
continued on next page TUCSON ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CAPITALIZATION Continued   There are 12,054,278 Warrants outstanding to purchase common stock of
TEP. The exercise terms are 5 Warrants plus an exercise price of $16
for each share of TEP common stock. The Warrants are currently
exercisable and expire in 2002.  These IDBs outstanding at December 31, 1997 are backed by LOCs under
TEP new Credit Agreement. TEP obligations under the new Credit
Agreement are secured with Second Mortgage Bonds. See Note 5. The $50
million in Second Mortgage Bonds at December 31, 1996 reflects
security provided for LOCs under the MRA.  Interest rates on variable rate tax-exempt debt IDBs ranged from 250%
to 520% during 1997 and 1996, and averaged 370% in 1997 and 350% in
1996. Interest rates on the Renewable Term Loan ranged from 580% to
640% in 1997 and 1996, and averaged 600% in 1997 and 1996. These IDBs outstanding at December 31, 1996 were backed by LOCs under
the MRA. The MRA was secured in part by a lien on Springerville Unit 2,
title to which is held by San Carlos.  See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. TUCSON ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDER'S EQUITY DEFICIT                          Capital  Accumulated
Common   Stock   Earnings
Stock    Expense  Deficit
- Thousands of Dollars Balances at December 31, 1994     $645,479  $6,357  $681,355
1995 Net Income               -     -    54,905
10,509 Shares Purchased by Deferred
Compensation Trust            184     -      -
Balances at December 31, 1995     645,295   6,357  626,450
1996 Net Income               -     -   120,852
2,886 Shares Issued Under Stock
Option Plans                47     -      -
2,265 Shares Distributed by Deferred
Compensation Trust             33     -      -
3,881 Additional Shares Issued Under
Reverse Stock Split for Shareholders
with Fractional Shares           -     -      -
8,802 Shares Purchased by Deferred
Compensation Trust            132     -      -
Balances at December 31, 1996     645,243   6,357  505,598
1997 Net Income               -     -    83,572
6,630 Shares Issued Under Stock
Option Plans               108     -      -
3,996 Shares Distributed by Deferred
Compensation Trust             62     -      -
9,683 Shares Purchased by Deferred
Compensation Trust            152     -      -
Balances at December 31, 1997     $645,261  $6,357  $422,026
See Note 6. Dividend and Loan Restrictions for discussion of restrictions on
the ability to pay dividends.
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. UNISOURCE ENERGY, TEP AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 1. NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
- 
NATURE OF OPERATIONS
UniSource Energy Corporation UniSource Energy or the Company is an
Arizona corporation, incorporated in 1995, and an exempt holding company
under the Public Utility Holding Company Act. The Company has no significant
operations of its own, holding instead the stock of Tucson Electric Power
Company TEP and other energy related businesses. TEP, a public utility
incorporated in Arizona since 1963, is the Company largest operating
subsidiary and represents substantially all of the Company assets.
As a regulated public utility, TEP is engaged in the business of
generation, transmission, distribution and sale of electricity. TEP retail
service area encompasses 1,155 square miles in Pima and Cochise counties in
Southern Arizona. TEP also engages in sales for resale to other utilities
and other power marketing entities primarily located in Arizona, California,
Colorado, New Mexico, Oregon, Texas and Utah. Approximately 60% of TEP
work force is subject to a collective bargaining unit. The collective
bargaining agreement in place at December 31, 1997 terminates on November 30,
1998.
BASIS OF PRESENTATION
On January 1, 1998, TEP and the Company completed a statutory share
exchange, pursuant to which the outstanding common stock of TEP was exchanged
on a share-for-share basis for the common stock of the Company. The share
exchange was effected pursuant to the terms of an Agreement and Plan of
Exchange dated as of March 20, 1995 between the Company and TEP and was
approved by TEP shareholders in 1995. The formation of the holding company
was approved by the FERC and by the ACC in 1997.
Following the share exchange, in January 1998 TEP transferred the stock
of its subsidiary, MEH Corporation MEH, to UniSource Energy in exchange for
a $95 million ten-year promissory note from UniSource Energy. MEH is the
parent company of Advanced Energy Technologies, Inc., Millennium Energy
Holdings, Inc., Nations Energy Corporation and Southwest Energy Solutions,
Inc. In accordance with the ACC order authorizing the formation of the
holding company, the note bears interest at 978%.
The Company consolidated financial statements presented herein include
the financial results of operations of the Company and its wholly-owned
subsidiaries as if the Company current holding company structure had
existed in all periods shown. The transfer by TEP of the stock of its
subsidiary, MEH Corporation, and the promissory note recorded by TEP in
January 1998 are not reflected in these financial statements. For the
periods presented the Company operations and those of TEP are substantially
the same.
All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been
eliminated in consolidation. The equity method is used to account for all
investments in 50% or less owned limited liability corporations, partnerships
and joint ventures. All non-utility operating transactions are included in
Other Income Deductions in the Consolidated Statements of Income.
USE OF ESTIMATES
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the
reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
REGULATION
TEP utility accounting practices and electricity rates are subject to
regulation by the ACC and, in certain areas, by the FERC.
ACCOUNTING FOR THE EFFECTS OF REGULATION
Accounting Implications
TEP prepares its financial statements in accordance with the provisions
of FAS 71. A regulated enterprise can prepare its financial statements in
accordance with FAS 71 only if i the enterprise rates for regulated
services are established by or subject to approval by an independent third-
party regulator, ii the regulated rates are designed to recover the
enterprise costs of providing the regulated services and iii in view of
demand for the regulated services and the level of competition, it is
reasonable to assume that rates set at levels that will recover the
enterprise costs can be charged to and collected from customers. FAS 71
requires a cost-based, rate-regulated enterprise to reflect the impact of
regulatory decisions in its financial statements. In certain circumstances,
FAS 71 requires that certain costs and/or obligations such as incurred costs
not currently recovered through rates, but expected to be so recovered in the
future be reflected in a deferral account regulatory asset in the balance
sheet and not be reflected in the statement of income or loss until matching
revenues are recognized. It is TEP policy to assess the recoverability of
costs recognized as regulatory assets and the ability to continue to account
for its activities in accordance with FAS 71, based on each rate action and
the criteria set forth in FAS 71.
The Consolidated Balance Sheets contain certain amounts solely as a
result of the application of FAS 71                               December 31,
Assets Liabilities           1997  1996
- Millions of Dollars -
Income Taxes Recoverable Through Future Rates    $170  $174
Deferred Springerville Common Facility Costs      58   61
Deferred Contract Termination Fee           48    -
Deferred Springerville Unit 2 Costs          12   21
Deferred Lease Expense                 12   15
Other Deferred Regulatory Assets            11    8
MSR Option Gain Regulatory Liability          -   8
Accumulated Deferred Investment Tax Credits
Regulatory Liability                 12  15
Emission Allowance Gain Regulatory Liability     18  18
TEP recorded regulatory assets based on prior rate orders issued by the
ACC which provide a mechanism for recovery in regulated rates or historical
rate treatment which provides evidence as to the probability of future rate
recovery. The material regulatory assets listed above earn a return on
investment through inclusion in rate base and resultant recovery through
sales to retail customers.
The Consolidated Statements of Income include amounts which reflect the
application of FAS 71                           Years Ended December 31,
Income Expense           1997 1996 1995
- Millions of Dollars -
Amortization of MSR Option Gain
Regulatory Liability              $ 8 $ 20 $ 20
Amortization of Springerville Unit 2
Rate Synchronization               10 21 14
Deferred Fuel and Purchased Power          -   -  6
Amortization of Deferred Springerville Common
Facility Costs                  3  3  3
Deferred Springerville Unit 2 Carrying Costs     -   -   1
Investment Tax Credit Amortization          3   4   5
Interest Imputed on Loss MSR Option Gain
Regulatory Liability Recorded at Present Value  -  2  4
Amortization of Deferred Contract Termination Fee  2  -      If TEP had not applied the provisions of FAS 71 in these years, each of
these amounts included in the Consolidated Statements of Income would have
been reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Income or Loss in prior
periods, except for two items which would not have been recorded: 1 the
amortization of the MSR Option Gain Regulatory Liability, including interest
imputed on the loss recorded at present value; and 2 the Springerville Unit
2 carrying cost deferrals. Lease expense relating to the capital leases,
while the same over the life of the leases, would be recognized at different
annual amounts if TEP were to discontinue the application of FAS 71. See
Utility Plant Under Capital Leases below.
Potential Discontinuation of Application of FAS 71 in the Future
If at some point in the future TEP determines that all or a portion of
its regulated operations no longer meet the criteria for continued
application of FAS 71, TEP would be required to adopt the provisions of FAS
101 for that portion of the operations for which FAS 71 no longer applied.
As of the date of adoption of FAS 101, TEP would be required unless
alternative regulatory recovery mechanisms were provided to write off its
regulatory assets and liabilities and would be precluded in subsequent
periods from creating regulatory assets by deferring incurred costs expected
to be recovered through rates in the future. Based on the balances of the
regulatory assets and liabilities at December 31, 1997, TEP estimates that
future adoption of FAS 101 if applied to all of the regulated operations,
would result in an extraordinary loss of $181 million, which includes a
reduction for the related income tax benefit of $100 million. Cash flows
would not be affected by the adoption of FAS 101.
At the present time, TEP recovers the costs of its plant assets through
its regulated revenues. If in the future TEP discontinues accounting
according to the provisions of FAS 71, TEP would also need to consider
whether the markets in which it is then selling power will allow recovery of
the costs of its plant assets. If at that time market prices are not
expected to allow TEP to recover the costs of its plant assets, additional
write-downs may be required in accordance with the provisions of FAS 121.
TEP is presently unable to predict the amounts, if any, of potential future
write-downs attributable to the provisions of FAS 121 under such
circumstances.
Recent Events That May Impact TEP Application of FAS 71
In December 1996, the ACC voted to adopt rules on retail electric
competition in Arizona. However, the ACC has not yet adopted specific
guidelines for quantifying unmitigated stranded costs, including the methods
used to identify and value jurisdictional assets and obligations. In February
1998, the ACC held hearings regarding stranded costs, including, but not
limited to, comparisons of methods of computation of stranded costs and the
appropriate level of stranded costs for which recovery should be authorized.
The hearing officer is expected to issue a recommended order in the second
quarter of 1998. Following the issuance of the recommended order, the ACC
will determine, following an open meeting, whether to adopt the recommended
order in whole or in part. The Company is unable to predict whether such
order would provide guidance as to the specific stranded costs allowable as
recoverable by TEP, or whether an additional set of hearings for individual
companies would be needed to determine the amounts recoverable by TEP. In
addition, in January 1998, legislation was proposed before the Arizona
Legislature regarding the implementation of electric industry competition in
Arizona. TEP cannot predict the outcome of the proposed legislation or
whether the ACC and the Arizona Legislature will propose other initiatives on
industry restructuring. TEP, in reliance on previous rate orders, believes
that it will recover the full costs of its investments in utility plant
assets and regulatory assets. The hearing officer recommended order or the
order as finally adopted by the ACC may include language that precludes TEP
from continuing to apply FAS 71 to the generation portion of its operations.
If less than full recovery of stranded costs is provided, significant write-
offs of assets may occur relating to adoption of FAS 101 and application of
FAS 121 as described above. Approximately 65% of the regulatory assets
described above relate to the generation portion of TEP operations.
Further, in response to legislative and other measures being developed
in various states to deregulate the electric generation business, the Company
is aware that the SEC and the EITF have been reviewing the appropriateness of
electric utilities continuing to account for generation transactions in
accordance with FAS 71 in states where such deregulation is beginning to
develop. In general, the EITF concluded that utilities are no longer subject
to FAS 71 for the generation portion of their business when a deregulation
plan is in place and its terms are known. The EITF also concluded that
utilities can continue to carry previously recorded regulatory assets
including those related to generation on their balance sheets if regulators
have provided a regulated cash flow stream to recover the cost of their
assets. The application of the EITF consensus to specific factual
circumstances remains unclear. Based on the consensus issued by the EITF in
May and July 1997, at some point in the future, TEP may be unable to continue
to apply FAS 71 to the generation portion of the business, even if TEP
believes it will recover the full amount of its costs under the ACC
competition phase-in plan.
The Company and TEP are unable to predict the outcome of these matters.
TEP UTILITY PLANT
Utility Plant by major class is as follows                            December 31,
1997     1996
- Thousands of Dollars -
Utility Plant:
Production Plant                $1,045,423  $1,019,528
Transmission Plant                 471,230    464,115
Distribution Plant                 562,336    538,162
General Plant                   104,344    95,779
Intangible Plant                   9,175    10,608
Electric Plant Held for Future Use          1,642     1,013
Total Utility Plant              $2,194,150  $2,129,205
Utility plant is stated at original cost. In accordance with the
Uniform System of Accounts prescribed by the FERC and accepted by the ACC,
TEP capitalizes an Allowance for Funds Used During Construction AFDC based
on the cost of borrowed funds and a reasonable rate upon equity funds used to
finance CWIP, when recovery of such costs from ratepayers is probable. The
component of AFDC attributable to borrowed funds is presented as a reduction
of Interest Expense. For 1995 the Consolidated Statement of Income did not
reflect AFDC - Equity as all construction expenditures were deemed under FERC
prescribed rules to be financed with debt. In 1995, a gross AFDC rate of
559% was used for all CWIP. In 1997 and 1996 the gross AFDC rates for
equity were 118% and 033% and gross AFDC rates for debt were 437% and
391%, respectively.
Depreciation is computed on a straight-line basis at component rates
which are based on the economic lives of the assets. These component rates,
which are authorized by the ACC, averaged 344%, 356% and 379% in 1997,
1996 and 1995, respectively. The economic lives for production plant are
based on remaining lives. The economic lives for transmission plant,
distribution plant, general plant and intangible plant are based on average
lives. The component rates also reflect estimated removal costs, net of
estimated salvage value. Minor replacements and repairs are expensed as
incurred. Retirements of utility plant, together with removal costs less
salvage, are charged to accumulated depreciation.
TEP UTILITY PLANT UNDER CAPITAL LEASES
TEP leases of the Springerville Common Facilities, Springerville Unit
1, Springerville Coal Handling Facilities and Irvington Unit 4 are classified
as capital leases in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. For rate making
purposes, the ACC treats these leases as operating leases and has allowed for
recovery of the lease costs by straight-line amortization of the total amount
of lease rent payments over the primary term of the leases, except for the
Springerville Coal Handling Facilities Leases. The Springerville Coal
Handling Facilities Leases are being amortized on a straight-line basis over
the primary term of the leases plus the first optional renewal period of six
years to reflect the recovery period mandated by the ACC. As a result of the
ACC mandate and application of FAS 71, the amortization of such costs is not
the primary term of the lease in accordance with GAAP. Interest and
depreciation relating to the leases are recorded as expense on a basis which
reflects the regulatory straight-line treatment. The amount of lease
amortization incurred for the four above-described leases, as well as TEP
remaining leases are set forth in the following table                       Years Ended December 31,
1997   1996   1995
- Millions of Dollars -
Lease Amortization:
Interest                  $ 95   $ 95   $ 97
Depreciation                 17    15    14
Total Lease Amortization         $112   $110   $111
Lease Amortization Included In:
Operating Expenses - Fuel and
Purchased Power              $ 10   $ 9   $ 10
Operating Expenses - Capital Lease Expense 104   104    105
Balance Sheet - Deferred Lease Expense    2   3    4
Total Lease Amortization         $112   $110   $111
The Deferred Lease Expense of $12 million and $15 million at December
31, 1997 and 1996, respectively, reflects: 1 the cumulative difference
between the straight-line method of amortizing the leases for regulatory
purposes and capital lease amortization as promulgated by GAAP; and 2 the
balance of the deferred costs described under Fuel below.
SPRINGERVILLE UNIT 1 ALLOWANCE
In the 1989 Rate Order the ACC limited TEP recovery through retail
rates of non-fuel expenses of Springerville Unit 1 to a rate of only $15 per
kW per month based on a 360 MW capacity rating. Such costs averaged
approximately $22 per kW per month during the period 1995 through 1997. In
1990 and 1992, TEP recorded losses and a Springerville Unit 1 Allowance,
equal to the present value of the excess of TEP costs estimated to be
incurred through 2014, the end of the primary term of the lease, over $15 per
kW per month using a discount rate of 13%.
The balance sheet contra asset Springerville Unit 1 Allowance increases
each year by the accrual of interest and decreases by the amount which is
amortized to income as a contra-expense, Amortization of Springerville Unit 1
Allowance. In 1997, 1996 and 1995, the accrual of such interest was $324
million, $303 million and $282 million, respectively, and the amount
amortized was $280 million, $291 million and $284 million, respectively.
The imputed interest expense associated with this liability, calculated using
a 13% discount rate, is included as part of Interest Imputed on Losses
Recorded at Present Value in the Interest Expense section in the Consolidated
Statements of Income.
DEFERRED SPRINGERVILLE COMMON FACILITY COSTS
Deferred Springerville Common Facility Costs are lease costs and
operating costs that TEP incurred for the Springerville Common Facilities
during the period after Springerville Unit 1 was placed in service and before
Springerville Unit 2 was placed in service. Pursuant to an accounting order
from the ACC, these costs were deferred and are being amortized, as
depreciation, over the primary term of the Springerville Common Facilities
Leases. The ACC has allowed for the recovery of the deferred costs plus a
return on investment in such deferred costs.
UTILITY OPERATING REVENUES
Operating Revenues include accruals for unbilled revenues, thereby
recognizing revenue that is earned, but not billed, at the end of an
accounting period.
MSR OPTION GAIN REGULATORY LIABILITY
In the 1989 Rate Order the ACC allocated to retail customers a portion
of the price paid to TEP upon the 1982 sale of an option to purchase a 288%
interest in San Juan Unit 4, asserting that such option was related to an
interconnection agreement which TEP also entered into with MSR at that time.
The ACC ordered TEP to recognize the MSR Option Gain by amortizing amounts to
operating revenue through May 1997. Therefore, in 1990, TEP recorded a loss
and the MSR Option Gain Regulatory Liability, equal to the present value of
the amount to be amortized to operating revenues through May 1997, calculated
using a 13% discount rate. The MSR Option Gain Regulatory Liability
increased each year by the accrual of interest and decreased by the amount
which was amortized to operating revenues. In 1997, 1996 and 1995, the
accrual of such interest was $03 million, $23 million and $44 million,
respectively, and the amount amortized was $81 million in 1997 and $201
million in 1996 and 1995. The imputed interest expense associated with this
liability, calculated using a 13% discount rate, is included as part of
Interest Imputed on Losses Recorded at Present Value in the Interest Expense
section in the Consolidated Statements of Income.
FUEL COSTS
Fuel inventory, primarily coal, is stated on a basis which approximates
weighted average cost. TEP uses full absorption costing.
Certain lease and interest costs related to the Springerville Coal
Handling Facilities are accounted for as deferred costs. These costs are
being amortized to fuel expense on a straight-line basis through the year
2030 pursuant to the 1994 Rate Order.
INCOME TAXES
The Income Taxes Recoverable Through Future Rates regulatory asset
consists primarily of the right to recover income taxes relating to
previously flowed-through differences, both timing and permanent, which
provided rate benefits to past ratepayers.
Reductions in federal income taxes resulting from ITC relating to
utility operations have been deferred. As authorized by the ACC, these
amounts are amortized over the tax lives of the related property. The income
tax benefits reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the years
1997, 1996 and 1995 are primarily a result of the recognition of a portion of
the Company net operating loss carryforwards, as well as ITC amortization.
See Note 3.
Income taxes are allocated to the subsidiaries based on contributions to
the consolidated tax return liability.
EMISSION ALLOWANCES
Purchased Emission Allowances are recorded in a noncurrent inventory
account included in Investments and Other Property on the Consolidated
Balance Sheets. Emission Allowance inventory is recorded using the weighted
average cost method. Gains on sales of Emission Allowances are deferred as
Emission Allowance Gain Regulatory Liability in the Consolidated Balance
Sheets and will be amortized as income in 2000 - 2024, the period TEP expects
to use the Emission Allowance inventory to meet EPA regulations. The
amortization reflects the expected regulatory treatment for the gains.  FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
The carrying value and fair value of the financial instruments are as
follows                         December 31,
1997          1996
Carrying  Fair    Carrying    Fair
Value   Value    Value    Value
- Thousands of Dollars -
Assets:
Debt Securities Included
in Investments and Other
Property           17,781   19,911   17,748   18,267
Liabilities:
Short-Term Debt           -      -   3,567   3,567
First Mortgage Bonds:
Corporate          243,750   255,928   243,750   252,443
IDBs
Variable Rate       100,000   100,000   151,400   151,400
Fixed Rate         64,000   64,000   97,000   95,573
Second Mortgage Bonds:
IDBs Variable Rate     428,600   428,600   50,000   50,000
Other Secured IDBs Variable
Rate               -      -   603,600   603,600
Unsecured IDBs         379,270   413,694   47,910   47,670
Renewable Term Loan
Variable Rate          -      -   31,000   31,000
TEP intends to hold the investment in Debt Securities to maturity
January 1, 2013. Such Debt Securities are stated at amortized cost,
adjusted for the amortization of the discount to maturity, and the fair value
is based on current transactions for the same or similar debt. The carrying
amount of Short-Term Debt at December 31, 1996 was considered to be a
reasonable estimate of the fair value because of its short maturity.
The principal amounts of variable rate debt outstanding at December 31,
1997 and 1996 are considered reasonable estimates of their fair value as
these are variable interest rate liabilities. The fair value of TEP fixed
rate obligations including the Corporate First Mortgage Bonds, the First
Mortgage Bonds-IDBs fixed rate and the Unsecured IDBs was determined by
calculating the present value of the cash flows of each fixed rate
obligation. The discount rate used for each calculation was a rate
consistent with market yields generally available as of December 1997 for
1997 amounts and December 1996 for 1996 amounts for bonds with similar
characteristics with respect to: credit rating, time-to-maturity, and the
tax status of the bond coupon for Federal income tax purposes. The use of
different market assumptions and/or estimation methodologies may yield
different estimated fair value amounts.
RECLASSIFICATION
Minor reclassifications have been made to the prior year financial
statements presented to conform to the current year presentation.
NOTE 2. RATE MATTERS
-  SHARED SAVINGS PROPOSAL
On July 9, 1997, TEP filed with the ACC a request for an annual rate
reduction of $68 million or 11% for retail customers. This filing is in
the form of a Shared Savings Proposal SSP which promotes a sharing of
benefits with customers of cost containment efforts and the mitigation of
potential stranded costs associated with the introduction of retail electric
competition in Arizona. The cost containment savings were realized primarily
from renegotiated fuel contracts and the Voluntary Severance Program, which
reduced TEP workforce by approximately 15% see Note 9. No date has been
set for formal consideration of the matter by the ACC.
TEP proposed that additional savings be used to mitigate potential
stranded costs through accelerated amortization of retail excess capacity
deferrals. Retail excess capacity deferrals represent those operating and
capital costs associated with Springerville Unit 2 capacity, which were
deemed by the ACC to not be recoverable in retail rates prior to the 1994 and
1996 Rate Orders. Such retail excess capacity deferrals totaled $887
million and $936 million at December 31, 1997 and 1996, respectively. Such
deferrals are not reflected in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets
because such retail excess capacity deferrals, while deferred for regulatory
purposes, were not deferred for financial reporting purposes but were
expensed as incurred. The proposed $72 million after tax increase in
annual amortization expense for such excess capacity deferrals would decrease
the amortization period from 20 years to 56 years as of December 1996. The
proposed increase in amortization expense would be reflected in TEP
regulatory accounting records but would have no impact on the expenses
included in TEP financial accounting statements.
SPRINGERVILLE COAL CONTRACT TERMINATION FEE
On June 27, 1997, TEP signed an agreement with the coal supplier for the
Springerville Generating Station to terminate the existing coal supply
contract and enter into a new, more cost effective contract with the same
supplier see Note 7. A $50 million termination fee was incurred by TEP and
payable in three installments: $30 million paid on June 30, 1997; $10
million paid on September 30, 1997; and $10 million due March 31, 1998.
TEP applied, as part of the SSP, to the ACC requesting that the
termination fee be recorded as a regulatory asset and amortized to fuel
expense over the 13-year term of the new agreement. On July 29, 1997, the
ACC issued an interim accounting order allowing TEP to defer the $50 million
termination fee as a regulatory asset in the Consolidated Balance Sheet until
the ACC decides whether the $50 million termination fee should be recovered
through retail rates. The interim accounting order also allowed TEP to begin
amortizing the termination fee to fuel expense. If the ACC ultimately
disallows recovery, the unamortized portion of the $50 million termination
fee would immediately be expensed. No date has been set for formal
consideration of the matter by the ACC.
1996 RATE ORDER
On March 29, 1996, the ACC authorized a 11%, or $64 million, increase
in TEP base rates effective March 31, 1996. Pursuant to the 1996 Rate
Order, TEP agreed to not seek an increase in base rates before January 1,
2000, subject to conditions specified in such order.
Prior to the 1996 Rate Order, TEP was not recovering through retail
rates 375% of the deferred Springerville Unit 2 rate synchronization costs
which were non-fuel costs of Springerville Unit 2 incurred from January 1,
1991 through October 14, 1991. Beginning March 31, 1996, these costs are
being amortized over a three-year period in accordance with the 1996 Rate
Order. These costs are reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as
Deferred Springerville Unit 2 Costs. In addition, the 625% of the deferred
Springerville Unit 2 rate synchronization costs that TEP was recovering
through rates pursuant to the 1994 rate order were fully amortized during
1996. The total amortization of the above costs included in Depreciation and
Amortization on the Consolidated Statements of Income in 1997, 1996 and 1995
amounted to $96 million, $211 million and $141 million, respectively. NOTE 3. INCOME TAXES
-    Deferred tax assets liabilities are comprised of the following:
December 31,
1997     1996
- Thousands of Dollars -
Gross Deferred Income Tax Liabilities:
Electric Plant - Net            $568,365  $568,781
Income Taxes Recoverable Through
Future Rates - Regulatory Asset      68,680   70,173
Deferred Inventory Costs           21,048   21,371
Deferred Lease Payments           13,273   13,916
Property Taxes                9,450    9,970
Deferred Springerville Unit 2 Costs      4,681    8,584
Other                    12,075    9,829
Gross Deferred Income Tax Liability    697,572   702,624
Gross Deferred Income Tax Assets:
Capital Lease Obligations          364,445    365,935
Tax Operating Loss Carryforwards       141,048    163,046
Springerville Unit 1 Disallowed Costs     67,760    65,974
Investment Tax Credit Carryforwards      26,396    26,396
Lease Interest Payable            18,424    17,328
Regulatory Deferred Capital Lease Expense   17,163    16,018
Sales Tax Assessments Not Yet
Deductible for Tax Purposes         14,406    13,974
Investment in Loans and Property        3,522    10,276
Financial Restructuring Costs Not Yet
Deductible for Tax Purposes          7,568     7,782
Deferred Gain on Emission Allowances      6,926     6,923
Capital Loss Carryforwards           4,520     4,634
Alternative Minimum Tax            5,594     4,544
Gain on Financial Restructuring of
Long-Term Debt                3,207     4,289
MSR Option Gain Regulatory Liability        -     3,171
Other                     21,831    17,204
Gross Deferred Income Tax Asset       702,810    727,494
Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance   67,934   111,069
Net Deferred Income Tax Liability    $ 62,696  $ 86,199
The decreases of approximately $43 million and $120 million in the
deferred tax assets valuation allowance in 1997 and 1996, respectively, are
primarily due to revisions in the estimated amount of prior period NOLs that
the Company and TEP believe are likely to reduce future taxable income. The
utilization of NOL carryforwards also contributed to the 1997 and 1996
decreases. Additionally, expiring state NOL carryforwards, utilization of
capital loss carryforwards, and a change in the effective tax rate used to
record NOL carryforwards contributed to the 1996 decrease.
The Company and TEP recognize benefits related to prior period NOLs
based on changes in the estimated amount of prior period NOLs that, in the
Company and TEP judgment, are more likely than not to be realized in the
future. A significant factor, among others, considered in estimating such
amount is the average annual book income before taxes for the prior three
years. Prior to 1995, the Company and TEP had provided a deferred tax assets
valuation allowance against all the NOL carryforwards, investment tax credit
carryforwards and capital loss carryforwards due to the uncertainty of their
future use. Because the results from operations have been steadily
improving, the amount the Company and TEP believe is likely to reduce future
taxable income has increased. Accordingly, the Company and TEP recognized in
1997, 1996 and 1995 income tax benefits of $43 million, $89 million and $23
million, respectively, related to the current and expected future utilization
of federal and state NOL carryforwards. These benefits are included in
Income Taxes in Other Income Deductions in the Consolidated Statements of
Income. In future periods when such NOLs are used on tax returns, the income
tax expense shown on the Consolidated Statements of Income will not be
reduced to reflect such utilization.
At December 31, 1997, on a cumulative basis the Company and TEP had
recognized in their income statements the amount of the prior period NOL
benefit that the Company and TEP expect to utilize on future income tax
returns. Additional amounts of prior period NOL benefit which may be
recognized in the future in the income statement are at present indeterminate
due to the interplay of open tax years for which assessments may be made and
varying expiration dates of federal and state NOL carryforwards.
The net deferred income tax liability is included in the Consolidated
Balance Sheets in the following accounts                          December 31,
1997     1996
- Thousands of Dollars Deferred Income Taxes - Current       $ 14,910   $ 10,223
Deferred Income Taxes - Noncurrent       77,606   96,422
Net Deferred Income Tax Liability    $ 62,696  $ 86,199
The benefit for income taxes included in the Consolidated Statements of
Income consists of the following:
Years Ended December 31,
1997    1996    1995
- Thousands of Dollars Operating Expenses:
Deferred Tax Expense
Federal                 $ 15,262 $  7,836 $  7,803
State                    4,045   2,019   1,200
Total                   19,307   9,855   9,003
Investment Tax Credit Amortization       10    60    83
Total Expense Included in
Operating Expenses             19,297   9,795   8,920
Other Income Deductions:
Deferred Tax Expense
Federal                   4,250    777   1,065
State                    1,065    266    164
Total                   5,315   1,043   1,229
Reduction in Valuation
Allowance - Benefit            43,443  88,638  23,282
Investment Tax Credit Amortization     3,273  4,355  4,683
Other                      -     -   2,620
Total Benefit Included in Other
Income Deductions            41,401  91,950  29,356
Total Benefit for Federal and State
Income Taxes             $ 22,104 $ 82,155 $ 20,436
The differences between income tax benefit and the amount obtained by
multiplying income before income taxes by the U.S. statutory federal income
tax rate are as follows:
Years Ended December 31,
1997    1996    1995
- Thousands of Dollars -
Federal Income Tax Expense
at Statutory Rate             $ 21,514 $ 13,544 $ 12,064
State Income Tax Expense, Net of
Federal Deduction              3,314   2,081   1,364
Investment Tax Credit Amortization     3,283  4,415  4,766
Reduction in Valuation Allowance - Benefit 43,443  88,638  23,282
Net Operating Loss Carryforwards         -     -   5,122
Capital Loss Carryforwards            -   5,616  1,045
Other                     206    889    351
Total Benefit for Federal and
State Income Taxes          $ 22,104 $ 82,155 $ 20,436
At December 31, 1997, the Company and TEP had, for federal income tax
purposes, approximately $437 million of NOL carryforwards expiring in 2005
through 2009; $26 million of alternative minimum tax AMT loss carryforwards
expiring in 2008; $26 million of unused ITC, the use of which will expire
during 2002 through 2005; $11 million of capital loss carryforwards which
expire in 1999; and $6 million of AMT credit which will carry forward to
future years. For state income tax purposes, the Company and TEP had
approximately $29 million of NOL carryforwards expiring in 1998 and 1999.
Due to the Financial Restructuring, the Company and TEP experienced a
change in ownership under section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code in
December 1991. As a result, the amount of taxable income for any post-change
year which may be offset by pre-change NOL will be limited to the section 382
limitation. The section 382 limitation is based on the value of the Company
and TEP on the ownership change date. The Company and TEP estimate an annual
section 382 limit of approximately $23 million. The total section 382
limitation may be increased to the extent of gains recognized on sales of
assets whose fair market value was greater than the tax basis at the
ownership change date, the built-in-gain. The section 382 limitation may
increase by built-in-gain recognized within a period of five years after the
change in ownership. During 1992 through 1996, the section 382 limitation
increased by approximately $102 million of built-in-gain recognized due to
asset sales. Unused section 382 limitation may be carried forward until the
pre-change tax attributes expire. At December 31, 1997, the Company and TEP
had pre-change federal NOL and ITC carryforwards of approximately $281
million and $26 million, respectively. Such amounts are included in the
amounts disclosed in the preceding paragraph.
See Income Tax Assessments in Note 7.
NOTE 4. CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES
- 
On January 1, 1998, TEP transferred the stock of its subsidiary, MEH, to
UniSource Energy in exchange for a $95 million promissory note from UniSource
Energy. See Note 1. The net losses for 1997, 1996 and 1995 of the
subsidiaries which comprise MEH were $5 million, $2 million and $1 million,
respectively.
MEH SUBSIDIARIES
Nations Energy Corporation
In 1995 the Company established Nations Energy, a wholly-owned
subsidiary of MEH, for the purpose of developing and investing in independent
power projects in global energy markets. In September 1995, Nations Energy
and Trigen Energy Corporation formed a limited partnership and purchased
Coors Brewing Company energy production utility assets. Nations Energy
has a 49% interest in such partnership. The partnership provides electricity
and steam for the brewery operation in Golden, Colorado. The investment of
approximately $12 million by Nations Energy is included in the Consolidated
Balance Sheets under Investments and Other Property at December 31, 1997 and
1996 and in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended
December 31, 1995 as Investments in and Loans to Joint Ventures.
Advanced Energy Technologies, Inc.
In May 1996, Advanced Energy, a wholly-owned subsidiary of MEH, and ITN
Energy Systems formed Global Solar Energy, L.L.C. for the purpose of
developing and manufacturing photovoltaic materials. Advanced Energy has a
50% interest in Global Solar. The $5 million investment in Global Solar is
included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 1997 and 1996
under Investments and Other Property and in the Consolidated Statement of
Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 1996 as Investments in and Loans
to Joint Ventures.
Millennium Energy Holdings, Inc.
Effective September 1, 1997, Millennium, a wholly-owned subsidiary of
MEH, exercised an option to acquire a 50% ownership in New Energy Ventures,
L.L.C. NEV. NEV was organized in 1995 for the purpose of acting as a
buyer agent in procuring electric energy, performing energy services,
engaging in power marketing and trading and other energy related activities.
Concurrently with the exercise of the option, Millennium made a capital
contribution in the amount of $08 million and extended a $30 million member
loan to NEV. The investment in NEV is included in the Consolidated Balance
Sheet at December 31, 1997 under Investments and Other Property and in the
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 1997 as
Investments in and Loans to Joint Ventures.
In December 1997, Millennium committed to provide NEV with $20 million
of funding. At NEV option, the funding can be in the form of additional
equity, preferred equity, or it can be partially satisfied with $10 million
in loans from Millennium, or a combination thereof. Based on formulas in the
funding agreement, funding of additional equity would increase Millennium
financial interest percentage in NEV but not its 50% voting interest.
Pursuant to the funding agreement, at December 31, 1997, Millennium had
extended $1 million in loans to NEV. Millennium extended an additional $3
million in loans to NEV in February 1998.
TEP SUBSIDIARIES
In July 1996, Brookland satisfied approximately $85 million of short-
term debt obligations with the assignment of certain finance receivables.
Upon settlement, a provision for loss recorded against such receivables in
prior years was reversed, resulting in income of approximately $85 million.
Upon dissolution of certain subsidiaries which formed a part of TEP
former investment operations, in June 1997, TEP reversed a provision for
loss, recorded in prior years, resulting in income of approximately $102
million.
NOTE 5. LONG AND SHORT-TERM DEBT AND CAPITAL LEASE OBLIGATIONS
- 
LONG-TERM DEBT
TEP Sale of Bonds
In April 1997, the City of Farmington, New Mexico issued $804 million
of Pollution Control Revenue Bonds for the benefit of TEP. The net proceeds
made available to TEP were used in June 1997 to redeem $479 million
principal amount of previously issued 625% bonds that would have matured in
2003 and $325 million principal amount of previously issued 610% bonds that
would have matured in 2007. The new bonds, which are unsecured, bear
interest at 695% and mature in 2020. In addition to extending maturities,
this transaction eliminated sinking fund requirements under the previously
issued bonds and resulted in the retirement of $325 million in
collateralizing First Mortgage Bonds.
In April 1997, the Coconino County, Arizona Pollution Control
Corporation issued $367 million of Pollution Control Revenue Bonds for the
benefit of TEP. The net proceeds loaned to TEP were used, in part, to
redeem, in June 1997, $167 million principal amount of previously issued
variable rate bonds that would have matured in 2031 and the remaining portion
is being used to fund $20 million of construction costs of additional
pollution abatement facilities at Navajo Generating Station. The new bonds,
which are unsecured, bear interest at 713% and mature in 2032. The $167
million of previously issued bonds redeemed in this transaction were backed
by a letter of credit expiring in April 1999, which was collateralized by
$183 million aggregate principal amount of First Mortgage Bonds.
In April 1997, the Coconino County, Arizona Pollution Control
Corporation issued $147 million of Pollution Control Revenue Bonds for the
benefit of TEP. The net proceeds loaned to TEP were used in June 1997 to
redeem $147 million principal amount of previously issued variable rate
bonds that would have matured in 2031. The new bonds, which are unsecured,
bear interest at 700% and mature in 2032. The $147 million of previously
issued bonds redeemed in this transaction were backed by a letter of credit
expiring in April 1999, which was collateralized by $161 million aggregate
principal amount of First Mortgage Bonds.
In October 1997, the Industrial Development Authority of the County of
Pima, Arizona issued $2475 million of Industrial Development Revenue Bonds
for the benefit of TEP. The net proceeds loaned to TEP were used in November
1997 to redeem $245 million principal amount of previously issued variable
rate bonds that would have matured between 2018 and 2025 and to finance
improvements to TEP lower voltage electric transmission and distribution
system in Pima County, Arizona. The new bonds, which are unsecured, were
sold in three series: Series A $225 million bears interest at 610% and
matures in 2025; Series B $150 million and Series C $75 million bear
interest at 600% and mature in 2029. The previously issued bonds redeemed
in this transaction were backed by letters of credit expiring between 2000
and 2002. One of these letters of credit was collateralized by $207 million
aggregate principal amount of First Mortgage Bonds.
TEP Bank Credit Agreements
In February 1997, TEP repaid the outstanding Renewable Term Loan balance
of $31 million under the MRA. In December 1997, the MRA was replaced with a
new bank Credit Agreement. Upon termination of the MRA, a release of lien
was obtained for Springerville Unit 2, title to which is held by San Carlos.
Second Mortgage Bonds $50 million aggregate principal amount held as
collateral under the MRA were also returned to TEP.
In December 1997, TEP entered into a new $544 million bank Credit
Agreement to replace the credit facilities provided under the MRA. The new
Credit Agreement consists of a $100 million Revolving Credit Facility for
general corporate purposes and a $444 million Letter of Credit Facility to
support $4286 million aggregate principal amount of tax-exempt variable rate
debt obligations. The facilities mature on December 30, 2002 and are secured
by $544 million aggregate principal amount of Second Mortgage Bonds. The
Credit Agreement contains certain financial covenants, including interest
coverage, leverage and net worth tests.  As of December 31, 1997, TEP was
in compliance with such covenants.
Borrowings, if any, under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at
a variable rate consisting of a spread over a base rate based upon a pricing
grid tied to the credit rating then in effect on TEP senior secured debt.
The annual commitment fee payable on the unused portion of the Revolving
Credit Facility, as well as the fee payable on the Letter of Credit Facility,
are also determined based on TEP credit ratings. At December 31, 1997, the
commitment fee equaled 038% per annum, and the letter of credit fee equaled
163% per annum. TEP had no borrowings outstanding under the Revolving
Credit Facility at December 31, 1997.
TEP FIRST AND SECOND MORTGAGE
TEP utility plant, with the exception of Springerville Unit 2 title
to which is held by San Carlos, is subject to the lien of the General First
Mortgage and the General Second Mortgage.
TEP Letters of Credit
At December 31, 1997, TEP had $5286 million principal amount of
variable rate tax-exempt IDBs outstanding. Payment of principal and interest
on these bonds is secured by LOCs. A LOC supporting $100 million principal
amount of bonds will expire on December 31, 1999. The remaining LOCs, all of
which were issued under the new Credit Agreement, expire on December 30,
2002. The weighted average commitment fee on the LOCs is approximately 156%
through 1998, increasing to 161% in 1999 and 175% in 2000.
TEP CAPITAL LEASE OBLIGATIONS
The Irvington Lease has an initial term to January 2011 and provides for
renewal periods of two or more years through 2020. The Springerville Common
Facilities Leases have an initial term to 2017 for one owner participant and
2021 for the other two owner participants, subject to optional renewal
periods of two or more years through 2025. The Springerville Unit 1 Leases
have an initial term to January 2015 and provide for renewal periods of three
or more years through 2030. The Springerville Coal Handling Facilities
Leases have an initial term to April 2015 and provide for an initial renewal
period of six years, then additional renewal periods of five or more years
through 2035.
TEP MATURITIES AND SINKING FUND REQUIREMENTS
A schedule by years of the aggregate amount of maturities and sinking
fund requirements for TEP long-term borrowings as of December 31, 1997
follows              Expiring Scheduled
LOCs  Long-Term
Supporting  Debt  Capital Lease
IDBs  Retirements Obligations   Total
Years Ending
December 31,          - Thousands of Dollars -
1998            $  500 $  97,200  $  97,700
1999       $100,000  16,725   120,815   237,540
2000           -  80,475   164,121   244,596
2001           -  26,725   101,781   128,506
2002        428,600  26,725    89,301   544,626
Total 1998 - 2002 528,600  151,150   573,218  1,252,968
Thereafter        -  535,870  1,541,164  2,077,034
Imputed Interest     -     -  1,209,573 1,209,573
Total       $528,600 $687,020  $ 904,809  $2,120,429
TEP expects to refinance the LOCs supporting IDBs at expiration. The
above schedule does not include sinking fund requirements for certain First
Mortgage Bonds of approximately $14 million for each of the next five years.
TEP expects to satisfy these sinking fund requirements with pledges of
additional property of approximately $23 million each year.
SHORT-TERM DEBT
Upon dissolution of certain subsidiaries which formed a part of TEP
former investment operations, in June 1997, TEP eliminated the $4 million of
short-term debt outstanding at December 31, 1996.
NOTE 6. DIVIDEND AND LOAN RESTRICTIONS
- 
RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS - DIVIDENDS
UniSource Energy
The Company ability to pay dividends is dependent upon cash flow from
its subsidiaries, TEP and MEH. TEP comprises substantially all of UniSource
Energy assets. TEP is currently precluded by restrictive covenants in
certain debt agreements from declaring or paying dividends. No dividend on
common stock has been declared or paid by TEP since 1989. Until such time as
TEP is able to pay dividends to UniSource Energy, it is unlikely that
UniSource Energy would declare and pay dividends to holders of its Common
Stock.
TEP
So long as certain series of First Mortgage Bonds aggregating $184
million in principal amount are outstanding, the payment of dividends on TEP
common stock is prohibited if certain cash flow coverage and retained
earnings tests are not met. The cash flow coverage test would prevent TEP
from paying dividends on its common stock until such time as its cash flow
coverage ratio, as defined therein, is greater or equal to a ratio of 2 to 1,
and the retained earnings test would permit dividend payments so long as TEP
has positive retained earnings. As of December 31, 1997, TEP had a cash flow
coverage ratio in excess of 3 to 1 but did not meet the retained earnings
test as the accumulated deficit was $422 million. Such covenants will remain
in effect until the First Mortgage Bonds of such series have been paid or
redeemed. The latest maturity of such First Mortgage Bonds is in 2003. In
order for TEP to pay a dividend before such maturity date, TEP would need to
have positive retained earnings or redeem all outstanding First Mortgage
Bonds of each series that contain such covenants or amend the supplemental
mortgage indentures pertaining to such series of First Mortgage Bonds. Such
an amendment would require approval by holders of 75% of all First Mortgage
Bonds.
TEP bank Credit Agreement allows for the payment of dividends so long
as TEP maintains compliance with the agreement and meets its financial
covenants, including a covenant which requires TEP to maintain a minimum
level of net worth. As of December 31, 1997, TEP was in compliance with the
terms of the Credit Agreement.
Pursuant to the ACC Holding Company Order, until such time as TEP
equity ratio equals 375% of total capital excluding capital lease
obligations, TEP may not pay dividends to UniSource Energy in excess of 75%
of its earnings. As of December 31, 1997, TEP equity ratio was 15% on that
basis.
In addition to such restrictive covenants, the Federal Power Act states
that dividends shall not be paid out of funds properly included in the
capital account. It is unclear whether such provisions of the Federal Power
Act restrict TEP from paying dividends.
RESTRICTIONS ON TEP'S ABILITY TO MAKE LOANS AND ADVANCES
Under the ACC Affiliated Interest Rules, TEP needs prior ACC approval to
make loans to affiliates for longer than one year or greater than $100,000.
The ACC Holding Company Order contained numerous other continuing
requirements. One of the requirements is that affiliates must pay for
services received from TEP on the same terms offered to non-affiliates.
NOTE 7. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
- 
UTILITY CONTRACTUAL MATTERS
Fuel Purchase Commitments
TEP has contracts to purchase coal for use at the Springerville and
Irvington Generating Stations and at the joint projects in which TEP
participates. On June 27, 1997, TEP terminated the existing coal supply
contract for the Springerville Generating Station and entered into a new,
more cost effective contract with the same supplier see Note 2. The
previous coal supply contract covered the useful lives of Springerville Units
1 and 2 and contained a bilateral option to renegotiate the contract price
and escalation procedures in 2009 and every five years thereafter. The new
coal contract has an initial term of 13 years, beginning July 1, 1997, with
an option to extend ten years thereafter. The new contract also contains
more favorable terms to TEP for certain volume, incremental volume, base
price, incremental price and price adjustment mechanism requirements.
The Irvington contract terminates on the earlier of 2015 or the
remaining useful life of the coal-fired unit, and includes an adjustment
clause that will affect the future cost of coal delivered. The Springerville
and Irvington contracts, in the aggregate, require TEP to take 21 million
tons of coal per year at an estimated annual cost of $62 million from 1998 to
2009.
TEP contracts to purchase coal for use at the joint projects in which
TEP participates expire at various dates from 2005 to 2017 and, in the
aggregate, require TEP to take 15 million tons of coal per year at an
estimated annual cost of $45 million from 1998 to 2005.
TEP contracts to purchase coal for use at Springerville, Irvington and
each of the joint projects in which TEP participates contain various
provisions calling for the payment of a take-or-pay amount, if certain
minimum quantities of coal are not scheduled and delivered. TEP present
fuel requirements are generally in excess of the stated take-or-pay minimum
amounts; however, from time to time, TEP has purchased spot market
alternative fuels or switched fuel burn from one generating station to
another in order to achieve lower overall fuel costs, while incurring take-or-
pay minimum charges. For Irvington, TEP entered into an agreement with an
alternate coal supplier for 1996 resulting in a $44 million take-or-pay
charge but reducing coal costs overall at Irvington. TEP incurred no take-or-
pay charges in 1997 or 1995.
Coal and Transportation Contracts - Reversal of Accrued Liabilities
In 1991 amendments to the contracts with the Springerville coal
supplier, the Irvington coal supplier and the Springerville rail
transportation supplier were entered into which, among other things,
contained provisions which protected the claims of the suppliers under the
original agreements in the event TEP did not perform its obligations under
the terms of the amended agreements during the subsequent four year period.
In 1995, TEP satisfied all of the conditions of the amended contracts and,
consequently, reversed $122 million of accrued liabilities. The reversal of
the accrued liabilities reduced Fuel and Purchased Power expense by $122
million in 1995.
COMMITMENTS - ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATION
In the fall of 1990, Congress adopted certain Federal Clean Air Act
Amendments CAAA with respect to facility permitting and to reductions in
sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxide emissions which will affect TEP
operations. The required reductions of sulfur dioxide emissions will be
implemented in two phases which are effective in 1995 and 2000, respectively.
TEP is not affected by the requirements for sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxide
emissions which went into effect in 1995 Phase I, but is subject to the
requirements that go into effect January 1, 2000 Phase II. All of TEP
generating facilities except internal combustion turbines are subject to
the Phase II sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxide requirements. The estimated
cost of compliance with these requirements is approximately $2 million,
scheduled to be incurred between 1998 and 2000.
In 1993 affected TEP generating units were allocated sulfur dioxide
Emission Allowances based on past operational history. Beginning in the year
2000, Phase II generating station units must hold Emission Allowances by
January 30 of the year following the compliance year equal to the level of
emissions in the compliance year, or face penalties and a requirement to
offset excess emissions in future years. An analysis of the Emission
Allowances that were allocated to TEP shows that TEP may not have sufficient
allowances to permit normal plant operation and be in compliance with the
sulfur dioxide regulations once the Phase II requirements become effective
due to the increase in the rated capacity at Springerville. To the extent
that TEP does not have sufficient allowances, due to increased energy output
at Springerville or other factors, TEP would have to purchase additional
Emission Allowances. Based upon current estimates of additional required
Emission Allowances and the current market price of such allowances, TEP
believes that it will be able to acquire additional required allowances and
that such purchases will not have a material effect on TEP.
Title V of the CAAA requires that more complex air quality permits be
applied  for  and  obtained for all of TEP generating  facilities.
Applications have been filed for all such facilities and TEP does not
anticipate any material problems in obtaining the required permits.  TEP is
required to pay an annual emission-based fee with respect to each generating
facility subject to a Title V permit. The annual emission-based fee paid in
1995, 1996 and 1997 was less than $1 million.
The CAAA also require multi-year studies of visibility impairment in
specified areas and studies of hazardous air pollutants which relate to the
necessity of future regulations of electric utility generating units. Since
these activities involve the gathering of information not currently
available, TEP cannot predict the outcome of these studies.
As a result of recent and possible future changes in federal and state
environmental laws, regulations and permit requirements, because of and in
addition to the CAAA, TEP may incur additional costs for the purchase or
upgrading of pollution control emission monitoring equipment on existing
electric generating facilities and may experience a reduction in operating
efficiency. There may be a need for variances from certain environmental
standards and operating permit conditions until required equipment and
processes for control, handling and disposal of emissions are operational and
reliable. Failure to comply with any EPA or state compliance requirements
may result in substantial penalties or fines which are provided for by law
and which in some cases are mandatory.
In 1991, the EPA adopted a rule for the reduction of Navajo sulfur
dioxide emissions on an annual averaging basis by 90% to address visibility
impairment at Grand Canyon National Park. TEP estimates that its share of
the required capital expenditures remaining as of December 31, 1997 relating
to the rule implementation will be approximately $8 million, including
AFDC, through 2000.
In order to improve the efficiency of sulfur dioxide removal at the
station, the existing removal process is being replaced with a new process at
an estimated cost to TEP of $20 million, including AFDC, during the period
1997 through 1999. TEP estimates that its share of the required capital
expenditures remaining as of December 31, 1997 relating to this process
improvement will be approximately $11 million, including AFDC, through 1999.
CONTINGENCIES
Ruling on Arizona Sales Tax Assessments - Coal Sales
The Arizona Department of Revenue ADOR issued transaction privilege
sales tax assessments to TEP alleging that Valencia formerly a wholly-
owned subsidiary of TEP was liable for sales tax on gross income received
from coal sales, transportation and coal-handling services to TEP for the
period November 1985 through May 1996. TEP protested these assessments. On
September 12, 1996, the Arizona Court of Appeals upheld the validity of the
assessment issued for the period November 1985 through March 1990. As a
result of the Court of Appeals decision, TEP recorded an additional expense
of approximately $92 million in the third quarter of 1996. TEP appealed to
the Arizona Supreme Court, which heard arguments in December 1997 and is
expected to render its opinion in the second quarter of 1998. Additionally,
TEP is protesting the assessments for the period April 1990 through May 1996.
Previously, TEP had recorded an expense through the Consolidated
Statements of Income and related liability for the amount of sales taxes and
interest thereon which TEP believed was probable of incurrence for the period
November 1985 through May 1996. Generally, Arizona law requires payment of
an assessment prior to pursuing the appellate process. TEP has previously
paid, under protest, a total of $23 million of the disputed sales tax
assessments, subject to refund in the event TEP prevails.
Since Valencia was merged into TEP on May 31, 1996, TEP acquires coal
directly from the supplier. As a result, TEP believes it is not liable for
transaction privilege tax computed on a basis similar to the assessments
described above subsequent to May 31, 1996. For periods subsequent to May
31, 1996 TEP continues to record an estimated interest expense on the above
assessments.
Arizona Sales Tax Assessments - Leases
The ADOR has issued transaction privilege sales tax assessments to the
lessors from whom TEP leases certain property. The assessments allege sales
tax liability on a component of rents paid by TEP under the Springerville
Unit 1 Leases, the Springerville Common Facilities Leases, the Irvington
Lease and the Springerville Coal Handling Facilities Leases. Assessments
cover the period August 1, 1988 to September 30, 1993. Pursuant to
indemnification provisions, if the ADOR prevails TEP must reimburse the
lessors for taxes paid by them.
In the opinion of management, TEP has recorded, through the Consolidated
Statements of Income in current and prior years, a liability for the amount
of sales taxes and interest thereon for which TEP feels incurrence is
probable as of December 31, 1997. In the event that the assessments by the
ADOR are sustained, an additional liability would result. Although it is
reasonably possible that the ultimate resolution of such matter could result
in an additional sales tax expense of up to approximately $21 million in
excess of amounts recorded, management and outside tax counsel believe that
TEP has meritorious defenses to mitigate or eliminate the assessed amounts.
Based on the current status of the legal proceedings, TEP believes that
the ultimate resolution of such dispute will occur over a period of two to
four years. Based on consultations with counsel and considering the amounts
already accrued, TEP believes that the resolution of this tax matter should
not have a material adverse effect on the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Income Tax Assessments
In February 1998, the Internal Revenue Service IRS issued an income
tax assessment to TEP asserting deficiencies in the amount of federal income
taxes for TEP 1992 and 1993 tax years. The IRS is challenging TEP
treatment of various items relating to the 1992 Financial Restructuring,
including TEP computation of the section 382 limitation as described in
Note 3 and amounts of NOL available to offset taxable income in future
periods. TEP strongly disagrees with the IRS position and will vigorously
contest it. Although management cannot predict the outcome of the dispute
with certainty, management does not expect the resolution of the matter to
have a material adverse impact on the financial statements.
NOTE 8. JOINTLY-OWNED FACILITIES
- 
At December 31, 1997, TEP interests in jointly-owned generating and
transmission facilities were as follows                Percent   Plant Construction
Owned By   in   Work in  Accumulated
Company   Service  Progress  Depreciation
- Thousands of Dollars  San Juan Units 1 and 2     500   $285,142  $11,221   $222,087
Navajo Station Units 1,2 and 3 75   102,988   13,856    45,151
Four Corners Units 4 and 5   70    78,242    522    57,412
Transmission Facilities   75 to 950 218,284    887   115,212
Total                $684,656  $26,486   $439,862
TEP has financed or provided funds for the above facilities and its
share of operating expenses is included in the Consolidated Statements of
Income.
NOTE 9. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS PLANS
- 
VOLUNTARY SEVERANCE PLAN VSP
In May 1996, TEP implemented a VSP. The VSP resulted in an expense in
the second quarter of 1996 for termination benefits of approximately $14
million included in Voluntary Severance Plan Expense - Net on the
Consolidated Statement of Income. Approximately $10 million of the
termination benefits were paid in 1996 with the remaining benefits to be paid
over the subsequent three years. As a result of partial settlements and
curtailments of employee benefit plans due to the VSP, TEP recognized a gain
of approximately $34 million in the third quarter of 1996 and a loss of
approximately $3 million in the first quarter of 1997.
PENSION PLANS
TEP has noncontributory pension plans for all regular employees.
Benefits are based on years of service and the employee average
compensation. TEP makes annual contributions to the plans that are not
greater than the maximum tax-deductible contribution and not less than the
minimum funding requirement by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974. Contributions are intended to provide for both current and future
accrued benefits.
The following table sets forth the plans' funded status and amount
recognized in the Consolidated Financial Statements at December 31, 1997 and
1996. The actuarial present value of the benefit obligation and
reconciliation of funding status at October 1, were as follows                              1997   1996
- Thousands of Dollars -
Accumulated Benefit Obligation
Vested                         $61,082 $60,711
Non-Vested                        8,324  7,341
Total                        $69,406 $68,052
Plan Assets at Fair Value, Principally Equity and
Fixed Income Securities                $88,316 $86,387
Projected Benefit Obligation               80,380 76,563
Plan Assets in Excess of Projected Benefit Obligation   7,936  9,824
Unrecognized Net Gain from Past Experience        7,097 8,088
Prior Service Cost Not Yet Recognized in Net Periodic
Pension Cost                      10,559  7,705
Unrecognized Net Assets at Transition Being Amortized
Over 15 Years                       757 1,405
Prepaid Pension Cost Included in the Balance Sheet    $10,641 $ 8,036
The increases in the Accumulated Benefit Obligation and Projected
Benefit Obligation from 1996 to 1997 reflect the decrease in the discount
rate used from 8% in 1996 to 725% in 1997.
Years Ended December 31,
1997   1996   1995
- Thousands of Dollars -
Components of Net Pension Cost
Service Cost of Benefits Earned During Period $ 3,462 $ 2,746 $ 3,236
Interest Cost on Projected Benefit Obligation  5,777  6,022  6,752
Actual Gain Loss on Plan Assets       7,955 7,757 8,417
Net Amortization and Deferral           817   404   532
Net Periodic Pension Cost         $ 2,101 $ 1,415 $ 2,103
Actuarial Assumptions:               1997  1996  1995
Discount Rate - Funding Status          725%  80%  75%
Average Compensation Increase          40   50   50
Expected Long-Term Rate of Return on Plan Assets 90   90   90
POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS OTHER THAN PENSIONS
TEP provides health care and life insurance benefits for retired
employees. All regular employees may become eligible for those benefits if
they reach retirement age while working for TEP. Those and similar benefits
are provided through an independent administrator handling health claims and
insurance companies that offer premiums based on group rates.
TEP is authorized by the ACC to recover through rates the costs of
benefits only as payments are made to retired employees; the postretirement
benefits are currently funded entirely on a pay-as-you-go basis. Under the
provisions of FAS 106 TEP cannot record a regulatory asset for the excess of
FAS 106 expense over actual benefit payments.
December 31,
1997    1996
- Thousands of Dollars -
Accumulated Postretirement Benefit Obligation
Retirees                       $15,396 $15,471
Fully Eligible Active Plan Participants         2,503  1,817
Other Active Participants               12,378  14,100
Total Accumulated Postretirement Benefit Obligation  30,277  31,388
Unrecognized Net Loss from Past Experience          286   3,172
Unrecognized Obligation at Transition
Being Amortized Over 20 Years              13,025   13,893
Accrued Postretirement Benefit Cost Included in the
Balance Sheet                     $16,966 $14,323
Years Ended December 31,
1997   1996   1995
- Thousands of Dollars -
Components of Net Postretirement Benefit Cost
Service Cost of Benefits Earned During Period  $ 975  $1,025  $ 838
Interest Cost on Postretirement Benefit
Obligation                   2,068  2,071  1,541
Amortization of the Unrecognized Transition
Obligation                    868   913   958
Amortization of the Unrecognized Loss Gain     -    42   152
Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit Cost   $3,911  $4,051  $3,185
The accumulated postretirement benefit obligation was determined using a
700% and 725% discount rate for 1997 and 1996, respectively. The health
care cost trend rates were assumed to be 80% and 85% for 1997 and 1996,
respectively, gradually declining to 40% in 2003 and thereafter. The effect
of a one percentage point increase in the assumed health care cost trend rate
would increase the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation as of
December 31, 1997 by approximately $37 million and the net periodic cost by
$05 million for 1997.
STOCK OPTION PLANS
On May 20, 1994, the Shareholders of the Company approved two stock
option plans, the 1994 Outside Director Stock Option Plan 1994 Directors'
Plan and the 1994 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan 1994 Omnibus Plan.
The 1994 Directors' Plan provides for the annual grant of 1,200 non-
qualified stock options to each eligible director, at an exercise price equal
to the market price of the Company Common Stock at the grant date,
beginning January 3, 1995. These options vest ratably and become exercisable
in one-third increments on each anniversary date of the grant and expire on
the tenth anniversary.
The 1994 Omnibus Plan allows the Compensation Committee, a committee
comprised solely of non-employee directors, to grant any or all of the
following types of awards to each eligible employee of the Company: stock
options, including incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options and
discounted stock options; stock appreciation rights; restricted stock;
performance units; performance shares; and dividend equivalents. The total
number of shares of the Company stock which may be awarded under the
Omnibus Plan cannot exceed 16 million.
In June 1997, the Compensation Committee awarded 69,363 shares of
restricted stock which had a fair value at the date of grant of $1 million to
officers. The restrictions lapse over a three-year period in one-third
increments on each anniversary date of the grant. The restricted stock was
awarded but not issued. Each officer is entitled to receive shares of stock
after the restrictions have lapsed, but may elect to defer receipt of such
stock to a future period. Compensation expense is charged to earnings over
the restriction period and amounted to $02 million in 1997.
The Compensation Committee granted stock options intended to qualify as
incentive stock options under the Internal Revenue Code to key employees
during 1997, 1996 and 1995 and to all employees during 1994 at exercise
prices greater than or equal to the market price of the Company Common
Stock at the grant date. These options vest ratably and become exercisable
in one-third increments on each anniversary date of the grant and expire on
the tenth anniversary.
A summary of the activity of the 1994 Directors' Plan and 1994 Omnibus
Plan is as follows              1997       1996       1995
Weighted     Weighted     Weighted
Average      Average      Average
Exercise     Exercise     Exercise
Shares  Price  Shares  Price  Shares  Price
Options Outstanding,
Beginning of Year  688,123 $1530  525,522 $1626  442,952 $1628
Granted      144,190 $1459  212,684 $1316  93,718 $1619
Exercised      6,630 $1625  2,886 $1625     -    -
Forfeited     25,142 $1518  47,197 $1625  11,148 $1618
Options Outstanding,
End of Year     800,541 $1517  688,123 $1530  525,522 $1626
Options Exercisable,
End of Year     491,763 $1584  286,944 $1627  143,744 $1628
Option Price Range of Options Outstanding at December 31, 1997: $1300 to
$1781
Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life at December 31, 1997: 76 Years
The Company applies Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25,
Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees, and related interpretations in
accounting for its stock option plans. No compensation cost has been
recognized for the plans during 1995 though 1997. The Company has adopted
the disclosure-only provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
No. 123, Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation FAS 123. Had compensation
costs for the Company stock option plans been determined based on the fair
value at the grant date for awards in 1997, 1996 and 1995 consistent with the
provisions of FAS 123, net income and net income per average share would have
been reduced to the pro forma amounts indicated below                         Years Ended December 31,
1997    1996    1995
- Thousands of Dollars -
except per share data
Net Income - As Reported           $83,572  $120,852  $54,905
Pro Forma            $83,201  $120,594  $54,833
Basic Earnings Per Share - As Reported     $260   $376   $171
Pro Forma      $259   $375   $171
Diluted Earnings per Share - As Reported    $259   $375   $170
Pro Forma     $258   $374   $170
The fair value of each stock option grant is estimated on the date of
grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following
weighted average assumptions                        1997    1996   1995
Expected life years        3      4     4
Interest rate          616%    651%   630%
Volatility           2315%   2351%   2351%
Dividend yield          None    None    None
NOTE 10. EARNINGS PER SHARE EPS
- 
The Company adopted FAS 128 in the fourth quarter of 1997. This
statement requires a dual presentation of basic and diluted EPS on the face
of the income statement. The adoption of FAS 128 required the restatement of
prior period EPS. A reconciliation of the numerators and denominators of the
basic and diluted per share computations is set forth in the following table                         Years Ended December 31,
1997    1996    1995
- Thousands of Dollars -
except per share data
Basic Earnings Per Share:
Numerator: Net Income           $83,572  $120,852  $54,905
Denominator: Average Shares
of Common Stock - Outstanding       32,138   32,136  32,138
Basic Earnings Per Share         $ 260  $  376  $ 171
Diluted Earnings per Share:
Numerator: Net Income           $83,572  $120,852  $54,905
Denominator: Average Shares
of Common Stock - Outstanding      32,138   32,136  32,138
Effect of Dilutive Securities:
Warrants                   53     81    70
Options                   87     36    12
Total Shares                32,278   32,253  32,220
Diluted Earnings Per Share        $ 259  $  375  $ 170
The Warrants are exercisable into TEP common stock. However, the
dilutive effect is the same as it would be if the Warrants were exercisable
into UniSource Energy Common Stock.
NOTE 11. QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA unaudited
- 
First  Second   Third  Fourth
- Thousands of Dollars -
except per share data
1997
Operating Revenue          $154,281 $182,970 $231,089 $161,553
Operating Income            20,790  33,830  56,110  23,293
NOL Benefit Recognition see Note 3  14,318  14,975  13,120   1,030
Net Income               11,492  29,901  43,415  1,236
Basic Earnings Per Share         036   093   135   004
Diluted Earnings Per Share        036   093   134   004
1996
Operating Revenue          $148,028 $184,533 $223,078 $160,234
Operating Income            17,118  27,110  52,616  20,722
NOL Benefit Recognition see Note 3  4,849   6,164  70,283   7,342
Net Income                419  10,289  102,498   7,646
Basic Earnings Per Share         001   032   319   024
Diluted Earnings Per Share        001   032   319   023
DUE TO SEASONAL FLUCTUATIONS IN SALES, THE RECOGNITION OF NOL
CARRYFORWARD BENEFITS AND ONE-TIME ADJUSTMENTS, THE QUARTERLY RESULTS ARE NOT
INDICATIVE OF ANNUAL OPERATING RESULTS. SEE NOTE 4 REGARDING THE REVERSAL OF
A $85 MILLION AND $102 MILLION PROVISION FOR LOSS IN THE THIRD QUARTER OF
1996 AND SECOND QUARTER OF 1997, RESPECTIVELY, NOTE 7 REGARDING THE
RECOGNITION OF $92 MILLION IN SALES TAX EXPENSE IN THE THIRD QUARTER OF
1996, AND NOTE 9 REGARDING THE VSP RELATED AMOUNTS RECORDED IN 1996 AND 1997.
ADDITIONALLY, IN THE FOURTH QUARTER OF 1997, TEP RECEIVED AN INTEREST REFUND
OF $28 MILLION RELATING TO INCOME TAXES; SUCH INTEREST REFUND IS INCLUDED IN
OTHER INCOME DEDUCTIONS ON THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME FOR THE
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1997.
NOTE 12. SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION
- 
FOR PURPOSES OF THIS STATEMENT, THE COMPANY AND TEP DEFINE CASH AND CASH
EQUIVALENTS AS CASH UNRESTRICTED DEMAND DEPOSITS AND ALL HIGHLY LIQUID
INVESTMENTS PURCHASED WITH A MATURITY OF THREE MONTHS OR LESS. A
RECONCILIATION OF NET INCOME TO NET CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
FOLLOWS                         Years Ended December 31,
1997    1996    1995
- Thousands of Dollars Net Income                 $ 83,572  $120,852  $ 54,905
Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income
to Net Cash Flows
Depreciation and Amortization Expense    86,405   98,246   93,136
Deferred Income Taxes and Investment
Tax Credits - Net             23,089  83,722  21,136
Deferred Fuel and Purchased Power        -      -    5,872
Lease Payments Deferred           33,679   30,756   32,299
Deferred Springerville Unit 2 Costs       -    286   1,127
Regulatory Amortizations, Net of Interest
Imputed on Losses Recorded at
Present Value               3,485  16,544  15,852
Reversal of Loss Provision         10,154   8,472     -
Deferred Contract Termination Fee     38,077     -      -
Emission Allowances            11,463   2,353    7,224
Other                    5,188   4,036   1,691
Changes in Assets and Liabilities which
Provided Used Cash Exclusive of
Changes Shown Separately
Accounts Receivable            5,320   4,188   4,615
Materials and Fuel            3,649   11,812   6,059
Accounts Payable              6,103    1,644   16,022
Taxes Accrued                390    8,311   13,519
Other Current Assets and Liabilities    2,298   9,926   5,328
Other Deferred Assets and Liabilities   1,992    4,467    2,073
Net Cash Flows - Operating Activities    $124,390  $151,267  $119,390
Non-cash investing and financing activities of the Company and TEP that
affected recognized assets and liabilities but did not result in cash
receipts or payments were:
Years Ended December 31,
1997    1996    1995
- Thousands of Dollars -
Capital Lease Obligations          $ 11,788  $ 8,336  $ 8,095
