ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
The consolidated financial statements of the Company and report of independent
auditors included on pages 34 - 56 of the Annual Report to Stockholders for the
fiscal year ended October 31, 1998 are incorporated herein by reference.
Quarterly Results of Operations on page 56 of the 1998 Annual Report to
Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference. Item 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS.
There were no matters submitted to a vote of stockholders during the
fourth quarter of fiscal year 1998.
Item 4A. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
Regarding the directors of the Registrant, reference is made to the
information set forth under the caption Election of Directors in the Company
definitive Proxy Statement filed January 29, 1999, which information is
incorporated by reference herein.
The principal executive officers of the Company and their recent
business experience are as follows         Name                Office Held                Age
Paul J. Powers...........  Chairman of the Board of Directors           63
Mark G. Kachur...........  President and Chief Executive             55
Officer
Michael H. Croft..........  Senior Vice President and President          54
of the Consumer Filter Products
Group
Frederick C. Flynn, Jr.......  Senior Vice President - Finance and          48
Administration, Chief Financial
Officer, Treasurer, and Assistant
Secretary
Thomas J. Hamlin.........  Senior Vice President, Research &           37
Development
Timothy B. Carney..........  Vice President, Controller and             46
Assistant Secretary
Anthony C. Doina..........  Vice President and General Manager,          42
US Process Filtration Division
John A. Tomich...........  Counsel and Secretary                 41     None of the officers are related and they are elected from year to year
or until their successors are duly elected and qualified.
Paul J. Powers. Mr. Powers is the Chairman of the Board of Directors.
Since the spin-off of CUNO in September 1996 thru November 1997, Mr. Powers was
the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. He has also been a director of the
Company and Commercial Intertech since 1984, President and Chief Operating
Officer of Commercial Intertech since 1984 and Chief Executive Officer of
Commercial Intertech since 1987. He holds a bachelor degree in Economics from
Merrimack College and a master degree in Business Administration from George
Washington University. Mr. Powers is also a director of Ohio Edison Company,
Global Marine, Inc. and Twin Disc, Inc.
12
13
Mark G. Kachur. Mr. Kachur is the President and, effective December
1997, Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Mr. Kachur has been a director of
the Company since July 1996. Since joining the Company in 1994, Mr. Kachur has
been a Senior Vice President of Commercial Intertech and President and Chief
Operating Officer of the Company. From 1992 until 1994, he was President and CEO
of Biotage, Inc., from 1971 to 1991, he was with Pall Corporation, the last
seven years as a Group Vice President. He holds a bachelor of science degree in
Mechanical Engineering from Purdue University and a master degree in Business
Administration from the University of Hartford.
Michael H. Croft. Mr. Croft is a Senior Vice President of the Company,
and effective December 1997, the President of the Water Group. From 1993 through
1996 Mr. Croft was President - U.S. Operations of the Company. From 1984 until
1993 he was with CUNO Pacific Rim operations serving as Managing Director of
CUNO Pacific, CUNO Asia with oversight of CUNO K.K. Japan. He holds a
bachelor degree in Engineering Chemistry from The University of Sydney and a
Certificate in Marketing from the University of New South Wales.
Frederick C. Flynn, Jr. Mr. Flynn is the Senior Vice President -
Finance and Administration, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, and Assistant
Secretary of the Company. Prior to joining CUNO in January 1999, Mr. Flynn was
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of GE Capital Information
Technology Solutions. From 1989 to 1995 Mr. Flynn was Vice President and
Treasurer of United Technologies Corporation. He holds a bachelor of science
degree in Economics from Boston College and a master degree in Business
Administration from the University of Connecticut.
Thomas J. Hamlin. Mr. Hamlin is the Senior Vice President of Research
and Development. Since joining the Company in 1983, Mr. Hamlin has held a
variety of positions including managerial positions in manufacturing and plant
operations as well as Vice President of Product Development. Mr. Hamlin holds a
bachelor of science degree in mechanical engineering from Rensselaer Polytechnic
Institute and a master degree in Business Administration from RPI, Hartford
Graduate Center.
Timothy B. Carney. Mr. Carney is the Company Vice President -
Controller and Assistant Secretary. From 1993 until joining the Company, he
served Commercial Intertech as CUNO Inc. Group Controller and from 1989 until
1993 he served Commercial Intertech as General Manager and Controller of Water
Factory Systems. He holds a bachelor of science degree in economics and a
master degree in Business Administration from Youngstown State University.
Anthony C. Doina. Mr. Doina is the Vice President and General Manager
of the US Process Filtration Division, effective November 1998. Since joining
the Company in 1994, Mr. Doina has also served in the capacity of Vice President
of Process Sales. From 1978 until 1994 he was employed by Pall Corporation,
serving in a number of positions in Research and Development, Marketing, and
Sales Vice President of Sales. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Doina had
over 16 years of sales experience in the filtration industry. Mr. Doina holds a
bachelor of science degree in chemistry from the University of Stony Brook.
John A. Tomich. Mr. Tomich is Counsel and Secretary of the Company.
Before joining CUNO Incorporated after the spin-off he was Counsel and Assistant
Secretary for Commercial Intertech, where he had been employed since January
1990 and had been involved extensively with the legal matters affecting CUNO. He
holds a bachelor of Engineering degree in Mechanical Engineering from Youngstown
State University and Juris Doctor degree from the University of Akron, School of
Law. He is a licensed patent attorney.
13
14
