Item 8 below, is significant because revenue is a key component of our results of
operations. In addition, revenue recognition determines the timing of certain expenses,
such as cost of sales, installation, warranty and commission expenses. We follow specific
guidelines in measuring revenue; however, certain judgments such as the definition of a
new customer environment and new acceptance criteria or if installation is perfunctory may
be required in the application of our revenue policy. InventoriesWe
write down the carrying value of inventories for estimated obsolescence and marketability
based upon assumptions about future use, demand and market conditions. If actual future
use, demand or market conditions are less favorable than those projected by us, additional
inventory valuation write-downs may be required, as they were during fiscal 2003, when the
introduction of a new product rendered certain inventory obsolete. Warranty ObligationsWe
provide for the estimated cost of product warranties at the time revenue is recognized.
While we engage in extensive product quality programs and processes, including actively
monitoring and evaluating the quality of our component suppliers, our warranty obligation
is affected by product failure rates, material usage and service delivery costs incurred
in correcting a product failure. Should actual product failure rates, material usage or
service delivery costs differ from our estimates, revisions to the estimated warranty
liability would be required. Allowance for Doubtful AccountsWe
maintain allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the
inability of our customers to make required payments. If the financial condition of our
customers were to deteriorate, due to the cyclicality of the industries we serve or for
other reasons, resulting in an impairment of their ability to make payments, additional
allowances may be required. Impairment of InvestmentsWe
record an investment impairment charge when we believe an investment has experienced a
decline in value that is other than temporary. Future adverse changes in market conditions
or poor operating results of underlying investments could result in losses or an inability
to recover the carrying value of the investments that may not be reflected in an
investments current carrying value, thereby possibly requiring an impairment charge
in the future. Deferred Tax AssetsWe
make estimates to determine the amount of our deferred tax assets that we believe is more
likely than not to be realized. We consider future taxable income and ongoing prudent tax
planning strategies in assessing the need for a valuation allowance; however, should we determine that
we will not be able to realize all or part of our net deferred tax asset in the future, a
decrease in the deferred tax asset would negatively impact our results of operations in
the period such determination was made. Results of Operations The
following table sets forth our consolidated results of operations for the periods
indicated expressed as a percentage of net sales:    
Year Ended September 30   
2003
2002
2001
Statement of Operations Data:
Net sales
100
0%
100
0%
100
0   Cost of sales 1
69
9
52
2
50
1
Gross profit
30
1
47
8
49
9
Operating expenses   Selling, general and administrative
44
8
48
9
26
5
Research and development
15
5
18
7
10
7
Total operating expenses
60
3
67
6
37
2
Income loss from operations
30
2
19
8
12
7
Other income expense, net
0
5
1
2
1
1
Gain on sale of subsidiary 2
12
1
Income loss before income taxes and
cumulative effect of change in accounting principle
29
7
18
6
25
9
Income tax provision benefit
11
6
7
1
9
0
Cumulative effect of change in accounting
principle, net of tax benefit 3
6
9
Net income loss
18
1%
11
5%
10
0   
1 
In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2003, we wrote down inventory by $191
million primarily due to a change in forecasted demand for certain of our products due to the successful
introduction of our new Raider platform. 
2 
We sold our wholly-owned subsidiary, Semy Engineering, Inc., on February 16,
2001. 
3 
The cumulative effect is a result of our adopting the Securities and Exchange
Commissions Staff Accounting Bulletin SAB 101, Revenue Recognition
in Financial Statements. 
Results of Operations for the
Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 2003, 2002 and 2001 Change in Accounting PrincipleIn
December 1999, the staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, issued staff
accounting bulletin No. 101, Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements, or
SAB 101. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2001, we adopted SAB 101 retroactive to
October 1, 2000. Under this method, revenue is recognized only when persuasive evidence of
an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, the
sellers price is fixed or determinable and collectibility is reasonably assured. Our
product sales generally contain substantive customer acceptance provisions. Sales of new
products to new or existing customers are not recognized until customer acceptance.
Likewise, sales of existing products to new customer environments are not recognized until
acceptance. Sales of existing products into customer environments where the product has
previously been accepted are treated as multiple element arrangements if multiple elements
exist. The amount of revenue recognized in multiple element arrangements is the lesser of
the fair value of the equipment or the contracted amount that was due upon title transfer.
The revenue for elements other than equipment is recorded in deferred profit and is
recognized when the remaining goods and/or services are delivered or performed. Revenue
related to service is recognized upon completion of performance of the service or ratably
over the life of the related service contract. Spare parts sales are recognized upon
shipment. As
a result of implementing SAB 101, the Company changed its method of accounting for revenue
recognition. This change resulted in cumulative deferred revenue of $578 million as of
October 1, 2000, which was recorded as a non-cash charge of $176 million after reduction
for income taxes of $87 million, or a charge of $061 per share, to reflect the
cumulative effect of the accounting change as of the beginning of fiscal 2001. The
resulting deferred profit balance as of October 1, 2000 was $263 million. Deferred profit
equals the amount of system revenue that was shipped, but deferred under SAB 101 less all
applicable product, warranty and commission costs. Of the $263 million in deferred
profit, the full amount was recognized in fiscal 2001. The change in revenue recognition
did not affect our cash flow. Software
revenue from the our wholly-owned subsidiary, Semy Engineering, Inc. was recognized when
there was persuasive evidence of an arrangement, the software had been delivered, the
price was fixed and determinable, and collectibility was probable in accordance with the
AICPAs Statement of Position 97-2 Software Revenue Recognition. We
disposed of our software subsidiary in February 2001. Consolidated Net SalesConsolidated
net sales were $1170 million for fiscal 2003, $1237 million for fiscal 2002 and $2565
million for fiscal 2001. This two year downward trend in sales reflects the state of the
semiconductor and semiconductor equipment industries. Although there are signs that an
industry upturn has begun, we are still cautious as to the timing and extent of an upturn
in demand for our products. Customer purchases in fiscal 2003 and 2002 were primarily
focused on newer technology products, especially single-wafer cleaning tools, rather than
in fiscal 2001 where customers purchased products that also added to their manufacturing
capacity. Product sales in fiscal 2003 continued the trends of fiscal 2002 to 300mm
equipment and single-wafer platforms. Neither fiscal 2003 or 2002 included sale of
software as compared to the $74 million in software sales in fiscal 2001. Those sales in
fiscal 2001 occurred prior to February of that year when we sold our software division. In
fiscal 2003, electrochemical deposition products contributed 25%, cleaning, stripping and etching products
contributed 45% and parts, service and other contributed 30% to net sales compared to 34%, 40% and
26% contributed in fiscal 2002. This reflects normal year-to-year fluctuations. The
geographic distribution of net sales in fiscal year 2003 was North America, 388%, Europe,
314%, and Asia, including Japan, 298%. While the relative proportion of international
sales to total consolidated sales for fiscal 2003 is nearly unchanged from the previous
fiscal year, the geographic mix has shifted. On a combined basis, sales in Japan and Korea
declined nearly 17%, while the rest of Asia and Europe declined by lesser amounts. The
geographic distribution of net sales in fiscal year 2002 was as follows: North America,
375%, Europe, 371%, and Asia, including Japan, 254%. Fiscal
2003 shipments totaled $959 million, compared to $1238 million in fiscal 2002 and $2294
million in fiscal 2001. Orders BacklogOrders
backlog decreased 279% to $199 million at September 30, 2003 from $276 million at
September 30, 2002. Orders are generally subject to cancellation or rescheduling by
customers with limited or no cancellation fees. In fiscal 2003, we experienced both
cancellations and the forward rescheduling of equipment delivery dates by customers.
Because of these factors and orders placed and shipped in the same quarter, our orders
backlog is not necessarily indicative of actual revenue for any succeeding period. Deferred RevenueUnder
the SAB 101 method of revenue recognition, certain revenues and their associated profit
are deferred and recognized when customer acceptance is received. Deferred revenue at
September 30, 2003 was $107 million, down 721% from fiscal 2002s $383 million, as a result
of lower shipment levels due to the downturn in the semiconductor industry. Gross ProfitOur
gross margin for fiscal 2003 was 301%, compared to 478% in fiscal 2002 and 499% in
fiscal 2001. The year-over-year decrease in gross margin from fiscal 2002 is primarily
attributable to the write-down of $191 million in inventory due to obsolescence, which
was caused by the introduction of a new product. The gross margin decrease from fiscal
2001 to fiscal 2002 was primarily attributable to reduced manufacturing overhead
absorption, as a result of our lower operating levels, higher inventory obsolescence and
changes in sales mix. Our
gross margin has been and, we believe, will continue to be affected by a variety of
factors, including the cost to manufacture, service and support new and enhanced products,
inventory obsolescence, the mix and average selling prices of products sold and operating
level. Selling, General and AdministrativeSelling,
general and administrative SGA expenses include employment costs for sales,
marketing, customer support and administrative personnel, travel, communications, sales,
service and administrative office expenses and professional fees. SGA expenses were
$524 million, $605 million and $680 million for each of fiscal years 2003, 2002 and
2001. As a percentage of net sales, selling, general and administrative expenses were
448%, 489% and 265% for the same periods. The downward trend in SGA expenses in
absolute dollars from fiscal 2002 to fiscal 2003 is the result of continued cost control
during the industry downturn. Reduced staffing and related expenses resulted in cost
reductions, which were partially offset by increased legal expenses related to patent
litigation. The
decrease in absolute dollars in selling, general and administrative expenses from fiscal
2001 to fiscal 2002 is primarily the result of cost reductions, which include manpower
reductions and lower sales commissions. These decreases were partially offset by a $44
million increase in legal expenses associated with ongoing patent litigation brought by us
to protect our intellectual property. Research and DevelopmentResearch
and development RD expense consists of employment costs, project materials,
laboratory costs, consulting fees, and other costs associated with our product development
efforts. RD expenses were $181 million for fiscal 2003, $231 million for fiscal
2002 and $275 million for fiscal 2001. As a percentage of net sales, research and
development expenses were 155%, 187% and 107% for each of these years. The decline in
fiscal 2003 RD expenses as compared to fiscal 2002 is continued cost control in the
form of staff reductions and related expenses. RD projects in fiscal 2003 include the
further development of our Raider products for single-wafer electrochemical deposition
and single-wafer cleaning, stripping and etching in both 200mm and 300mm. The
fiscal 2001 to 2002 year-over-year decrease in RD costs was mainly due to a reduction
in employee costs as manpower was reduced in response to the industry downturn. This
reduction was partially offset by an increase in depreciation expense, as we updated our
process development and demonstration laboratories. Fiscal 2002 RD projects included
enhancements to our Capsule processor and electrochemical deposition products, the
development of the Sirius system and other projects focused on the industry technology
trends toward smaller feature sizes and the transition to copper, wafer level packaging
and 300mm. We
believe that continued timely development of products is necessary to remain competitive
in an equipment market characterized by rapid technological change and we expect to
maintain a high level of product development investment. Other Income Expense, NetOther
income expense, net was income of $596,000 for fiscal 2003, $15 million for fiscal 2002
and $29 million for fiscal 2001. The primary components of other income, net in each of
fiscal years 2003, 2002, and 2001 were a foreign exchange loss of $284,000, a foreign
exchange gain of $364,000 and a foreign exchange loss of $46,000 and interest income of
$590,000, $943,000 and $11 million, which were partially offset by interest expense of
$205,000, $205,000, and $802,000. In fiscal 2001, we recorded a gain of $23 million on the sale
of land and buildings that we owned in Cambridge, UK. The foreign exchange gains primarily consist of net
gains and losses resulting from the re-measurement of our balance sheet amounts
denominated in non-U.S. currencies into U.S. Dollars, which is our functional currency.
The currency exchange gains and losses were due primarily to fluctuations of the U.S.
Dollar against the Japanese Yen and the Euro. Income TaxesThe
$135 million income tax benefit recorded in fiscal 2003 compares to an $87 million tax benefit in fiscal 2002 and a $232
million tax provision for fiscal 2001. The effective income tax rate for each of fiscal
years 2003, 2002, and 2001 was 390%, 380%, and 349%. The anticipated tax rate for
fiscal 2004 is 330%, but this expectation can be affected by tax legislation, geographic
composition of our pretax income and research and experimentation credits as a percentage
of pretax income. If we are not able to generate taxable income in fiscal 2004, our
effective tax rate could go to zero as we may be unable to utilize operating losses generated.
In this event, we would also need to write-down a portion or all of our net deferred tax assets of $66 million. Liquidity and Capital
Resources Cash
and cash equivalents and marketable securities at September 30, 2003 were $279 million
down $129 million from the beginning of the year. During fiscal 2003, cash used in
operations was $101 million, which contrasts with fiscal 2002 when cash provided by
operations was $20 million. The year-over-year change in cash from operations is
primarily attributable to the net loss adjusted for non-cash benefits, most notably the
inventory write-down of $191 million, depreciation and amortization and decreases in
deferred tax assets. Changes in working capital accounts, notably decreases in trade
receivables provided $165 million in cash, but were offset by an increase in income tax
refund receivable of $84 million related to the net operating loss, and reductions in
deferred profit of $152 million, the result of the industry-wide downturn. We
expect future accounts receivable and inventory balances to fluctuate with net sales. As
is customary in the semiconductor manufacturing equipment industry, products are generally
built to fill specific customer orders, with typical order fulfillment times ranging from
four to six weeks for certain products to six months or longer for more complex products.
Accordingly, while our finished goods inventory accounts for 240% of total inventory at
September 30, 2003, overall inventory levels tend to fluctuate with the level and type of
orders received and order cancellations. Cash
used in investing activities for fiscal 2003 was $788,000 as compared to cash used in
investing activities of $67 million for the year ended September 30, 2002. Cash used to
purchase plant, property and equipment in fiscal 2003 was $13 million and primarily
included laboratory equipment. Consistent with our focus on product and process
development, we further invested in our development and demonstration laboratories with a
transfer of $26 million in finished goods inventory to plant, property and equipment in
fiscal 2003. Cash invested in intangible assets, which primarily consisted of intellectual
property rights, was approximately $15 million in fiscal 2003 compared to $17 million
for fiscal 2002. Cash
used in financing activities for fiscal 2003 primarily consisted of net repayments on
long-term borrowings of $634,000 compared to $317,000 in long-term debt repayments in
fiscal 2002. The exercise of stock options in fiscal 2003 provided $69,000 in cash
compared to $255,000 in fiscal 2002. The
following commitments as of September 30, 2003 have been included in the consolidated
balance sheet and statement of operations included under Item 8. Financial Statements and
Supplemental Data, with the exception of purchase order commitments which are properly
excluded under general accepted accounting principles, and they are disclosed in the
following table in order to provide a consolidated picture of our financial position and
liquidity. We do not have any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial
partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose
entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance
sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. As such, we are not
exposed to any financing, liquidity, market or credit risk that could arise if we had
engaged in such relationships.    
Payments Due by Period amounts in thousands
Less than
1 - 3
4 - 5
After
Total
1 year
Years
Years
5 Years
Long-term debt
$ 2,528
$  214
$  462
$  513
$ 1,339
Capital lease obligations
23
15
8
Operating leases
1,080
706
364
10
Purchase order commitments
5,266
4,289
977
Total commitments
$ 8,897
$ 5,224
$ 1,811
$  523
$ 1,339
Semitool
has agreements with Mr. Raymon F. Thompson, the Companys chairman, to lease aircraft
and an aircraft hangar. Under these agreements, rent expense was approximately $2,094,000 2,600,000 and $2,127,000 for the years ended September 30, 2003, 2002 and 2001,
respectively. The current rental rate is approximately $175,000 per month for both the
aircraft and the hangar; the lease terms are month-to-month and therefore are not included in the above
table. As
of September 30, 2003, our principal sources of liquidity consisted of approximately $230
million of cash and cash equivalents, $49 million in marketable securities, and
ongoing operations. We believe that we have sufficient cash and cash equivalents, along
with funds expected to be generated from operations to meet operating expenses and planned
capital expenditures through fiscal 2004, and into the foreseeable future. We estimate
capital expenditures will be between $30 to $50 million during fiscal 2004. We currently
have an effective shelf registration statement, which registers the offer and sale of up
to an aggregate $75 million of our securities. If additional financial resources are
required in the future, we expect either to issue securities from the shelf registration
statement, to issue other financial instruments or to obtain a suitable credit facility,
whichever management deems advisable. However, there can be no assurance that in the
future we will be able to issue additional common stock or other financial instruments or
that we will be able to obtain a credit facility on acceptable terms. Litigation We
currently are involved in patent litigation which is described in Item 3, Legal
Proceedings. Although we are not aware of any infringement by our products of any
patents or proprietary rights of others, other than as alleged by Novellus, Inc., which is
described in Item 3, Legal Proceedings, further commercialization of our
products could provoke claims of infringement from third parties. In the future,
litigation may be necessary to enforce patents issued to us, to protect trade secrets or
know-how owned by us or to defend against claimed infringement of the rights of others and
to determine the scope and validity of the proprietary rights of others. Any such
litigation, including the litigation in which we currently are engaged, could result in
substantial cost and diversion of our efforts, which by itself could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
Further, adverse determinations in such litigation could result in our loss of proprietary
rights, subject us to significant liabilities and damages to third parties, require us to
seek licenses from third parties or prevent us from manufacturing or selling our products,
any of which could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows. We
are subject to other legal proceedings and claims which have arisen in the ordinary course
of our business and have not been finally adjudicated. Although there can be no assurance
as to the ultimate disposition of these matters, it is the opinion of management, based
upon the information available at this time, that the currently expected outcome of these
matters, individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. FACTORS THAT MIGHT
AFFECT OUR FUTURE FINANCIAL RESULTS AND STOCK PRICE Set
forth below are risks and uncertainties that could negatively impact our business,
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and could cause actual results
to differ materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements
contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These risks and uncertainties could also
cause our stock price to decline. Cyclicality
in the semiconductor industry and the semiconductor equipment industry has historically
led to substantial variations in demand for our products and may from time to time
continue to do so. Our
operating results are subject to significant variation due to the cyclical nature of the
semiconductor industry. Our business depends upon the capital spending of semiconductor
manufacturers, which, in turn, depend upon the current and anticipated market demand for
semiconductors and products using semiconductors. The semiconductor industry recently
experienced a downturn, which seriously affected our operating results. Typically, the
semiconductor equipment industry experiences a more pronounced percentage decrease in
revenues than the semiconductor industry as a whole. The
semiconductor industry may continue to be depressed in fiscal 2004, and:    demand in the semiconductor industry may continue to decline;
any recovery of the semiconductor industry may not result in an increased demand by semiconductor manufacturers for capital
equipment or our products; and
the semiconductor industry may experience other, possibly more severe and prolonged,
downturns in the future. Any
failure of the semiconductor industry to fully recover from this downturn will harm our
business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our
quarterly operating results have varied in the past and probably will continue to vary
significantly in the future, causing volatility in our stock price. Our
quarterly operating results have varied significantly in the past and may continue to do
so in the future, which could cause our common stock price to decline. Some of the factors
that may influence our operating results and subject our common stock to price and volume
fluctuations include:    changes in customer demand for our systems, which is influenced by economic conditions and
technological developments in the semiconductor industry;
demand for products that use semiconductors;
market acceptance of our systems and changes in our product offerings;
size and timing of orders from customers;
customer cancellations or delays in orders, shipments, and installations;
customer delays or rejections of final acceptance of our shipments;
changes in average selling price and product mix;
failure to ship an anticipated number of tools in the quarter;
product development costs, including research, development, engineering and marketing
expenses associated with our introduction of new products and product enhancements;
costs associated with protecting our intellectual property;
level of our fixed expenses relative to our net sales; and
currency exchange rate fluctuations. During any
quarter, a significant portion of our net sales may be derived from the sale of a
relatively small number of high value systems. The selling price of our systems range from
under $100,000 to in excess of $28 million. Accordingly, a small change in the number
and/or mix of tools we sell may cause significant changes in our operating results. Variations
in the amount of time it takes for our customers to accept our systems may cause our
operating results to fluctuate. Securities and Exchange Commission Staff Accounting
Bulletin 101 SAB 101 Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements provides
guidance on the recognition of revenue for sales that involve contractual customer
acceptance provisions and product installation commitments. Timing of revenue recognition
from new systems, new customers and installation services is subject to the length of time
required to achieve customer acceptance after shipment, which could cause our operating
results to vary from period to period. In
light of these factors and the cyclical nature of the semiconductor industry, we expect to
continue to experience significant fluctuations in quarterly and annual operating results.
Moreover, many of our expenses are fixed in the short-term which, together with the need
for continued investment in research and development, marketing and customer support,
limits our ability to reduce expenses quickly. As a result, net sales could decline and
harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, which could
cause our operating results to be below the public market analysts or
investors expectations and the market price of our stock could decline. We
have experienced periods of rapid growth and decline in operating levels, and if we are
not able to successfully manage these significant fluctuations, our business, financial
condition and results of operations could be significantly harmed. We
have experienced periods of significant growth and decline in net sales. Our net sales
decreased 518% from approximately $2565 million for fiscal year 2001 to approximately
$1237 million for fiscal year 2002 and then declined 54% to $1170 million in fiscal
2003. In addition, our consolidated orders backlog decreased 279% from approximately
$276 million at September 30, 2002 to $199 million at September 30, 2003. If we are
unable to effectively manage periods of rapid sales growth or decline, our business,
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be significantly harmed. Our
deferred revenue and orders backlog may not result in future net sales. Following
the revenue recognition guidance provided in SAB 101, revenue and the associated profit
from the sale of newly introduced systems, systems sales to new customers and substantive
installation obligations that are subject to contractual customer acceptance provisions
are deferred until the customer has acknowledged their acceptance of the system. If the
system does not meet the agreed specifications and the customer refuses to accept the
system, the deferred revenue and associated deferred profit will not be realized and we
may be required to refund any cash payments previously received from the customer, which
may harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Order
backlog does not necessarily include all sales needed to achieve net revenue expectations
for a subsequent period. We schedule the production of our systems based in part upon
order backlog. Due to possible customer changes in delivery schedules and cancellations of
orders, our backlog at any particular date is not necessarily indicative of actual sales
for any succeeding period. In addition, while we evaluate each customer order on a
case-by-case basis to determine qualification for inclusion in backlog, there can be no
assurance that amounts included in backlog will ultimately result in future sales. A
reduction in backlog during any particular period, or the failure of our backlog to result
in future sales, could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows. Our
ability to reduce costs is limited by our ongoing need to invest in research and
development and to maintain a high level of customer service and support. Our
industry is characterized by the need for continued investment in research and development
as well as a high level of worldwide customer service and support. As a result of our need
to maintain spending levels in these areas, our operating results could be materially
harmed if our net sales fall below expectations. In addition, because of our emphasis on
research and development and technological innovation, our operating costs may increase
further in the future, which could have a negative impact on our results of operations and
cash flow in any given period. We
currently do not maintain a credit facility but rely on cash reserves and cash flow to
finance our operations. We
elected not to renew our $40 million credit facility in October 2001 and decided to rely
on our cash reserves and expected cash flow to finance our operations. If there is a
future need for a credit facility to finance current operations or growth, there is no
assurance that we will be able to obtain a facility on reasonable terms to meet our needs. We
depend on our key customers and we do not have long-term contracts with these or any other
customers. Our
ten largest customers accounted for approximately 584% of net sales in fiscal 2003, 586%
of net sales in fiscal 2002 and 387% in fiscal 2001. There is a limited number of mostly
large companies operating in the highly concentrated, capital intensive semiconductor
industry. Accordingly, we expect that we will continue to depend on a relatively small
number of large companies for a significant portion of our net sales. Although the
composition of the group of largest customers may change from year to year, the loss of,
or a significant curtailment of purchases by, one or more of our key customers or the
delay or cancellation of a large order could cause our net sales to decline significantly,
which would harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
Similarly, delays in payments by large customers could have a significant impact on our
cash flows. Our
dependence on key suppliers could delay shipments and increase our costs. Some
components and subassemblies included in our products are obtained from a single source or
a limited group of suppliers. The loss of, or disruption in, shipments from these sole or
limited source suppliers could in the short-term adversely affect our business and results
of operations. Further, a significant increase in the price of one or more of these
components could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows. Our future success
depends on international sales. Our
net sales attributable to customers outside the United States as a percentage of our total
net sales were approximately 614% in fiscal 2003, 626% in fiscal 2002 and 638% in
fiscal 2001. We expect net sales outside the United States to continue to represent a
significant portion of our future net sales. Sales to customers outside the United States
are subject to various risks, including:    exposure to currency fluctuations and related derivatives used to hedge such fluctuations;
exposure of foreign accounts to foreign exchange translations;
political and economic instability, including terrorism;
unexpected changes in regulatory requirements in each of the countries outside the United States in which we operate;
tariffs and other market barriers in each of the countries outside the United States in which we operate;
potentially adverse tax consequences in each of the countries outside the United States in which we operate;
outbreaks of hostilities, particularly in Israel, Korea or Taiwan;
difficulties in managing foreign sales representatives and distributors in each of the
countries outside the United States in which we operate; and
difficulties in staffing and managing foreign branch operations in each of the countries
outside the United States in which we operate. A
substantial portion of our international sales are denominated in U.S. Dollars. Therefore,
if the U.S. Dollar rises in value in relation to foreign currencies, our systems will
become more expensive to customers outside the United States and less competitive with
systems produced by competitors outside the United States. Such conditions could
negatively impact our international sales. Although
we endeavor to meet technical standards established by foreign standards setting
organizations, there can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with changes in
foreign standards in the future. Variations
in the amount of time it takes for us to sell our systems may cause fluctuations in our
operating results, which could cause our stock price to decline. Variations
in the length of our sales cycles could cause our net sales, and thus our business,
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, to fluctuate widely from period
to period. This variation could cause our stock price to decline. Our customers generally
take a long time to evaluate many of our products before committing to a purchase. We
expend significant resources educating and providing information to our prospective
customers regarding the uses and benefits of our systems. The length of time it takes us
to make a sale depends upon many factors, including:    the efforts of our sales force and our independent sales representatives and distributors;
the complexity of the customer fabrication processes;
the internal technical capabilities and sophistication of the customer; and
capital spending by our customers. Because
of the number of factors influencing the sales cycle, the period between our initial
contact with a potential customer and the time when we recognize revenue from that
customer, if ever, varies widely in length. Our sales cycle typically ranges from one
month to two years. Occasionally our sales cycle can be even longer, particularly with our
international customers and new technologies. The subsequent build cycle, or the time it
takes us to build a product to customer specifications after receiving an order, typically
ranges from one to six months. During these cycles, we commit substantial resources to our
sales efforts in advance of receiving any revenue, and we may never receive any revenue
from a customer despite our sales efforts. When
a customer purchases one of our systems, that customer often evaluates the performance of
the system for a lengthy period before considering the purchase of more systems. The
number of additional products a customer may purchase from us, if any, often times depends
on many factors, including a customers capacity requirements. The period between a
customers initial purchase and subsequent purchases, if any, often varies from two
to twelve months or longer, and variations in length of this period could cause further
fluctuations in our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and
possibly our stock price. Intense
competition in the markets in which we operate may adversely affect our market share and
reduce demand for our products. We
face substantial competition from established competitors, some of which have:    greater financial, marketing, technical and other resources;
broader and integrated product lines;
more extensive customer support capabilities; and
larger sales organizations and customer bases. We may
also face competition from new market entrants. Our ability to compete successfully in the
future depends on a number of factors, including:    system performance, quality and reliability;
cost of using our products;
ability to ship products in the time required;
timeliness and quality of technical support service;
our success in developing new and enhanced products; and
the price of our products compared to our competitors' products. Due
to intense competitive conditions in the semiconductor equipment industry, we have from
time to time selectively reduced prices on our systems in order to protect our market
share, and competitive pressures may necessitate further price reductions. Our competitors
are likely to announce the introduction of new products or lower prices which will affect
the prices of our systems and the level of discounts we grant our customers. To the extent
that any of our semiconductor equipment systems are not distinguished from those of our
competitors by significant technological advantages, we may experience increased price
competition or loss of market share with respect to those systems. Moreover,
there has been significant merger and acquisition activity among our competitors and
potential competitors. These combinations may provide such competitors and potential
competitors with a competitive advantage over us by enabling them to more rapidly expand
their product offerings and service capabilities to meet a broader range of customer
needs. Many of our customers and potential customers are relatively large companies that
require global support and service for their semiconductor manufacturing equipment. Our
larger competitors have more extensive infrastructures, which could place us at a
disadvantage when competing for the business of global semiconductor device manufacturers. We
expect our competitors to continue to improve the design and performance of their
products. There can be no assurance that our competitors will not develop enhancements to,
or future generations of, competitive products that will offer superior price, performance
and/or cost of ownership features, or that new processes or technologies will not emerge
that render our products less competitive or obsolete. As a result of the substantial
investment required to integrate capital equipment into a production line, we believe that
once a manufacturer has selected certain capital equipment from a particular vendor, there
is a tendency for the manufacturer to rely upon that vendor to provide equipment for the
specific production line application and may seek to rely upon that vendor to meet other
capital equipment requirements. Accordingly, we may be at a competitive disadvantage for a
protracted period of time with respect to a particular customer if that customer utilizes
a competitors manufacturing equipment. There
can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully in the future. If we
deliver systems with defects, our credibility may be harmed, sales and market acceptance
of our systems may decrease and we may incur liabilities associated with those defects. Our
systems are complex and sometimes have contained errors, defects and software bugs when
introduced. If we deliver systems with errors, defects or software bugs, our credibility
and the market acceptance and sales of our systems could be harmed. Further, if our
systems contain errors, defects or software bugs, we may be required to expend significant
capital and resources to alleviate such problems. Defects could also lead to commercial
and/or product liability as a result of lawsuits against us or against our customers. We
have agreed to indemnify our customers in some circumstances against liability arising
from defects in our systems. Our product and commercial liability policy currently
provides only limited coverage per claim. In the event of a successful product liability
and/or commercial claim, we could be obligated to pay damages, which are not covered by
that insurance or which are significantly in excess of our insurance limits. Rapid
technological change could make our products and inventories obsolete or unmarketable for
specific applications. We
operate in an industry that is subject to evolving industry standards, rapid technological
changes, rapid changes in customer demands and the rapid introduction of new, higher
performance systems with shorter product life cycles. As a result, we expect to continue
to make significant investments in research and development. Although, historically, we
have had adequate funds from operations to devote to research and development, there can
be no assurance that such funds will be available in the future or, if available, that
they will be adequate. Introductions
of new products by us or our competitors could adversely affect sales of our existing
products and cause these existing products and related inventories to become obsolete or
unmarketable for specific purposes. There can be no assurance that we will be able to
develop and introduce new products or enhancements to our existing products on a timely
basis or in a manner which satisfies customer needs or achieves widespread market
acceptance. Any significant delay in releasing new systems could adversely affect our
reputation, give a competitor a first-to-market advantage or allow a competitor to achieve
greater market share. These effects of rapid technological change could harm our business,
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Failure
of our products to gain market acceptance would adversely affect our financial condition
and our ability to provide customer service and support. We
believe that our growth prospects depend upon our ability to gain customer acceptance of
our products and technology. Market acceptance of products depends upon numerous factors,
including compatibility with existing manufacturing processes and products, perceived
advantages over competing products and the level of customer service available to support
such products. Moreover, manufacturers often rely on a limited number of equipment vendors
to meet their manufacturing equipment needs. As a result, market acceptance of our
products may be adversely affected to the extent potential customers utilize a
competitors manufacturing equipment. There can be no assurance that growth in sales
of new products will continue or that we will be successful in obtaining broad market
acceptance of our systems and technology. We
expect to spend a significant amount of time and resources to develop new products and
refine existing products. In light of the long product development cycles inherent in our
industry, these expenditures will be made well in advance of the prospect of deriving
revenue from the sale of any new systems. Our ability to commercially introduce and
successfully market any new products is subject to a wide variety of challenges during
this development cycle, including start up delays, design defects and other matters that
could delay the introduction of these systems to the marketplace. In addition, since our
customers are not obligated by long-term contracts to purchase our systems, our
anticipated product orders may not materialize, or orders that do materialize may be
cancelled. As a result, if we do not achieve market acceptance of new products, we may not
be able to realize sufficient sales of our systems in order to recoup research and
development expenditures. The failure of any of our new products to achieve market
acceptance would harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows. Compliance
with environmental regulations may be very costly, and the failure to comply could result
in liabilities, fines and cessation of our business. We
are subject to a variety of governmental regulations related to the discharge or disposal
of toxic, volatile or otherwise hazardous chemicals. Current or future regulations could
require us to purchase expensive equipment or to incur other substantial expenses to
comply with environmental regulations. Any failure by us to control the use of, or
adequately restrict the discharge or disposal of, hazardous substances could subject us to
future liabilities, result in fines being imposed on us, or result in the suspension of
production or cessation of our manufacturing operations. If
the protection of our proprietary rights is inadequate, our business could be harmed. We
place a strong emphasis on the technically innovative features of our products and, where
available, we generally seek patent protection for those features. We currently hold 215
U.S. patents, some with pending foreign counterparts, have 190 U.S. patent applications
pending and intend to file additional patent applications, as we deem appropriate. There
can be no assurance that patents will issue from any of our pending applications or that
existing or future patents will be sufficiently broad to protect our technology. While we
attempt to protect our intellectual property rights through patents, copyrights and
non-disclosure agreements, there can be no assurance that we will be able to protect our
technology, or that competitors will not be able to develop similar technology
independently. In addition, the laws of certain foreign countries may not protect our
intellectual property to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Moreover, there
can be no assurance that our existing or future patents will not be challenged,
invalidated or circumvented, or that the rights granted thereunder will provide meaningful
competitive advantages to us. In any of such events, our business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows could be harmed. There
has been substantial litigation regarding patent and other intellectual property rights in
semiconductor-related industries. We currently are involved in patent litigation which is
described in Item 3. Legal Proceedings. Although we are not aware of any potential
infringement by our products of any patents or proprietary rights of others other than as
alleged by Novellus, Inc., which is described in Item 3. Legal Proceedings, further
commercialization of our products could provoke claims of infringement from third parties. In
addition, we rely on trade secret protection for our technology, in part through
confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants and third parties. However,
employees may breach these agreements, and we may not have adequate remedies for any
breach. In any case, others may come to know about or determine our trade secrets through
a variety of methods. From
time to time, we receive invitations to take a license to other parties patents or
to grant a license on our technology. We evaluate these potential transactions on an
individual case-by-case basis. Offers to us to take a license that are rejected by us
could lead to an offeror making a claim of infringement. Now
and in the future, litigation may be necessary to enforce patents issued to us, to protect
trade secrets or know-how owned by us or to defend us against claimed infringement of the
rights of others and to determine the scope and validity of the proprietary rights of
others. Any such litigation, including the litigation in which we currently are engaged,
could result in substantial cost and diversion of effort by us, which by itself could have
a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows. Further, adverse determinations in such litigation could result in our loss of
proprietary rights, subject us to significant liabilities and damages to third parties,
require us to seek licenses from third parties or prevent us from manufacturing or selling
our products, any of which could harm our business, financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows. Our
efforts to protect our intellectual property may be less effective in some foreign
countries where intellectual property rights are not as well protected as in the United
States. In
fiscal 2003, approximately 614% of our net sales were derived from sales in foreign
countries, including certain countries in Asia such as Taiwan, Japan, China and Korea. The
laws of some foreign countries do not protect our proprietary rights to as great an extent
as do the laws of the United States, and many U.S. companies have encountered substantial
problems in protecting their proprietary rights against infringement in such countries,
some of which are countries in which we have sold and continue to sell systems. For
example, Taiwan is not a signatory to the Patent Cooperation Treaty, which is designed to
specify rules and methods for defending intellectual property internationally. In Taiwan,
the publication of a patent prior to its filing would invalidate the ability of a company
to obtain a patent. Similarly, in contrast to the United States where the contents of
patents remain confidential during the patent prosecution process, the contents of a
patent are published upon filing which provides competitors an advanced view of the
contents of a patent application prior to the establishment of patent rights. There is a
risk that our means of protecting our proprietary rights may not be adequate in these
countries. Our competitors in these countries may independently develop similar technology
or duplicate our systems. If we fail to adequately protect our intellectual property in
these countries, it would be easier for our competitors to sell competing products in
those countries. Anti-takeover
provisions in our charter documents could adversely affect the rights of the holders of
our common stock. The
anti-takeover provisions of Montana law and our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws may
make a change of control of Semitool difficult, even if a change of control would be
beneficial to our shareholders. Our Articles of Incorporation authorize our Board of
Directors to issue preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the rights,
preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to or imposed upon any unissued shares of
preferred stock and to fix the number of shares constituting any series and the
designations of such series, without further vote or action by the shareholders. Although
we have no present plans to issue any preferred stock, we view the authorized preferred
stock as a financing vehicle. In addition, under Montana law and our charter documents,
our Board of Directors may adopt additional anti-takeover measures in the future. Any
anti-takeover provisions, including any issuance of preferred stock, could have the effect
of discouraging a third party from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to gain
control of us. In addition, these provisions could limit the price that investors might be
willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. We
must attract and retain key personnel to help direct and support our future growth.
Competition for such personnel in our industry can be high. Our
success depends to a significant degree upon the continued contributions of our key
management, engineering, sales and marketing, customer support, finance and manufacturing
personnel. The loss of any of these key personnel, particularly our Chairman, President
and Chief Executive Officer Raymon F. Thompson, who would be extremely difficult to
replace, could harm our business and operating results. We do not have key person life
insurance on any of our executives. In addition, at times in our industry, we have often
experienced significant employee attrition, and we may experience further attrition due to
the current downturn. Further, to support future growth, we will need to attract and
retain additional qualified employees. Competition for such personnel can be intense, and
we may not be successful in attracting and retaining qualified senior executives and other
employees. We
manufacture substantially all of our equipment at a single facility and any prolonged
disruption in the operations of that facility could have a material adverse effect on our
net sales. We
manufacture substantially all of our equipment in our primary manufacturing facility
located in Kalispell, Montana. Our manufacturing processes are highly complex and require
sophisticated and costly equipment and a specially designed facility. As a result, any
prolonged disruption in the operations of our manufacturing facility, whether due to
technical or labor difficulties, destruction or damage as a result of a fire or any other
reason, could seriously harm our ability to satisfy our customer order deadlines. If we
cannot timely deliver our systems, our net sales could suffer a material adverse effect. Our
stock price may be volatile and our common stock may be thinly traded, which could cause
investors to lose a substantial part of their investments in our common stock. The
stock market in general, and the stock prices of technology companies in particular, have
experienced volatility which has often been unrelated to the operating performance of any
particular company or companies. If market or industry-based fluctuations continue, our
common stock price could decline regardless of our actual operating performance and
investors could lose a substantial part of their investments. The market price of our
common stock will likely fluctuate in response to a number of factors, including the
following:    variations in our operating results;
announcements by us or our competitors of significant contracts or acquisitions;
our failure to meet management guidance on financial performance or the performance estimates of securities analysts;
changes in financial estimates of our net sales and operating results by management or securities analysts;
stock market price and volume fluctuations attributable to inconsistent trading volume levels; and
general stock market conditions. We
could be subject to class action litigation due to stock price volatility, which, if it
occurs, will distract our management and could result in substantial costs or large
judgments against us. In
the past, securities class action litigation has often been brought against companies
following periods of volatility in the market prices of their securities. Securities
litigation could result in substantial costs and divert our managements attention
and resources, which could cause harm to our business, financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows. New Accounting
Pronouncements In
June of 2001, the FASB issued SFAS No. 143, Accounting for Asset Retirement
Obligations. The statement provides accounting and reporting standards for
recognizing obligations related to asset retirement costs associated with the retirement
of tangible long-lived assets. Under this statement, obligations associated with the
retirement of long-lived assets are to be recognized at their fair value in the period in
which they are incurred if a reasonable estimate of fair value can be made. The fair value
of the asset retirement costs is capitalized as part of the carrying amount of the
long-lived asset and subsequently allocated to expense using a systematic and rational
method over the assets useful life. Any subsequent changes to the fair value of the
liability due to passage of time or changes in the amount or timing of estimated cash
flows is recognized as an accretion expense. We will be required to adopt this statement
on October 1, 2003. The adoption of this statement will not have a significant
impact on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows. Item 7A. Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Market Risks Market
risks relating to our operations result primarily from changes in interest rate and
changes in foreign currency exchange rates. As
of September 30, 2003, we had approximately $26 million in long-term debt and no
short-term debt. Our long-term debt bears interest at a fixed rate. As a result, changes
in the fixed rate interest market would change the estimated fair value of the fixed rate
long-term debt. However, we believe that a 10% change in the long-term interest rate would not have
a material effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash
flows. All
of our international operations are subject to inherent risks in conducting business
abroad, including fluctuation in the relative value of currencies. We manage this risk and
attempt to reduce such exposure through an economic hedge using short-term forward
exchange contracts. At September 30, 2003, we held forward contracts to sell Japanese Yen
with a total face value of $104 million, a total market value of $110 million and a
total unrealized loss of approximately $60,000. However, the impact of movements in
currency exchange rates on forward contracts is offset to the extent of receivables
denominated in Japanese Yen. The effect of a 10% change in foreign exchange rates on
hedged transactions involving Japanese Yen forward exchange contracts and the underlying
transactions would not be material to our financial condition, results of operations or
cash flows. We do not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for trading or
speculative purposes. Item 8. Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data SEMITOOL, INC.
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
September 30, 2003 and 2002
Amounts in Thousands, Except Share Amounts   ASSETS
2003
2002
Current assets:
Cash and cash equivalents
$ 23,018
$ 34,265
Marketable securities
4,917
6,575
Trade receivables, less allowance for doubtful accounts
of $319 and $394 in 2003 and 2002
17,630
33,908
Inventories
32,263
47,085
Income tax refund receivable
21,043
12,650
Prepaid expenses and other current assets
1,433
1,804
Deferred income taxes
6,578
11,713
Total current assets
106,882
148,000
Property, plant and equipment, net
24,923
29,310
Intangibles, less accumulated amortization of $612 and $753 in 2003 and 2002
6,522
6,067
Other assets, net
447
286
Total assets
$ 138,774
$ 183,663
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
Note payable to bank and other short-term debt
$       
$    51
Accounts payable
13,078
15,894
Accrued commissions
1,722
3,323
Accrued warranty and installation
4,634
6,186
Accrued payroll and related benefits
3,925
5,944
Income taxes payable
179
Other accrued liabilities
1,554
1,618
Customer advances
3,355
3,037
Deferred profit
5,278
20,387
Long-term debt and capital leases, due within one year
228
384
Total current liabilities
33,774
57,003
Long-term debt and capital leases, due after one year
2,322
2,912
Deferred income taxes
2,001
2,326
Total liabilities
38,097
62,241
Commitments and contingencies
Shareholders' equity   Preferred stock, no par value, 5,000,000 shares authorized, no
shares issued and outstanding
Common stock, no par value, 75,000,000 shares authorized   28,455,777 and 28,427,677 shares issued and outstanding in 2003 and 2002
47,445
47,376
Retained earnings
53,659
74,810
Accumulated other comprehensive loss
427
764
Total shareholders' equity
100,677
121,422
Total liabilities and shareholders' equity
$ 138,774
$ 183,663
The accompanying notes are an
integral part of the consolidated financial statements. SEMITOOL, INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
For the years ended September 30, 2003, 2002 and 2001
Amounts in Thousands, Except Per Share Amounts   
2003
2002
2001
Net sales
$ 117,048
$ 123,687
$ 256,467
Cost of sales
81,794
64,604
128,375
Gross profit
35,254
59,083
128,092
Operating expenses   Selling, general and administrative
52,439
60,454
68,051
Research and development
18,084
23,092
27,532
Total operating expenses
70,523
83,546
95,583
Income loss from operations
35,269
24,463
32,509
Other income expense   Interest income
590
943
1,106
Interest expense
205
205
802
Other, net
211
760
2,551
Total other income expense
596
1,498
2,855
Gain on sale of subsidiary
31,054
Income loss before income taxes and cumulative
effect of change in accounting principle
34,673
22,965
66,418
Income tax provision benefit
13,522
8,727
23,160
Net income loss before cumulative effect of change
in accounting principle
21,151
14,238
43,258
Cumulative effect of change in accounting
principle, net of tax
17,645
Net income loss
$ 21,151
$ 14,238
$  25,613
Earnings loss per share   Basic
Income loss before cumulative effect of change in
accounting principle
$  074
$  050
$   152
Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle   net of tax
062
Basic net income loss per share
$  074
$  050
$   090
Diluted
Income loss before cumulative effect of change in
accounting principle
$  074
$  050
$   150
Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle   net of tax
061
Diluted net income loss per share
$  074
$  050
$   089
Weighted average common shares   Basic
28,446
28,410
28,333
Diluted
28,446
28,410
28,769
The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the consolidated financial statements. SEMITOOL, INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
For the years ended September 30, 2003, 2002 and 2001
Amounts in Thousands   
Common Stock
Accumulated
Number
Other
of
Retained
Comprehensive
Shares
Amount
Earnings
Income Loss
Total
Balance September 30, 2000
28,307
$  44,621
$  63,435
$   576
$ 108,632
Net income
25,613
25,613
Exercise of stock options
73
560
560
Other comprehensive income
1,606
1,606
Balance September 30, 2001
28,380
45,181
89,048
1,030
133,199
Net loss
14,238
14,238
Exercise of stock options
48
255
255
Income tax effect of nonqualified
stock options
1,940
1,940
Other comprehensive income
266
266
Balance September 30, 2002
28,428
47,376
74,810
764
121,422
Net loss
21,151
21,151
Exercise of stock options
28
69
69
Other comprehensive income
337
337
Balance September 30, 2003
28,456
$  47,445
$  53,659
$   427
$ 100,677
The accompanying notes are an
integral part of the consolidated financial statements. SEMITOOL, INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
For the years ended September 30, 2003, 2002 and 2001
Amounts in Thousands   
2003
2002
2001
Operating activities:
Net income loss
$ 21,151
$ 14,238
$ 25,613
Adjustments to reconcile net income loss to net
cash provided by used in operating activities   Cumulative effect of accounting change, net of tax
17,645
Non-cash inventory write-down and other charges
19,523
Gain loss on sale of marketable securities
318
Gain loss on disposition of assets
229
1,243
32,983
Depreciation and amortization
8,304
9,073
7,752
Deferred income taxes
4,830
777
3,213
Income tax effect of nonqualified stock options exercised
1,940
Change in   Trade receivables
16,478
17,453
20,350
Inventories
6,789
694
13,004
Income tax refund receivable
8,393
11,648
53
Prepaid expenses and other current assets
376
1,119
849
Other assets, net
159
238
66
Accounts payable
3,016
4,899
15,812
Accrued commissions
1,601
181
1,126
Accrued warranty and installation
1,562
2,971
4,429
Accrued payroll and related benefits
2,055
118
1,658
Other accrued liabilities
78
963
43
Customer advances
309
42
2,311
Deferred profit, net of cumulative effect of accounting change in 2001
15,154
1,322
4,066
Income taxes payable
180
2,460
6,060
Net cash provided by used in operating
activities
10,089
1,983
26,893
Investing activities   Purchases of marketable securities
14,553
21,452
5,000
Proceeds from sale and maturities of marketable securities
16,196
23,104
Purchases of property, plant and equipment
1,262
7,024
4,526
Increases in intangible assets
1,479
1,722
1,906
Proceeds from sale of subsidiary
33,333
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment
310
384
4,693
Net cash provided by used in investing
activities
788
6,710
26,594
Financing activities   Proceeds from exercise of stock options
69
255
560
Borrowings under line of credit and short-term debt
386
54,307
Repayments under line of credit and short-term debt
53
1,165
74,730
Repayments of long-term debt and capital leases
634
317
340
Net cash used in financing
activities
618
841
20,203
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents
248
57
105
Net increase decrease in cash and cash equivalents
11,247
5,625
33,179
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year
34,265
39,890
6,711
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year
$ 23,018
$ 34,265
$ 39,890
SEMITOOL, INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS, CONTINUED
For the years ended September 30, 2003, 2002 and 2001
Amounts in Thousands   
2003
2002
2001
Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:
Cash paid during the year for   Interest
$  206
$  227
$  902
Income taxes
723
4,100
24,116
Supplemental disclosures of non-cash financing and
investing activity   Inventory transferred to equipment
$ 2,636
$ 5,081
$ 4,793
Marketable securities acquired with the sale of wholly-owned
subsidiary, Semy Engineering, Inc.
2,893
The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the consolidated financial statements. SEMITOOL, INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME LOSS
For the years ended September 30, 2003, 2002 and 2001
Amounts in Thousands   
2003
2002
2001
Net income loss
$ 21,151
$ 14,238
$ 25,613
Net income loss on cash flow hedge instruments, net of tax
61
53
47
Unrealized gain loss on available-for-sale securities, net of tax
17
603
588
Foreign currency translation adjustment
415
390
971
Total comprehensive income loss
$ 20,814
$ 13,972
$ 24,007
The accompanying notes are an
integral part of the consolidated financial statements. SEMITOOL, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 1. Company Organization and
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies:    Semitool, Inc.
Semitool designs, manufactures, markets and supports single-wafer and batch
wet chemical processing systems used in the fabrication of semiconductor
devices. The Companys primary suites of equipment include electrochemical
deposition systems for electroplating copper, gold, solder and other metals;
surface preparation systems for cleaning, stripping and etching silicon wafers;
and wafer transport container cleaning systems. The Companys equipment is
used in semiconductor fabrication front-end and back-end processes, including
wafer level packaging. Significant accounting policies
followed by the Company are: Principles of
Consolidation The consolidated financial statements
include the accounts of Semitool and its wholly-owned subsidiaries: Semitool Europe Ltd.,
United Kingdom; Semitool Halbleitertechnik Vertriebs GmbH, Germany; Semitool France
SARL; Semitool Italia SRL; Semitool Japan Inc.; Semitool Korea, Inc.; Semitool Asia Pte
Ltd., Singapore; Semitool FSC, Inc.; and Rhetech, Inc. All significant intercompany accounts
and transactions are eliminated in consolidation. Estimates The preparation of financial
statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues
and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results inevitably will differ from
those estimates, and such differences may be material to the consolidated financial
statements. Cash Equivalents The Company considers all highly
liquid debt instruments with original maturities of ninety days or less to be cash
equivalents. Marketable Securities The Company classifies its marketable
securities as available-for-sale in accordance with the provision of the Statement of
Financial Accounting Standard SFAS No. 115, Accounting for Certain
Investments in Debt and Equity Securities. Securities classified as
available-for-sale are reported at fair market value with the related unrealized gains and
losses included, net of tax, in accumulated other comprehensive income loss
OCI. Realized gains and losses and declines in value of securities judged to
be other than temporary are included in earnings. Derivatives The Company uses derivative
instruments to manage some of its exposures to foreign currency risks. The objective for
holding derivatives is to minimize these risks using the most effective methods to
eliminate or reduce the impact of these exposures. The Company uses cash flow hedge
accounting in accordance with SFAS 133 to account for hedges. At the inception of the
hedge, the hedging relationship to a forecasted transaction, risk management objective and
the strategy for undertaking the hedge is documented. Quarterly, forward rates are used to
evaluate hedging effectiveness. If the derivative no longer meets hedge accounting
criteria, or the terms of the hedged item change so the derivative no longer qualifies for
hedge accounting, the derivative is marked-to-market. Any amounts in OCI relating to a
derivative that no longer qualifies for hedge accounting are transferred out of OCI and
reported in earnings during the period in which hedge accounting no longer applies. At
maturity or termination the gain or loss on the derivative is calculated and reported in
earnings. Certain forecasted transactions and
assets are exposed to foreign currency risk. The Company monitors foreign currency
exposures regularly to maximize the overall effectiveness of the foreign currency hedge
positions. The only currency hedged is the Japanese yen. Forward contracts used to hedge
forecasted international sales on credit for up to eighteen months in the future are
designated as cash flow hedging instruments. Derivative gains and losses included in OCI
are reclassified when forecasted transactions become receivables. During the fiscal year
ended September 30, 2003, the amount transferred from OCI to Other income expense, net,
was not material. We estimate that all $55,000 of net derivative losses included in OCI
will be reclassified into earnings within the next twelve months. All derivatives, whether designated
in hedging relationships or not, are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value. If the
derivative is designated a fair value hedge, the changes in the fair value of the
derivative and of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk are recognized in
earnings. If the derivative is designated as a cash flow hedge, the effective portions of
changes in the fair value of the derivative are recorded in OCI and are recognized in
earnings when the cash flow hedge ceases. Ineffective portions of changes in
the fair value of cash flow hedges are recognized in earnings. Hedge ineffectiveness,
determined in accordance with SFAS 133, had no impact on earnings for the fiscal year
ended September 30, 2003. Two cash flow hedges were discontinued during the fiscal year
ended September 30, 2002, with an impact on earnings of $3,275. Inventories Inventories are carried at the lower
of first-in, first-out FIFO cost or market. The Company periodically reviews its
inventories to identify slow moving and obsolete inventories and to record such
inventories at net realizable values. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2003, the Company
wrote down inventory by $191 million primarily due to a change in forecasted demand for certain
of our products due
to the successful introduction of our new Raider platform. It is reasonably possible that
the Companys estimates of net realizable values could be revised in the near term
due to technological and other changes. Property, Plant and
Equipment Property, plant and equipment is
stated at cost. Depreciation and amortization is provided using the straight-line method
with estimated useful lives as follows:    
Buildings and improvements          
Machinery and equipment
Furniture and fixtures
Vehicles and aircraft
Leasehold improvements
10-40 years
2-5 years
3-7 years
5-10 years
The lesser of the life of the lease
or useful life of the improvement Major additions and betterments are
capitalized. Costs of maintenance and repairs which do not improve or extend the lives of
the respective assets are expensed when incurred. When items are disposed of, the related
costs and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is
recognized. Impairment of Long-Lived
Assets We evaluate the carrying value of our
long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
value of the asset may be impaired in accordance with the provisions of Statement of
Financial Accounting Standard No. 144, Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of
Long-Lived Assets. An impairment loss is recognized when estimated future cash flows
expected to result from the use of the asset including disposition, is less than the
carrying value of the asset. Intangible Assets Intangible assets include legal costs
associated with obtaining patents and, in fiscal 2001, the cost of internally developed software for sale
to our customers. Costs incurred for internally
developed software products and enhancements after technological feasibility and
marketability had been established for the related product were capitalized and were stated
at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Amortization was provided based on the
greater of the amount computed using a the ratio that current gross revenues for a
product bears to the total of current and anticipated future gross revenues for that
product, or b the straight-line method over the remaining economic life of the product,
estimated at three years. No software costs were capitalized in fiscal 2003, 2002, and
2001 and no capitalized software remained on the balance sheet as of
September 30, 2003 and 2002. The cost of patents is amortized on a
straight-line basis over seven years. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2003, the Company
wrote down patents for which there was no expected future benefit by $384,000. Revenue Recognition In December 1999, the staff of the
Securities and Exchange Commission SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101 SAB
101, Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements. During the fourth quarter
of fiscal 2001, the Company adopted SAB 101 retroactive to October 1, 2000. Under this
method, revenue is recognized only when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists,
delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, the sellers price is fixed or
determinable and collectibility is reasonably assured. Our product sales generally contain
substantive customer acceptance provisions. Sales of new products to new or existing
customers are not recognized until customer acceptance. Likewise, sale of existing
products to new customer environments are not recognized until acceptance. Sales of
existing products into existing customer environments are treated as multiple element
arrangements in accordance with Emerging Issues Task Force Issue No. 00-21,
Accounting for Revenue Arrangements with Multiple Deliverables, if multiple
elements exist. The amount of revenue recognized in multiple element arrangements is the
lesser of the fair value of the equipment or the contracted amount that was due or payable
upon title transfer. The revenue for elements other than equipment is recorded in deferred
profit and is recognized when the remaining goods and/or services are delivered or
performed. Revenue related to service is recognized upon completion of performance of the
service or ratably over the life of the related service contract. Spare parts sales are
recognized upon shipment when title and risk of loss pass to the customer. As a result of implementing SAB 101,
the Company changed its method of accounting for revenue recognition. This change resulted
in a cumulative deferred revenue of $578 million as of October 1, 2000, which was
recorded as a non-cash charge of $176 million after reduction for income taxes of $87
million, or a charge of $061 per share, to reflect the cumulative effect of the
accounting change as of the beginning of fiscal 2001. The deferred profit balance as of
October 1, 2000 was $263 million. Deferred profit equals the amount of system revenue
that was shipped, but deferred under SAB 101 less all applicable product, warranty and
commission costs. Of the $263 million in deferred profit, the full amount was recognized
in fiscal 2001. The change in revenue recognition did not affect the Companys cash
flow. Software revenue from our
wholly-owned subsidiary, Semy Engineering, Inc. was recognized when there was persuasive
evidence of an arrangement, the software had been delivered, the price was fixed and
determinable, and collectibility was probable in accordance with the AICPAs
Statement of Position 97-2 Software Revenue Recognition. We sold our software
subsidiary in February 2001. Accrued Warranty The Companys obligations for
warranty are accrued concurrently with the revenue recognized. The Company has made a
provision for its warranty obligations based upon historical costs incurred for such
obligations adjusted, as necessary, for current conditions and factors. Due to the
significant uncertainties and judgments involved in estimating the Companys warranty
and installation obligations, including changing product designs and specifications, the
ultimate amount incurred for warranty and installation costs could change in the near term
from the Companys current estimate. Foreign Currency The functional currency for most of
the Companys foreign subsidiaries is the U.S. Dollar. For these foreign operations,
realized gains and losses from foreign currency transactions and unrealized gains and
losses from re-measurement of the financial statements of the foreign operations into the
functional currency are included in the consolidated statements of operations. Semitool Japan Inc., has the Yen as
its functional currency and invoices its customers in Yen. A loss of $49,000 in 2003, and
gains of $5,000, and $203,000 in 2002 and 2001 are included in Other Income Expense in
the Consolidated Statements of Operations and unrealized gains and losses from
remeasurement of the financial statements are reflected as a component of Other
Comprehensive Income Loss. Research and Development
Costs Costs of research and development are
expensed as incurred. Earnings Loss Per Share Basic earnings per share is computed
using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per share
is computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding and potential
common shares, except when they are antidilutive. Potential shares result from the assumed
exercise of outstanding stock options. Diluted earnings loss per share excludes the
effects of antidilutive stock options of 1,531,115, 1,396,235 and 119,700 in fiscal 2003,
2002 and 2001, respectively. The following table sets forth the
computation of basic and diluted earnings loss per common share for the years ended
September 30, 2003, 2002 and 2001 in thousands:    
2003
2002
2001
Numerator:
Net income loss used for basic and diluted
earnings loss per share
$ 21,151
$ 14,238
$ 25,613
Denominator   Average common shares used for basic
earnings loss per share
28,446
28,410
28,333
Effects of dilutive stock options
436
Denominator for diluted earnings loss per share
28,446
28,410
28,769
Stock-Based Compensation The Company has adopted the
disclosure-only provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123 SFAS
No. 123 Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation as amended by SFAS No. 148
Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation Transition and Disclosure. Had
compensation cost for the Option Plan been determined based on the fair value consistent
with the provisions of SFAS No. 123, the Companys net income loss and earnings
loss per share would have been changed to the pro forma amounts shown below in
thousands, except for per share amounts:    
2003
2002
2001
Net income loss, as reported
$ 21,151
$ 14,238
$ 25,613
Deduct: Total stock-based employee compensation expense
determined under fair value based method for all awards   net of related tax effects
712
859
878
Pro forma net income loss
$ 21,863
$ 15,097
$ 24,735
Diluted earnings loss per share   As reported
$  074
$  050
$  089
Pro forma
$  077
$  053
$  086
The fair value of each option grant
is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the
following weighted-average assumptions used for grants in 2003, 2002 and 2001,
respectively: dividend yield of 0% for all years; expected volatility of 800%, 770% and
800%; risk-free interest rates of 28%, 40% and 51%; and expected lives of 48, 47 and
48 years. The weighted-average fair value of stock options granted during the years ended
September 30, 2003, 2002 and 2001, was $260, $556 and $608, respectively. New Accounting
Pronouncements In June of 2001, the FASB issued SFAS
No. 143, Accounting for Asset Retirement Obligations. The statement provides
accounting and reporting standards for recognizing obligations related to asset retirement
costs associated with the retirement of tangible long-lived assets. Under this statement,
obligations associated with the retirement of long-lived assets are to be recognized at
their fair value in the period in which they are incurred if a reasonable estimate of fair
value can be made. The fair value of the asset retirement costs is capitalized as part of
the carrying amount of the long-lived asset and subsequently allocated to expense using a
systematic and rational method over the assets useful life. Any subsequent changes
to the fair value of the liability due to passage of time or changes in the amount or
timing of estimated cash flows is recognized as an accretion expense. The Company will be
required to adopt this statement on October 1, 2003. The
adoption of this statement will not have a significant impact on the Company results of operations,
financial position or cash flows. 2. Securities
Available-For-Sale Securities available-for-sale consist
of the following in thousands:    
Gross
Gross
Amortized
Unrealized
Unrealized
Market
Cost
Gain
Loss
Value
September 30, 2003
U.S. government agencies
$ 3,686
$   1
$      
$ 3,687
U.S. corporate obligations
2,551
2,551
Other
1,432
1
1,431
$ 7,669
$   1
$   1
$ 7,669
September 30, 2002
U.S. government agencies
$ 5,370
$   16
$      
$ 5,386
U.S. corporate obligations
3,387
3,387
Other
4,453
4,453
$ 13,210
$   16
$      
$ 13,226
Cash and cash equivalents included
investments in debt instruments and other securities of $28 million and $67 million at
September 30, 2003 and September 30, 2002, respectively. Contractual maturities of short-term
investments at September 30, 2003 and 2002 were all due in less than one year. Gross
realized gains or losses were immaterial on sales of available-for-sale securities for
fiscal 2003 and 2002. Semitool manages its cash equivalents and short-term investments as
a single portfolio of highly marketable securities that is intended to be available to
meet our current cash requirements. 3. Inventories: Inventories at September30,
2003 and 2002 are summarized as follows in thousands:    
2003
2002
Parts and raw materials
$ 14,324
$ 22,740
Work-in-process
10,182
20,213
Finished goods
7,757
4,132
$ 32,263
$ 47,085
4. Property, Plant and
Equipment: Property, plant and equipment at
September30, 2003 and 2002 is summarized as follows in thousands:    
2003
2002
Buildings and improvements
$ 17,811
$ 17,814
Machinery and equipment
28,378
27,934
Furniture, fixtures and leasehold improvements
7,509
10,121
Vehicles and aircraft
6,408
6,214
60,106
62,083
Less accumulated depreciation and amortization
38,337
35,860
21,769
26,223
Land and land improvements
3,154
3,087
$ 24,923
$ 29,310
Equipment under capital leases and
accumulated amortization thereon were approximately $132,000 and $73,000 as of September
30, 2003 and approximately $666,000 and $425,000 as of September 30, 2002. 5. Intangible Assets: Amortization expense was $717,000, $192,000
and $381,000 for fiscal years 2003, 2002 and 2001, respectively, including $255,000 in amortization
of capitalized software costs in fiscal 2001. Based on patent rights granted and recorded at
September 30, 2003, and assuming no subsequent impairment of the underlying assets, the annual
estimated amortization expense is expected to be as follows in thousands   Year Ending
September 30,
Total
2004
$365
2005
358
2006
354
2007
331
2008
303
6. Long-Term Debt and
Capital Leases: Long-term debt and capital
leases at September 30, 2003 are summarized as follows in thousands   
Mortgage term note payable in monthly installments of
$23 including interest at a blended rate of 55%, maturing on
September 1, 2014. A
$ 2,209
Mortgage term note payable to the Pennsylvania Industrial
Development Authority PIDA in monthly installments of $6   including interest at 425%, maturing on December 1, 2008. B
319
Capitalized lease obligation payable in monthly installments of
2 Singapore Dollars US $1 including interest at 7% maturing
on March 4, 2005. Collateralized by equipment
22
2,550
Less current portion
228
$ 2,322
A 
The mortgage term notes payable are collateralized by a first lien deed of trust on the
Kalispell office and manufacturing facility and by all fixtures and personal property of
the Company necessary for the operation of the facility. The Montana State Board of
Investments provided 80% of the financing with Bank of America providing the remaining
20%. The notes are personally guaranteed by Raymon F. Thompson, the Companys
chairman.
B 
The mortgage term note payable to PIDA is collateralized by a first lien upon the premises in
Coopersburg, Pennsylvania upon which the Rhetech, Inc. office and manufacturing facility
resides, and was previously subordinate to the mortgage, between Rhetech, Inc. and
Wachovia Bank formerly First Union National Bank. The mortgage term note payable to
Wachovia Bank was collateralized by a first lien deed of trust on the Coopersburg,
Pennsylvania office and manufacturing facility and by all fixtures and personal property
of Rhetech, Inc. necessary for the operation of the facility. This mortgage term note
payable to Wachovia Bank was paid in full during fiscal 2003. The net book value of assets
pledged under the agreement was $18 million at September 30, 2003.
Principal maturities for long-term
debt and capital leases at September30, 2003, are summarized as follows in
thousands:    Year Ending
Notes
Capital
September 30,
Payable
Leases
2004
$  214
$  15
2005
225
8
2006
237
2007
250
2008
263
Thereafter
1,339
Less interest and property taxes
1
$ 2,528
$  22
7. Employee Benefit and
Stock Option Plans: Semitool maintains a profit-sharing
plan and trust under Section 401k of the Internal Revenue Code. Under the terms of the
plan, U.S. employees may make voluntary contributions to the plan. Semitool contributes a
matching amount equal to 50% of the employees voluntary contribution for up to 5% of
the employees compensation. Semitool may also make non-matching contributions to the
plan. Total profit sharing contribution cost for this plan was approximately $820,000 669,000, and $12 million for the years ended September 30, 2003, 2002 and 2001,
respectively. Semitool Europe Ltd. maintains a
defined contribution pension agreement. This pension agreement is open to all employees
with more than three months of service. The employer and employee contributions are
invested in each individual members personal pension plan with a United Kingdom
insurance company as Trustee. The employer has an obligation to make contributions at
one-half of the contribution rate paid by the employee, subject to a rate between 25% and
50% of the employees salary. The total pension cost for this plan for the years
ended September 30, 2003, 2002 and 2001 approximated $45,000, $43,000, and $39,000,
respectively. The Companys other foreign
subsidiaries do not operate their own pension plans, but retirement benefits are generally
provided to employees through government plans operated in their respective countries. In December 1994, the Board of
Directors adopted and the shareholders approved the Semitool, Inc. 1994 Stock Option Plan
the Option Plan. The total shares reserved for issuance under the Option Plan are
3,300,000 at September 30, 2003. Options granted under the Option Plan generally become
exercisable at a rate of 5% per quarter commencing three months after the grant date.
Semitool may grant options that qualify as incentive stock options to employees and
nonqualified stock options to employees, officers and directors, independent contractors
and consultants. The Option Plan also provides for automatic grants of nonqualified stock
options to independent directors. The Option Plan will terminate in December 2004 unless
terminated earlier at the discretion of the Board of Directors. At September 30, 2003,
506,732 shares were available for future issuance under the Option Plan. Options are
granted at an exercise price equal to the market price of the common stock and no
compensation expense has been recognized in 2003, 2002 or 2001 under the Option Plan.
Options granted generally have a ten-year term. The following summary shows stock
option activity for the three years ended September 30, 2003:    
Weighted   
Average
Number of
Exercise Price
Stock Option Activity
Shares
per Share
September 30, 2000
1,105,085
$   6
81
Granted
296,550
$   9
20
Exercised
73,617
$   7
62
Forfeited
111,773
$   7
47
September 30, 2001
1,216,245
$   7
38
Granted
260,500
$   8
75
Exercised
47,560
$   5
36
Forfeited
32,950
$  10
26
September 30, 2002
1,396,235
$   7
64
Granted
349,000
$   4
06
Exercised
28,100
$   2
44
Forfeited
186,020
$   9
93
September 30, 2003
1,531,115
$   6
64
The following tables summarize
information about stock options outstanding at September 30, 2003:    
Options Outstanding
Weighted-
Average
Weighted   
Remaining
Average
Number
Contractual
Exercise
Range of
Outstanding at
Life
Price
Exercise Prices
September 30, 2003
in years
per Share
$322-$480
457,450
7
8
$   4
01
$484-$725
597,915
5
2
$   6
35
$731-$1081
421,150
7
2
$   8
89
$1113-$1588
43,100
6
2
$  13
16
$1800-$1925
11,500
6
4
$  19
09
1,531,115
6
6
$   6
64
Options Exercisable
Weighted-
Average
Weighted   
Remaining
Average
Number
Contractual
Exercise
Range of
Exercisable at
Life
Price
Exercise Prices
September 30, 2003
in years
per Share
$322-$480
137,570
7
8
$   3
99
$484-$725
505,605
5
2
$   6
31
$731-$1081
212,812
7
2
$   8
84
$1113-$1588
32,615
6
2
$  13
48
$1800-$1925
8,025
6
4
$  19
09
896,627
6
6
$   6
93
The number and weighted-average
exercise prices of options exercisable at September 30, 2003, 2002 and 2001 are summarized
as follows:    
2003
2002
2001
Number exercisable
896,627
786,111
585,467
Weighted-average exercise price per share
$693
$697
$652 The exercise and sale of certain
qualified options resulted in the treatment of those options as nonqualified options for
tax purposes. As a result, the Company received tax benefits associated with those options
of $1,940,000 in 2002, which has been recorded as additional capital. 8. Income Taxes: The provision benefit for income
taxes for the years ended September 30, 2003, 2002 and 2001 consists of the following in
thousands:    
2003
2002
2001
Federal:
Current
$ 15,958
$ 9,378
$ 17,735
Deferred
4,777
1,468
1,243
State   Current
2,345
1,372
1,198
Deferred
124
26
95
Foreign   Current
29
2,439
809
Deferred
91
1,910
2,080
$ 13,522
$ 8,727
$ 23,160
Domestic and foreign components of
income loss before income taxes for the years ended September 30, 2003, 2002 and 2001
are as follows in thousands:    
2003
2002
2001
Domestic
$ 34,636
$ 24,965
$ 52,094
Foreign
37
2,000
14,324
$ 34,673
$ 22,965
$ 66,418
The components of the deferred tax
assets and liabilities as of September 30, 2003 and 2002 are as follows in thousands:    
2003
2002
Deferred tax assets:
Accrued warranty and installation
$  1,874
$  1,569
Net operating loss carryforwards
1,613
Deferred revenue
1,109
5,035
Other accrued liabilities
924
1,393
Inventory
170
3,613
Other
888
103
Total deferred tax assets
6,578
11,713
Less valuation allowance
Deferred tax assets
6,578
11,713
Deferred tax liabilities   Depreciation and amortization
2,001
2,326
Total deferred tax liabilities
2,001
2,326
Net deferred tax asset
$  4,577
$  9,387
Cumulative undistributed earnings of
foreign subsidiaries, for which no U.S. income or foreign withholding taxes have been
recorded, was approximately $898,000 at September 30, 2003. Such earnings are expected to
be reinvested indefinitely. Determination of the amount of unrecognized deferred tax
liability with respect to such earnings is not practicable. The additional taxes payable
on the earnings of foreign subsidiaries, if remitted, would be substantially offset by
U.S. tax credits for foreign taxes already paid. The differences between the
consolidated provision benefit for income taxes and income taxes computed using income
loss before income taxes and the U.S. federal income tax rate for the years ended
September 30, 2003, 2002 and 2001 are as follows in thousands:    
2003
2002
2001
Amount computed using the statutory rate
$ 12,136
$ 8,038
$ 23,247
Increase decrease in taxes resulting from   State taxes, net of federal benefit
1,201
875
1,962
Effect of foreign taxes
133
460
1,269
Research and experimentation credit
643
761
941
Meals and entertainment and other permanent items
141
133
1,306
Decrease in valuation allowance
528
89
Other, net
450
882
1,556
$ 13,522
$ 8,727
$ 23,160
9. Related Party
Transactions: Semitool has agreements with Mr.
Raymon F. Thompson, the Companys chairman, to lease aircraft and an aircraft hangar.
Under these agreements, rent expense was approximately $2,094,000, $2,600,000, and
$2,127,000 for the years ended September 30, 2003, 2002 and 2001, respectively. The rental
rate for fiscal 2004 will be approximately $175,000 per month for both the aircraft and
the hangar; the lease terms are month-to-month. 10. Commitments and
Contingencies: The Company has various operating
lease agreements for equipment and office space that expire through the year 2007. Total
rent expense for the years ended September 30, 2003, 2002, and 2001, exclusive of amounts
paid to a related party as described in Note 9, was approximately $19 million, $24
million, and $18 million, respectively. At September 30, 2003, future rental payments
under these agreements are as follows in thousands:    Year Ending
September 30,
Total
2004
$  706
2005
256
2006
108
2007
10
2008
Thereafter
$ 1,080
With the exception of product
warranties we have not issued any guarantees or any indirect guarantee for the
indebtedness of others. Our obligations for warranty are
accrued concurrently with the revenue recognized. We make provisions for our warranty
obligations based upon historical costs incurred for such obligations adjusted, as
necessary, for current conditions and factors. Due to the significant uncertainties and
judgments involved in estimating our warranty obligations, including changing product
designs and specifications, the ultimate amount incurred for warranty costs could change
in the near term from our current estimate. The following table shows the fiscal
2003 year to date activity for our warranty accrual in thousands:    
Accrued warranty balance as of September 30, 2002
$ 6,186
Accruals for new warranties issued year to date
6,126
Accruals related to pre-existing warranties including changes in estimates
952
Warranty labor and materials provided year to date
6,726
Accrued warranty balance as of September 30, 2003
$ 4,634
On January 16, 2002, we filed suit
against Tokyo Electron, Ltd. and its subsidiaries, Tokyo Electron Kyushu Ltd. and Tokyo
Electron America, Inc., referred to collectively as TEL, in the United States District
Court for the Northern District of California Case No. C-02-0288 EMC. The suit alleged
infringement of our U.S. Patent 5,784,797 entitled Carrierless Centrifugal
Semiconductor Processing System 797 Patent, relating to the centrifugal cleaning
and processing of semiconductor wafers. The defendants answered the complaint denying the
claim and seeking to have the patent declared invalid. In addition, the defendants
asserted counterclaims alleging our infringement of three patents: U.S. Patent 4,985,722
entitled Apparatus for Coating a Photo-Resist Film and/or Developing it After Being
Exposed; U.S. Patent 5,446,416 entitled Resist Processing Method; and
U.S. Patent 5,740,053 entitled Method of Controlling Monitor Used in Cleaning
Machine and Object Processing Machine and Monitor Apparatus. After reaching an
out-of-court settlement, on October 17, 2003 the court entered an order dismissing the
claims and counterclaims of both parties. The terms of the settlement are confidential,
except that there was no exchange of monetary compensation. In June 2001, we filed separate suits
against Applied Materials, Inc., Case No. CV-01-1066 AS, Novellus Systems, Inc. Case
No. CV-01-874 KI and Ebara Corporation and Ebara Technologies, Inc. Case No. CV-01-873
BR. The suits against all three parties are in the United States District Court for the
District of Oregon. The suits allege infringement of Semitools U.S. Patent 6,197,181
Chen Apparatus and Method for Electrolytically Depositing a Metal on a
Microelectronic Workpiece 181 Patent and seek injunctive relief, damages for
past infringement and increased damages for willful infringement. Each defendant has
answered our complaints denying the claims and seeking to have the patent declared
invalid. In addition, Novellus has counterclaimed for infringement of four of their
patents: viz., U.S. Patent 6,179,983 Method and Apparatus for Treating Surface
Including Virtual Anode; U.S. Patent 6,074,544 Method of Electroplating
Semiconductor Wafer Using Variable Currents and Mass Transfer to Obtain Uniform Plated
Layer; U.S. Patent 6,110,346 Method of Electroplating Semiconductor Wafer
Using Variable Currents and Mass Transfer to Obtain Uniform Plated Layer; and U.S.
Patent 6,162,344 Method of Electroplating Semiconductor Wafer Using Variable
Currents and Mass Transfer to Obtain Uniform Plated Layer. On July 22, 2002, the
District Court dismissed with prejudice Novellus counterclaim for infringement of
U.S. Patent 6,179,983. The remaining counterclaims seek injunctive relief, damages for
past infringement, increased damages for willful infringement and attorneys fees. We
believe that the remaining counterclaims are without merit and we are contesting the
actions vigorously. A trial date has been set for the suit against Applied Materials in
February 2004, and in November 2004 for Novellus and Ebara. Given the inherent uncertainty
of litigation, there can be no assurance that the ultimate outcome will be in our favor.
If Novellus were to prevail in its counterclaims, it could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further,
regardless of the ultimate outcome, there can be no assurance that the diversion of
managements attention, and any costs associated with any of the lawsuits, will not
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows. We are subject to other legal
proceedings and claims which have arisen in the ordinary course of our business and have
not been finally adjudicated. Although there can be no assurance as to the ultimate
disposition of these matters, it is the opinion of our management, based upon the
information available at this time, that the currently expected outcome of these matters,
individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 11. Shareholders
Equity: The Board of Directors has the
authority to issue preferred stock of Semitool in one or more series and to fix the
rights, privileges, preferences and restrictions granted to or imposed upon any unissued
shares of preferred stock, without further vote or action by the common shareholders. The Company filed a registration
statement on Form S-3 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 16, 2000, which
was subsequently amended on September 1, 2000 in order to convert it to a shelf
registration of the securities of the Company with an aggregate public offering price of
$75 million. All costs related to the registration were expensed in fiscal 2000. 12. Financial
Instruments and Certain Concentrations: The Company has estimated the fair
value of its financial instruments including cash and cash equivalents, note payable to
bank and long-term debt. The fair value estimates are made at a discrete point in time
based on relevant market information and information about the financial instruments. Fair
value estimates are based on judgments regarding current economic conditions, risk
characteristics of various financial instruments, and other factors. These estimates are
subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment and,
therefore, cannot be determined with precision. Changes in assumptions could significantly
affect the estimates. Accordingly, the estimates are not necessarily indicative of what
the Company could realize in a current market exchange. The following methods and assumptions
were used to estimate the fair value of each class of financial instruments at September
30, 2003 and 2002 for which it is practicable to estimate that value: Cash
and Cash Equivalents The carrying value of cash and cash equivalents approximates
fair value due to the nature of the cash investments. Marketable
Securities Marketable securities are marked-to-market at September 30, 2003 to
approximate fair value. Note
Payable to Bank and Other Short-term Debt The carrying value of the note payable to
bank and other short-term debt approximates fair value due to the fact that the
instruments bear a negotiated variable interest rate. Long-Term
Debt The fair value of notes payable is based on the discounted value of
contractual cash flows using an estimated discount rate of 40% and 48% at September 30,
2003 and 2002 which the Company could currently obtain for debt with similar remaining
maturities. The estimated fair value of financial
instruments at September 30, 2003 and 2002, consisted of the following in thousands:    
2003
2002
Carrying
Fair
Carrying
Fair
Amount
Value
Amount
Value
Cash and cash equivalents
$ 23,018
$ 23,018
$ 34,265
$ 34,265
Marketable securities
4,917
4,917
6,575
6,575
Note payable to bank and other short-term debt
51
51
Long-term debt
2,528
2,704
3,079
3,191
At September30, 2003 and 2002,
trade receivables of the Company were primarily from companies in the semiconductor
industry, and included approximately $131 million and $203 million, respectively, of
foreign receivables. Accordingly, the Company is exposed to concentrations of credit risk.
The Company routinely assesses the financial strength of its customers. 13. Segments, Geographic
Location and Major Customers: The Company currently operates in one
segment whose primary products perform cleaning and electroplating processes. The
Companys Software Control Systems segment was sold in February of 2001. The
Companys current product offerings qualify for aggregation under SFAS 131,
Disclosure About Segments of an Enterprise and Related Information as its
products are manufactured and distributed in the same manner, have similar economic
characteristics and are sold to the same customer base. Prior to the sale of the
Companys Software Control Systems segment, the Companys reportable segments
had been determined based on the nature of its operations, products offered to customers
and information used by the chief operating decision maker as defined by SFAS 131. The
Companys two reportable segments were Semiconductor Equipment and Software Control
Systems. The Semiconductor Equipment
segments primary products perform cleaning and electroplating processes. The
Software Control Systems segments primary products were designed to provide advance
process control and operational data reporting for most of the front-end process equipment
in a fab. The Semiconductor Equipments product offerings qualified for aggregation
under SFAS 131 as the products were manufactured and distributed in the same manner, had
similar economic characteristics and were sold to the same customer base. The accounting policies of the
segments were the same as those described in the Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies note. Segment operating results were measured based on income loss from
operations. Internal sales were based on internal transfer prices. Internal sales
reflected sales of products from the Software Control Systems segment to the Semiconductor
Equipment segment. Segment assets consisted of assets that are identified to reportable
segments. Advanced Micro Devices accounted for 194%
and 212% of our net sales in fiscal 2003 and fiscal 2002, respectively. No customer
accounted for over 10% of net sales in fiscal 2001. Financial information by geographic
location for 2003, 2002, and 2001 is summarized as follows amounts in thousands:    
United
Asia 
States
Europe
Japan
Other
Consolidated
Net Sales, by customer location
2003
$ 45,290
$ 36,701
$  8,308
$ 26,749
$ 117,048
2002
46,267
45,867
9,530
22,023
123,687
2001
92,812
66,853
40,384
56,418
256,467
Property, Plant and Equipment, Net
2003
19,843
4,881
131
68
24,923
2002
23,496
5,216
496
102
29,310
2001
23,905
2,068
1,410
172
27,555
14. Sale of Semy Engineering,
Inc. Subsidiary On February 16, 2001, the Company
sold its Semy Engineering, Inc. subsidiary to Brooks Automation, Inc. Brooks
for approximately $394 million. The Company received cash of approximately $365 million
and 73,243 shares of Brooks common stock valued at approximately $29 million on the
date of the sale. This resulted in a gain of approximately $311 million $196 million
after tax. Semy Engineering, Inc., constituted our entire Software Control Systems
segment. 15. Inventory Write-Down
and Other Charges: In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2003,
the Company wrote down $191 million in obsolete inventory and $384,000 in patents. The
write-downs resulted primarily from a change in forecasted demand for certain of our products due to the successful
introduction of our new Raider platform. The net impact of the write-downs, after tax, was
a net loss of $119 million or $042 per share. 16. Quarterly Financial
Data Unaudited: For each quarter of fiscal 2003 and 2002 in
thousands, except for per share amounts:    
Year Ended September 30, 2003
First
Second
Third
Fourth
Quarter
Quarter
Quarter
Quarter
Net sales
$ 30,291
$ 35,621
$ 25,041
$ 26,095
Gross profit
$ 13,074
$ 16,276
$ 11,967
$ 6,063
Net loss
$ 2,400
$ 2,523
$ 2,258
$ 13,970
Net loss per basic share
$  008
$  009
$  008
$  049
Net loss per diluted share
$  008
$  009
$  008
$  049
Shares used in basic per share calculations
28,428
28,435
28,438
28,451
Shares used in diluted per share calculations
28,428
28,435
28,438
28,451
Year Ended September 30, 2002
First
Second
Third
Fourth
Quarter
Quarter
Quarter
Quarter
Net sales
$ 26,754
$ 31,323
$ 28,384
$ 37,226
Gross profit
$ 12,445
$ 14,962
$ 14,274
$ 17,402
Net loss
$ 3,702
$ 4,101
$ 3,543
$ 2,892
Net loss per basic share
$  013
$  014
$  013
$  010
Net loss per diluted share
$  013
$  014
$  013
$  010
Shares used in basic per share calculations
28,386
28,407
28,421
28,428
Shares used in diluted per share calculations
28,386
28,407
28,421
28,428
In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2003,
the Company wrote down $191 million in obsolete inventory and $384,000 in patents. The
write-downs resulted primarily from a change in forecasted demand for certain of our products due to the successful
introduction of our new Raider platform. The net impact of the write-downs, after tax, was
a net loss of $119 million or $042 per share. REPORT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS Board of Directors and
ShareholdersSemitool, Inc. In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements listed in the index appearing under a1 present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of Semitool, Inc. and its subsidiaries at
September 30, 2003 and September 30, 2002, and the results of their operations and their
cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2003 in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
In addition, in our opinion, the financial statement schedule listed in the index
appearing under a2 presents fairly, in all material respects, the information
set forth therein when read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial
statements. These financial statements and financial statement schedule are the
responsibility of the Companys management; our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our
audits. We conducted our audits of these statements in accordance with auditing standards
generally accepted in the United States of America, which require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free
of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating
the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion. As discussed in Note 1 to the
consolidated financial statements, effective October 1, 2000, the Company changed its
method of accounting for revenue recognition in accordance with the guidance in Securities
and Exchange Commission Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101, Revenue Recognition in
Financial Statements. s/PricewaterhouseCoopers
LLP Seattle, WashingtonDecember
22, 2003 Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security
Holders No
matters were submitted to the shareholders for a vote during the fourth quarter of the
fiscal year. PART II Item 5. Controls and
Procedures    
a 
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedure. Based on their evaluation of
Semitool, Inc., disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules
13a-15e and 15d-15e under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 as of the
end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, Semitools
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that
Semitools disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that
material information required to be disclosed by Semitool in the reports that it
files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported within the time periods specified in the SECs rules and forms. 
b 
Changes in Internal Controls. There were no significant changes in
Semitools internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the Companys most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or
are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Companys internal control
over financial reporting. 
PART III 