Item8.
Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data   Nuance
Communications, Inc. Consolidated Financial Statements   
48 Table of Contents   NUANCE
COMMUNICATIONS, INC.
INDEX TO
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   	
Page   Reports of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm   50   Consolidated Statements of Operations   52   Consolidated Balance Sheets   53   Consolidated Statements of Stockholders
Equity and Comprehensive Loss   54   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   55   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   56   
49 Table of Contents   REPORT OF
INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   Board of Directors and Stockholders   Nuance Communications, Inc.   Burlington, Massachusetts   We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of
Nuance Communications, Inc. as of September30, 2009 and
2008, and the related consolidated statements of operations,
stockholders equity and comprehensive loss, and cash flows
for each of the three years in the period ended
September30, 2009. These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Companys management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audits.   We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We
believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our
opinion.   In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred
to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of Nuance Communications, Inc. at September30,
2009 and 2008, and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for each of the three years in the period ended
September30, 2009, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America.   We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States,
Nuance Communications, Inc.s internal control over
financial reporting as of September30, 2009, based on
criteria established in Internal Control
Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations COSO, and our report dated November25,
2009 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.   /s/BDO
SEIDMAN, LLP   BDO Seidman, LLP   Boston, Massachusetts   November25, 2009   
50 Table of Contents   REPORT OF
INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   Board of Directors and Shareholders   Nuance Communications, Inc.   Burlington, Massachusetts   We have audited Nuance Communication Inc.s internal
control over financial reporting as of September30, 2009,
based on criteria established in Internal Control
Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission the COSO criteria.
Nuance Communications, Inc.s management is responsible for
maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting
and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control
over financial reporting, included in the accompanying
