ITEM 8.FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATAEXELIXIS, INC.INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSPageReport of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm55Consolidated Balance Sheets56Consolidated Statements of Operations57Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss Income58Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity Deficit59Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows60Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements6154Table of ContentsReport of Independent Registered Public Accounting FirmThe Board of Directors and Stockholders of Exelixis, Inc.We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Exelixis, Inc. as of December28, 2012and December30, 2011, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss income, stockholders equity deficit and cash flows for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended December28, 2012. These financial statements are the responsibility of Exelixis, Inc.s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Exelixis, Inc. at December28, 2012and December30, 2011, and the consolidated results of its operations, and its cash flows for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended December28, 2012, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the effectiveness of Exelixis, Inc.s internal control over financial reporting as of December28, 2012, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Frameworkissued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February21, 2013expressed an unqualified opinion thereon./s/ Ernst Young LLPRedwood City, CaliforniaFebruary21, 201355Table of ContentsEXELIXIS, INC.CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETSin thousands, except share and per share  assets:Cash and cash   restricted cash and investments12,246Other receivables2,75130,190Prepaid expenses and other current assets6,1044,372Total current assets432,541228,824Long-term  restricted cash and  and equipment,  assets8,5382,789Total  AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITYCurrent liabilities:Accounts payable$4,398$1,957Accrued clinical trial  compensation and benefits10,3758,423Other accrued liabilities11,7958,943Current portion of convertible notes10,000Current portion of loans payable3,1704,870Current portion of  revenue16,32141,920Total current  portion of convertible notes240,47691,385Long-term portion of loans payable82,09085,260Long-term portion of restructuring14,1379,495Other long-term liabilities6,2567,844Deferred revenue16,321Total  and contingencies Note 13Stockholders equity:Preferred stock, $0001 par value, 10,000,000 shares authorized and no shares issuedCommon stock, $0001 par value; 400,000,000 and 200,000,000 shares authorized at December31, 2012 and 2011, respectively; issued and outstanding: 183,697,213 and 135,563,735 shares at December31, 2012 and 2011, respectively183135Additional paid-in  other comprehensive loss92138Accumulated  stockholders equity296,43490,632Total liabilities and stockholders equity$721,097$393,262The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements56Table of ContentsEXELIXIS, INC.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONSin thousands, except per share dataYear Ended  reimbursement2,77827,411Total  expenses:Research and  and  charge9,17110,13632,744Total operating  income from  income expense, net:Interest income and other, net1,9861,462138Interest  on sale of businesses2,2548,197Total other income expense,  income before income  tax provision benefit1071,29572Net loss  loss income per share, basic$092$060$085Net loss income per share,  used in computing basic loss income per share  used in computing diluted loss income per share  accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements57Table of ContentsEXELIXIS, INC.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS INCOMEin thousandsYear Ended December31,201220112010Net loss  comprehensive income loss 146150143Comprehensive loss  Other comprehensive income loss consisted solely of unrealized gains losses on available for sale securities for the periods presented.The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements58Table of ContentsEXELIXIS, INC.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY DEFICITin thousands, except share   at December31,  loss92,33092,330Other comprehensive loss143143Issuance of common stock under stock  compensation expense21,11221,112Balance at December31,  income75,69775,697Other comprehensive loss150150Issuance of common stock under stock  of shares of common  of common stock for settlement of convertible  compensation expense12,09912,099Balance at December31,  loss147,645147,645Other comprehensive income4646Issuance of common stock under stock plans983,47812,8212,822Sale of shares of common  component of convertible debt issued, net137,785137,785Stock-based compensation expense8,8338,833Balance at December31,  accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements59Table of ContentsEXELIXIS, INC.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWSin thousandsYear Ended December31,201220112010Cash flows from operating activities:Net loss  to reconcile net loss income to net cash used in operating activities:Depreciation and  compensation  credit charge for property and  of debt discount14,7527,9893,596Net gain on sale of property and equipment950Gain on sale of  in assets and liabilities:Other  expenses and other current assets1,76410,55366Other  payable and other accrued   long-term   cash used in operating  flows from investing activities:Purchases of property and  from sale of property and  from sale of businesses3,0109,000Proceeds from maturities of restricted cash and  of restricted cash and  from sale of  from maturities of  of  cash used in investing  flows from financing activities:Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net203,479179,375Proceeds from exercise of stock options and  from employee stock purchase plan1,2171,7343,132Proceeds from debt issuance,  payments on debt4,8708,62139,563Net cash provided by financing  increase decrease in cash and cash  and cash equivalents at beginning of year74,25797,44086,796Cash and cash equivalents at end of  cash flow disclosure:Cash paid for  paid for taxes$1,118$$Non-cash financing activity:Issuance of common stock for settlement of convertible loan, including accrued interest$$36,895$The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements60Table of ContentsEXELIXIS, INC.NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSNOTE 1. ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIESOrganizationExelixis, Inc. Exelixis, we, our or us is a biotechnology company committed to developing small molecule therapies for the treatment of cancer. We are focusing our proprietary resources and development and commercialization efforts exclusively on COMETRIQ cabozantinib, our wholly-owned inhibitor of multiple receptor tyrosine kinases. On November 29, 2012, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved COMETRIQ for the treatment of progressive, metastatic medullary thyroid cancer MTC, in the United States. COMETRIQ is being evaluated in a variety of other cancer indications through a broad development program, including twoongoing phase 3 pivotal trials in metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer CRPC and twoadditional phase 3 pivotal trials in metastatic hepatocellular cancer and metastatic renal cell cancer that we plan to initiate in 2013. We believe COMETRIQ has the potential to be a high-quality, broadly-active and differentiated anti-cancer agent that can make a meaningful difference in the lives of patients. Our objective is to develop COMETRIQ into a major oncology franchise, and we believe that the approval of COMETRIQ for the treatment of progressive, metastatic MTC provides us with the opportunity to establish a commercial presence in furtherance of this objective.We have also established a portfolio of other novel compounds that we believe have the potential to address serious unmet medical needs. Many of these compounds are being advanced by partners as part of collaborations, at no cost to us but with significant retained economics to Exelixis in the event these compounds are commercialized. As disclosed on ClinicalTrials.gov NCT01689519, a phase 3 clinical trial for one of these compounds, GDC-0973 XL518, which we out-licensed to Genentech, Inc. a wholly-owned member of the Roche Group Genentech, was initiated on November 1, 2012.Basis of ConsolidationThe consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Exelixis and those of our wholly-owned subsidiary. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.Basis of PresentationWe have adopted a 52- or 53-week fiscal year that generally ends on the Friday closest to December31. Fiscal year 2010, a 52-week year, ended on December 31, 2010, fiscal year 2011, a 52-week year, ended on December30, 2011, and fiscal year 2012, a 52-week year, ended on December28, 2012. For convenience, references in this report as of and for the fiscal years ended, December31, 2010, December30, 2011 and December28, 2012 are indicated on a calendar year basis, ended December31, 2010, 2011 and 2012, respectively.Segment InformationWe operate in one business segment. We have operations solely in the United States, while some of our collaboration partners have headquarters outside of the United States and certain of our clinical trials for cabozantinib are conducted outside of the United States. In fiscal years 2012, 2011and 2010, 100%of our revenues were earned in the United States and all of our long-lived assets were located in the United States.Use of EstimatesThe preparation of the consolidated financial statements is in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States which requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosures. On an ongoing basis, management evaluates its estimates including, but not limited to, those related to revenue recognition, long-lived assets, certain accrued liabilities, share-based compensation and the valuation of the debt and equity components of our convertible debt at issuance. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other market-specific and other relevant assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates.Cash and InvestmentsWe consider all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents include investments in high-grade, short-term money market funds, commercial paper and municipal securities, which are subject to minimal credit and market risk61Table of ContentsWe have designated all investments as available-for-sale and therefore, such investments are reported at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income. For securities sold prior to maturity, the cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification method. Realized gains and losses on the sale of investments are recorded in interest and other income, net. Historically, all investments were viewed as available for use in current operations. Therefore, as of December 31, 2011 we classified certain investments as short-term investments even though their stated maturity dates may have been one year or more beyond the balance sheet date. As of December31, 2012, due to the increase in our cash balances as a result of the financing activities we completed in February 2012 and in August 2012, we no longer require investments with original maturities in excess of 12 months for use in current operations, and have accordingly classified those investments that mature in more than 12 months as Long-term investments on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2012 and 2011, all investments that collateralize loan balances with terms that extend 12 monthsor longer were classified as Long-term investments even if the investment remaining term to maturity was one year or less; they are not restricted to withdrawal. All of our investments are subject to a quarterly impairment review. We recognize an impairment charge when a decline in the fair value of its investments below the cost basis is judged to be other-than-temporary. Factors considered in determining whether a loss is temporary included the length of time and extent to which the investments fair value has been less than the cost basis, the financial condition and near-term prospects of the investee, extent of the loss related to credit of the issuer, the expected cash flows from the security, our intent to sell the security and whether or not we will be required to sell the security before the recovery of its amortized cost. During the years ended December31, 2012, 2011, and 2010, we did not record any significant other-than-temporary impairment charges on its available-for-sale securities.Foreign Currency Forward ContractWe have entered into foreign currency forward contracts to reduce our net exposure to Eurodollar currency fluctuations. In March2010, we entered into a new foreign contract for a notional amount of $70 millionthat expired in December 2011. In December 2011, we received the $70 millionfrom the French taxing authority relating to our 2009 Sanofi collaboration agreement and as a result, we settled all outstanding contracts for a net loss of $03 millionand cash receipt of $67 million. The net unrealized loss on our foreign currency forward contracts, none of which were designated as a hedge, were recorded in our Consolidated Statements of Operations as Interest income and other, net. There were no foreign currency forward contracts outstanding as of December31, 2012, December31, 2011or at any time during 2012.Fair Value MeasurementsWe disclose the fair value of financial instruments for assets and liabilities for which the value is practicable to estimate. Fair value reflects the amounts that would be received upon sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date exit price. For those financial instruments which are measured and recorded at fair value on a recurring basis, we also provide fair value hierarchy information in these Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. We currently exclude cash, but include investments classified as cash equivalents in this presentation; such investments are carried at fair value. Previously, we included cash in the presentation of fair value hierarchy information. Prior periods have been updated to reflect current presentation. InventoryWe consider regulatory approval of product candidates to be uncertain and product manufactured prior to regulatory approval may not be sold unless regulatory approval is obtained. As such, the manufacturing costs for product candidates incurred prior to regulatory approval are not capitalized as inventory but are expensed as research and development costs. When regulatory approval is obtained, we begin capitalization of inventory. We received regulatory approval for our first product, COMETRIQ, on November 29, 2012. As of December 31, 2012, our recorded inventory balance was $0as we did not incur any costs that would be recorded as inventory subsequent to the receipt of regulatory approval.Once we begin capitalization of inventory, it is valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value. We determine the cost of inventory using the standard-cost method, which approximates actual cost based on a first-in, first-out method. We analyze our inventory levels quarterly and write down inventory that has become obsolete, or has a cost basis in excess of its expected net realizable value and inventory quantities in excess of expected requirements. Expired inventory is disposed of and the related costs are recognized as cost of sales in the Consolidated Statements of Operations62Table of ContentsProperty and EquipmentProperty and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over the following estimated useful lives:Equipment and furniture5 yearsComputer equipment and software3 yearsLeasehold  and maintenance costs are charged to expense as incurred.GoodwillGoodwill amounts have been recorded as the excess purchase price over tangible assets, liabilities and intangible assets acquired based on their estimated fair value, by applying the purchase method. Goodwill is not subject to amortization. We evaluate goodwill for impairment on an annual basis and on an interim basis if events or changes in circumstances between annual impairment tests indicate that the asset might be impaired. When evaluating goodwill for impairment we must determine the reporting units that exist within Exelixis. We have determined that we have one reporting unit as is consistent with our sole operating segment as of December 31, 2012 and 2011. Long-Lived AssetsLong-lived assets include property and equipment and identified intangible assets. The carrying value of our long-lived assets is reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset may not be recoverable. An impairment loss would be recognized when estimated future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition is less than its carrying amount. See Note4 - Restructurings for further information on write-downs of property and equipment resulting from our Restructurings.Revenue RecognitionLicense, research commitment and other non-refundable payments received in connection with research collaboration agreements are deferred and recognized on a straight-line basis over the period of continuing involvement, generally the research term specified in the agreement. Contract research revenues are recognized as services are performed pursuant to the terms of the agreements. Any amounts received in advance of performance are recorded as deferred revenue. Payments are not refundable if research is not successful. License fees are classified as license revenues in our Consolidated Statements of Operations.We enter into corporate collaborations under which we may obtain upfront license fees, research funding, and contingent milestone payments and royalties. Our deliverables under these arrangements typically consist of intellectual property rights and research and development services. We evaluate whether the delivered elements under these arrangements have value to our collaboration partner on a stand-alone basis and whether objective and reliable evidence of fair value of the undelivered item exists. If we determine that multiple deliverables exist, the consideration is allocated to one or more units of accounting based upon the selling price of each deliverable. The selling price used for each deliverable will be based on vendor-specific objective evidence, if available, third-party evidence if vendor-specific objective evidence is not available, or estimated selling price if neither vendor-specific or third-party evidence is available. Deliverables that do not meet these criteria are not evaluated separately for the purpose of revenue recognition. For a combined unit of accounting, non-refundable upfront fees and milestones are recognized in a manner consistent with the final deliverable, which is generally ratably over the period of the research and development obligation. Milestone payments are non-refundable and recognized as revenues over the period of the research arrangement. This typically results in a portion of the milestone being recognized at the date the milestone is achieved, which portion is equal to the applicable percentage of the research term that has elapsed at the date the milestone is achieved, and the balance being recognized over the remaining research term of the agreement. Incertain situations, we may receive milestone payments after the end of our period of continued involvement. Insuch circumstances, we would recognize 100%of the milestone revenues when the milestone is achieved. Milestones payments, when recognized as revenue, are classified as contract revenues in our Consolidated Statements of Operations.Collaborative agreement reimbursement revenues or collaboration cost-sharing expenses are recorded as earned or 63Table of Contentsowed based on the performance requirements by both parties under the respective contracts. For arrangements in which we and our collaborative partner are active participants in the agreement and for which both parties are exposed to significant risks and rewards depending on the commercial success of the activity, we present payments between the parties on a net basis. Onan annual basis, to the extent that net research and development funding payments are received, we will record the net cash inflow as revenue. In annual periods when the net research and development funding payments result in a payable, these amounts are presented as collaboration cost-sharing expense. Agreement reimbursements are classified as either contract revenues or collaboration reimbursement in our Consolidated Statements of Operations, depending on the terms of the agreement.Revenues and expenses from collaborations that are not co-development agreements are recorded as contract revenues or research and development expenses in the period incurred.Research and Development ExpensesResearch and development costs are expensed as incurred and include costs associated with research performed pursuant to collaborative agreements. Research and development costs consist of direct and indirect internal costs related to specific projects as well as fees paid to other entities that conduct certain research activities on our behalf.Substantial portions of our preclinical studies and all of our clinical trials have been executed with support from by third-party contract research organizations CROs and other vendors. We accrue expenses for preclinical studies performed by our vendors based on certain estimates over the term of the service period and adjust our estimates as required. We accrue expenses for clinical trial activities performed by CROs based upon the estimated amount of work completed on each trial. For clinical trial expenses, the significant factors used in estimating accruals include the number of patients enrolled, the number of active clinical sites, and the duration for which the patients will be enrolled in the trial. We monitor patient enrollment levels and related activities to the extent possible through internal reviews, correspondence with CROs and review of contractual terms. We base our estimates on the best information available at the time. However, additional information may become available to us which may allow us to make a more accurate estimate in future periods. In this event, we may be required to record adjustments to research and development expenses in future periods when the actual level of activity becomes more certain. Such increases or decreases in cost are generally considered to be changes in estimates and will be reflected in research and development expenses in the period first known. For example, during the years ended December31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, we recorded a reduction related to prior periods of approximately $27 million, $16 millionand $09 million, respectively, to our accrued clinical trial liabilities and research and development expenses primarily related to our phase 2and phase 3clinical trials for cabozantinib.Net Loss Income Per ShareBasic net loss income per share is computed by dividing the net loss income for the period by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net loss income per share gives effect to potential incremental common shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options and warrants, and shares issuable pursuant to restricted stock units RSUs calculated based on the treasury stock method, and upon conversion of our convertible debt calculated using an as-if-converted method as long as such shares are not anti-dilutive.Foreign Currency Translation and RemeasurementMonetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are remeasured using exchange rates in effect at the end of the period and related gains or losses are recorded in interest income and other, net. Gains and losses on the remeasurement of monetary assets and liabilities were not material for any of the periods presented. We do not have any nonmonetary assets or liabilities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar.Stock-Based CompensationStock-based compensation expense for all stock-based compensation awards is based on the grant date fair value estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Because there is a market for options on our common stock, we have considered implied volatilities as well as our historical realized volatilities when developing an estimate of expected volatility. We estimate the term using historical data and peer data. We recognize compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. Compensation expense relating to awards subject to performance conditions is recognized if it is probable that the performance goals will be achieved. The probability of achievement is assessed on a quarterly basis. The total number of awards expected to vest is adjusted for estimated forfeitures. We have elected to use the simplified method to calculate the beginning pool of excess tax benefits.We have employee and director stock option plans that are more fully described in Note 1064Table of ContentsNeed to Raise Additional CapitalWe have incurred net losses since inception through the year ended December31, 2012, with the exception of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011. In 2011, we had net income primarily as a result of the acceleration of revenue recognized under our 2008 collaboration agreement with Bristol-Myers Squibb Company Bristol-Myers Squibb that terminated in October 2011 and under our 2009 discovery collaboration agreement with Sanofi that terminated in December 2011. We anticipate net losses and negative operating cash flow for the foreseeable future. For the year ended December 31, 2012, we had a net loss of $1476 million; as of December 31, 2012, we had an accumulated deficit of $13 billion. As of December 31, 2012, we had not generated revenues from the sale of COMETRIQ, which was commercially launched for the treatment of progressive, metastatic MTC in the United States in January 2013. We have derived substantially all of our revenues to date from collaborative research and development agreements. Revenues from research and development collaborations depend upon continuation of the collaborations, research funding, the achievement of milestones and royalties we earn from any future products developed from the collaborative research. If we are unable to successfully achieve milestones, our collaborators fail to develop successful products or research funding we receive from collaborators decreases, we will not earn the revenues contemplated under such collaborative agreements. The amount of our net losses will depend, in part, on the rate of growth, if any, in our sales of COMETRIQ for progressive, metastatic MTC, license and contract revenues and on the level of our expenses. These losses have had and will continue to have an adverse effect on our stockholders' equity and working capital. Our research and development expenditures and general and administrative expenses have exceeded our revenues for each year other than 2011, and we expect to spend significant additional amounts to fund the continued development of cabozantinib. As a result, we expect to continue to incur substantial operating expenses, and, consequently, we will need to generate significant additional revenues to achieve future profitability. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with developing drugs, we are unable to predict the extent of any future losses or when we will become profitable, if at all.Recently Adopted Accounting PronouncementsIn December 2011, Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 350, Testing Goodwill for Impairmentwas amended to allow the option of performing a qualitative assessment in evaluating goodwill for impairment. We adopted this guidance beginning January1, 2012, and it did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.In May 2011, ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurementwas amended to converge U.S. and international accounting standards and provide more detailed disclosure. We adopted this guidance beginning January1, 2012and added additional disclosure as required. The amendment did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet AdoptedIn July 2012, ASC Topic 350, Testing Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets for Impairment was amended to permit a reporting entity to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform the annual quantitative impairment test for indefinite-lived intangible assets. This guidance will be effective January1, 2013. We do not expect the adoption of the amendment to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.NOTE 2. RESEARCH AND COLLABORATION AGREEMENTSGenentechIn December2006, we entered into a worldwide co-development agreement with Genentech for the development and commercialization of GDC-0973 XL518. GDC-0973 XL518 is a potent, highly selective inhibitor of MEK, a serine/threonine kinase that is a component of the RAS/RAF/MEK/ERK pathway. This pathway mediates signaling downstream of growth factor receptors, and is prominently activated in a wide variety of human tumors. In preclinical studies, oral dosing of GDC-0973 XL518 resulted in potent and sustained inhibition of MEK in RAS- or BRAF-mutant tumor models. Exelixis discovered GDC-0973 XL518 internally and advanced the compound to investigational new drug IND, status.Genentech paid upfront and milestone payments of $250million in December 2006 and $150million in January 2007 upon signing of the co-development agreement and with the submission of the IND for GDC-0973 XL518. Under the terms of the agreement, we were responsible for developing GDC-0973 XL518 through the end of a phase 1 clinical trial, and Genentech had the option to co-develop GDC-0973 XL518, which Genentech could exercise after receipt of certain phase 1 data from us. In March2008, Genentech exercised its option, triggering a payment to us of $30 million, which we received in April 2008. We were responsible for the phase 1 clinical trial until the point that a maximum tolerated dose MTD, was determined. After MTD was achieved, we granted to Genentech an exclusive worldwide revenue-bearing license to GDC-0973 XL518 in March 2009, at which point Genentech became responsible for completing the phase 1 clinical trial and subsequent 65Table of Contentsclinical development. We received an additional $70 millionmilestone payment in March 2010.Preliminary results from BRIM7, an ongoing phase 1b dose escalation study conducted by Roche and Genentech of the BRAF inhibitor BRAFi vemurafenib in combination with GDC-0973 XL518 in patients with locally advanced/unresectable or metastatic melanoma carrying a BRAFV600 mutation were presented at the European Society of Medical Oncologists Annual Meeting in September 2012. As disclosed on ClinicalTrials.gov NCT01689519, a multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase 3 clinical trial evaluating the combination of vemurafenib with GDC-0973 XL518 versus vemurafenib in previously untreated BRAFV600 mutation positive patients with unresectable locally advanced or metastatic melanoma was initiated on November 1, 2012. On January 14, 2013, we received notice from Genentech that the first patient was dosed in this phase 3 pivotal trial.Under the terms of our agreement with Genentech, we are entitled to an initial equal share of U.S. profits and losses for GDC-0973 XL518, which will decrease as sales increase, and will share equally in the U.S. marketing and commercialization costs. The profit share has multiple tiers--we are entitled to 50%of profits from the first $200 millionof U.S. actual sales, decreasing to 30%of profits from U.S. actual sales in excess of $400 million. We are entitled to low double-digit royalties on ex-U.S. net sales. We also have the option to co-promote in the United States. The co-promotion option would allow us to provide up to 25%of the total sales force for GDC-0973 XL518 in the United States. We must exercise the co-promotion option within 12months of receiving notification of the first patient dosed in the first phase 3 clinical trial of GDC-0973 XL518. Our receipt of the notification of dosing from Genentech on January 14, 2013 triggered the beginning of the period in which we can exercise our co-promotion option. As a condition to exercise the co-promotion option, we must have the capability to co-promote, including an adequate internal sales and promotional infrastructure, and an experienced internal oncology sales force. If Genentech terminates the co-development agreement without cause, all licenses that were granted to Genentech under the agreement terminate and revert to us. Additionally, we would receive, subject to certain conditions, licenses from Genentech to research, develop and commercialize reverted product candidates.Bristol-Myers SquibbTGR5 License AgreementIn October 2010, we entered into a global license agreement with Bristol-Myers Squibb pursuant to which we granted to Bristol-Myers Squibb a license to our small-molecule TGR5 agonist program, including rights to the programs lead compound, XL475, as well as potential backups. The license agreement became effective in November 2010 following clearance under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvement Act of 1976, as amended. The license agreement was amended and restated in April 2011 in connection with an assignment of patents to a wholly-owned subsidiary.Under the license agreement, Bristol-Myers Squibb received a worldwide exclusive license to XL475 and sole control and responsibility for all research, development, commercial and manufacturing activities. In November 2010 we received a nonrefundable upfront cash payment of $350 millionfrom Bristol-Myers Squibb. Additionally, for each product developed by Bristol-Myers Squibb under the license, we will be eligible to receive development and regulatory milestones of up to $2500 millionin the aggregate and commercial milestones of up to $1500 millionin the aggregate, as well as royalties on commercial sales of any such products.Bristol-Myers Squibb may at any time, upon specified prior notice to us, terminate the license on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis. In addition, either party may terminate the license agreement for the other partys uncured material breach. In the event of termination by Bristol-Myers Squibb at will or by us for Bristol-Myers Squibbs uncured material breach, the license granted to Bristol-Myers Squibb would terminate, the right to such product would revert to us and we would receive from Bristol-Myers Squibb a license to develop and commercialize such product in the related country. Such license would be royalty-free if the agreement is terminated by Bristol-Myers Squibb at will, or royalty-bearing if the agreement is terminated by us for Bristol-Myers Squibbs uncured material breach. In the event of termination by Bristol-Myers Squibb for our uncured material breach, Bristol-Myers Squibb would retain the right to such product and we would receive reduced royalties from Bristol-Myers Squibb on commercial sales of such product.ROR Collaboration AgreementIn October 2010, we entered into a worldwide collaboration with Bristol-Myers Squibb pursuant to which each party granted to the other certain intellectual property licenses to enable the parties to discover, optimize and characterize ROR antagonists that may subsequently be developed and commercialized by Bristol-Myers Squibb. In November 2010 we received a nonrefundable upfront cash payment of $50 millionfrom Bristol-Myers Squibb. Additionally, for each product developed by Bristol-Myers Squibb under the collaboration, we will be eligible to receive development and regulatory milestones of up to $2550 millionin the aggregate and commercialization milestones of up to $1500 millionin the aggregate, as well as royalties 66Table of Contentson commercial sales of any such products. The collaboration agreement was amended and restated in April 2011 in connection with an assignment of patents to a wholly-owned subsidiary.Under the terms of the collaboration agreement, we will be responsible for activities related to the discovery, optimization and characterization of the ROR antagonists during the collaborative research period. In July 2011, we earned a $25 millionmilestone payment for achieving certain lead optimization criteria. The collaborative research period began on October8, 2010 and will end on the earlier to occur of iJuly 8, 2013 if a compound has not satisfied certain specified criteria by such time or iithe date when such compound satisfied the next level of specified criteria, whichever is earlier. Following the collaborative research period, Bristol-Myers Squibb will have sole responsibility for any further research, development, manufacture and commercialization of products developed under the collaboration and will bear all costs and expenses associated with those activities.Bristol-Myers Squibb may, at any time, terminate the collaboration agreement upon certain prior notice to us on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis. In addition, either party may terminate the agreement for the other partys uncured material breach. In the event of termination by Bristol-Myers Squibb at will or by us for Bristol-Myers Squibbs uncured material breach, the license granted to Bristol-Myers Squibb would terminate, the right to such product would revert to us and we would receive a royalty-bearing license for late-stage reverted compounds and a royalty-free license for early-stage reverted compounds from Bristol-Myers Squibb to develop and commercialize such product in the related country. In the event of termination by Bristol-Myers Squibb for our uncured material breach, Bristol-Myers Squibb would retain the right to such product, subject to continued payment of milestones and royalties2008 Cancer CollaborationIn December 2008, we entered into a worldwide collaboration with Bristol-Myers Squibb for cabozantinib and XL281 BMS-908662, a RAF inhibitor. Upon effectiveness of the collaboration agreement in December 2008, Bristol-Myers Squibb made a nonrefundable upfront cash payment of $1950 millionfor the development and commercialization rights to both programs. The agreement required Bristol-Myers Squibb to make additional license payments to us of $450 million, which were received during 2009.On July8, 2011, we received written notification from Bristol-Myers Squibb of its decision to terminate the collaboration agreement on a worldwide basis as to XL281. The termination was made pursuant to the terms of the collaboration agreement and became effective on October8, 2011. Bristol-Myers Squibb informed us that the termination was based upon Bristol-Myers Squibbs review of XL281 in the context of Bristol-Myers Squibbs overall research and development priorities and pipeline products. Upon the effectiveness of the termination, Bristol-Myers Squibbs license relating to XL281 terminated, and rights to XL281 reverted to us. We also received, subject to certain terms and conditions, licenses from Bristol-Myers Squibb to research, develop and commercialize XL281. We have discontinued activities related to XL281 and do not currently expect to further research, develop or commercialize XL281.On June18, 2010, we regained full rights to develop and commercialize cabozantinib under the collaboration agreement following receipt of notice from Bristol-Myers Squibb of its decision to terminate the collaboration agreement, solely as to cabozantinib, on a worldwide basis. Bristol-Myers Squibb informed us that the termination was based upon its review of cabozantinib in the context of Bristol-Myers Squibbs overall research and development priorities and pipeline products. On June28, 2010, in connection with the termination, we received a $170 milliontransition payment from Bristol-Myers Squibb in satisfaction of its obligations under the collaboration agreement to continue to fund its share of development costs for cabozantinib for a period of threemonths following the notice of termination. As a result of the termination, Bristol-Myers Squibbs license relating to cabozantinib terminated and its rights to cabozantinib reverted to us, and we received, subject to certain terms and conditions, licenses from Bristol-Myers Squibb to research, develop and commercialize cabozantinib2007 Cancer CollaborationIn December2006, we entered into a worldwide collaboration with Bristol-Myers Squibb, which became effective in January 2007, to discover, develop and commercialize novel targeted therapies for the treatment of cancer. We were responsible for discovery and preclinical development of small molecule drug candidates directed against mutually selected targets. In January 2007, Bristol-Myers Squibb made an upfront payment of $600 millionto us for which we granted Bristol-Myers Squibb the right to select up to threeIND candidates from sixfuture Exelixis compounds.For each IND candidate selected, we were entitled to receive a $200 millionselection milestone from Bristol-Myers Squibb. Once selected, Bristol-Myers Squibb became responsible for leading the further development and commercialization of the selected IND candidates. In addition, we had the right to opt in to co-promote the selected IND candidates, in which case we would equally share all development costs and profits in the United States. In January2008 and November 2008, Bristol-67Table of ContentsMyers Squibb exercised its option under the collaboration to develop and commercialize BMS-833923 XL139, a Hedgehog inhibitor, and BMS-863233 XL413, a CDC7 inhibitor, respectively. Under the terms of the collaboration agreement, the selection of BMS-833923 XL139 and BMS-863233 XL413 by Bristol-Myers Squibb entitled us to milestone payments of $200 millioneach, which we received in February 2008 and December 2008, respectively. In addition, we exercised our option under the collaboration agreement to co-develop and co-commercialize each of BMS-833923 XL139 and BMS-863233 XL413 in the United States. However, in September 2010, we and Bristol-Myers Squibb terminated the BMS-863233 XL413 program due to an unfavorable pharmacological profile observed in phase 1 clinical evaluation. Additionally, in connection with an amendment to the collaboration which became effective in November 2010, we exercised our right to opt-out of further co-development of BMS-833923 XL139 in consideration for a cash payment of $200 million. As disclosed onClinicalTrials.gov NCT01218477, BMS is continuing to develop BMS-833923 XL139 in combination with dasatinib in aphase 1/2 clinical trial in patients with chronic myeloid leukemia. The collaboration agreement was amended and restated in April 2011 in connection with an assignment of patents to a wholly-owned subsidiary. We have no further responsibility for conducting new activities or funding new development or commercialization activities with respect to BMS-833923 XL139 and will therefore no longer be eligible to share profits on sales of any commercialized products under the collaboration. We will continue to be eligible to receive regulatory and commercial milestones of up to $2600 millionas well as double-digit royalties on any future sales of any products commercialized under the collaboration. As a result of the November 2010 amendment to the collaboration, the research term has ended, and we have no further obligation to deliver to Bristol-Myers Squibb a third IND candidate under the collaboration.Bristol-Myers Squibb may, upon notice to us, terminate the agreement as to any product containing or comprising the selected candidate. In the event of such termination election, Bristol-Myers Squibbs license relating to such product would terminate and revert to us, and we would receive, subject to certain terms and conditions, licenses from Bristol-Myers Squibb to research, develop and commercialize certain collaboration compounds that were discovered.LXR CollaborationIn December 2005, we entered into a collaboration agreement with Bristol-Myers Squibb for the discovery, development and commercialization of novel therapies targeted against LXR, a nuclear hormone receptor implicated in a variety of cardiovascular and metabolic disorders. This agreement became effective in January 2006, at which time we granted Bristol-Myers Squibb an exclusive worldwide license with respect to certain intellectual property primarily relating to compounds that modulate LXR, including BMS-852927 XL041. During the research term, we jointly identified drug candidates with Bristol-Myers Squibb that were ready for IND-enabling studies. After the selection of a drug candidate for further clinical development by Bristol-Myers Squibb, Bristol-Myers Squibb agreed to be solely responsible for further preclinical development as well as clinical development, regulatory, manufacturing and sales/marketing activities for the selected drug candidate. We do not have rights to reacquire the drug candidates selected by Bristol-Myers Squibb. The research term expired in January 2010 and we transferred the technology to Bristol-Myers Squibb in 2011 to enable it to continue the LXR program. The collaboration agreement was amended and restated in April 2011 in connection with an assignment of patents to a wholly-owned subsidiary.Under the collaboration agreement, Bristol-Myers Squibb paid us a nonrefundable upfront cash payment in the amount of $175 millionand was obligated to provide research and development funding of $100 millionper year for an initial research period of twoyears. In September2007, the collaboration was extended at Bristol-Myers Squibbs request through January12, 2009, and in November 2008, the collaboration was further extended at Bristol-Myers Squibbs request through January12, 2010. Under the collaboration agreement, Bristol-Myers Squibb is required to pay us development and regulatory milestones of up to $1380 millionper product for up to twoproducts from the collaboration. In addition, we are also entitled to receive sales milestones of up to $2250 millionand royalties on sales of any products commercialized under the collaboration. In connection with the extension of the collaboration through January 2009 and subsequently through January 2010, Bristol-Myers Squibb paid us additional research funding of approximately $77 millionand approximately $58 million, respectively. In December 2007, we received $50 millionfor achieving a development milestone with respect to BMS-852927 XL041.SanofiIn May 2009, we entered into a global license agreement with Sanofi for SAR245408 XL147 and SAR245409 XL765, leading inhibitors of phosphoinositide-3 kinase PI3K, and a broad collaboration for the discovery of inhibitors of PI3K for the treatment of cancer. The license agreement and collaboration agreement became effective on July7, 2009. In connection with the effectiveness of the license and collaboration, on July20, 2009, we received upfront payments of $1400 million$1200 millionfor the license and $200 millionfor the collaboration, less applicable withholding taxes of $70 million, for a net receipt of $1330 million. We received a refund payment in December 2011 with respect to the withholding taxes previously withheld68Table of ContentsUnder the license agreement, Sanofi received a worldwide exclusive license to SAR245408 XL147 and SAR245409 XL765, which are in phase 1, phase 1b/2 and phase 2 clinical trials, and has sole responsibility for all subsequent clinical, regulatory, commercial and manufacturing activities. Sanofi is responsible for funding all development activities with respect to SAR245408 XL147 and SAR245409 XL765, including our activities. Following the effectiveness of the license agreement, we conducted the majority of the clinical trials for SAR245408 XL147 and SAR245409 XL765 at the expense of Sanofi. As provided for under the license agreement, however, the parties transitioned all development activities for these compounds to Sanofi in 2011. As disclosed on ClinicalTrials.gov, SAR245408 XL147 is currently being studied in clinical trials in combination with an ErbB3 inhibitor in patients with solid tumors NCT01436565 and in patients with advanced or recurrent endometrial cancer NCT01013324. As disclosed on ClinicalTrials.gov, SAR245409 XL765 is currently being studied in clinical trials in patients with lymphoma either as a single agent NCT01403636 or in combination with bendamustine and/or rituximab NCT01410513. In addition SAR245409 XL765 is being studied in combination with a MEK inhibitor in patients with locally advanced or metastatic solid tumors NCT01390818, and in combination with temozolomide with or without radiation in patients with malignant gliomas NCT00704080.We will be eligible to receive development, regulatory and commercial milestones under the license agreement of $7450 millionin the aggregate, as well as royalties on sales of any products commercialized under the license.Sanofi may, upon certain prior notice to us, terminate the license as to products containing SAR245408 XL147 and SAR245409 XL765. In the event of such termination election, Sanofis license relating to such product would terminate and revert to us, and we would receive, subject to certain terms, conditions and potential payment obligations, licenses from Sanofi to research, develop and commercialize such products.In December2011, we and Sanofi entered into an agreement pursuant to which the parties terminated the discovery collaboration agreement and released each other from any potential liabilities arising under the collaboration agreement prior to effectiveness of the termination in December 2011. Each party retains ownership of the intellectual property that it generated under the collaboration agreement, and we granted Sanofi covenants not-to-enforce with respect to certain of our intellectual property rights. The termination agreement also provided that Sanofi would make a payment to us of $153 million, which we received in January 2012. If either party or its affiliate or licensee develops and commercializes a therapeutic product containing an isoform-selective PI3K inhibitor that arose from such partys work or was derived from such work under the collaboration agreement, then such party will be obligated to pay royalties to the other party based upon the net sales of such products. The termination agreement provides that Sanofi will make a one-time milestone payment to us upon the first receipt by Sanofi or its affiliate or licensee of marketing approval for the first therapeutic product containing an isoform-selective PI3K inhibitor that arose from Sanofis work or was derived from such work under the collaboration agreement.GlaxoSmithKlineIn October 2002, we established a collaboration with GlaxoSmithKline to discover and develop novel therapeutics in the areas of vascular biology, inflammatory disease and oncology. The collaboration involved threeagreements: 1a product development and commercialization agreement, 2a stock purchase and stock issuance agreement and 3a loan and security agreement. During the term of the collaboration, we received $650 millionin upfront and milestone payments, $850 millionin research and development funding and loans in the principal amount of $850 million. In connection with the collaboration, GlaxoSmithKline purchased a total of three millionshares of our common stock.In October 2008, the development term under the collaboration concluded as scheduled. Under the terms of the collaboration, GlaxoSmithKline had the right to select up to twoof the compounds in the collaboration for further development and commercialization. GlaxoSmithKline selected foretinib XL880, an inhibitor of MET and VEGFR2, and had the right to choose one additional compound from a pool of compounds, which consisted of cabozantinib, XL281, XL228, XL820 and XL844 as of the end of the development term.In July 2008, we achieved proof-of-concept for cabozantinib and submitted the corresponding data report to GlaxoSmithKline. In October 2008, GlaxoSmithKline notified us in writing that it decided not to select cabozantinib for further development and commercialization and that it waived its right to select XL281, XL228, XL820 and XL844 for further development and commercialization. As a result, we retained the rights to develop, commercialize, and/or license all of the compounds, subject to payment to GlaxoSmithKline of a 3%royalty on net sales of any product incorporating cabozantinib. We have discontinued development of XL820, XL228 and XL844.GlaxoSmithKline continues to develop foretinib XL880, and as disclosed on ClinicalTrials.gov, is currentlyrecruiting patients into phase 1/2 trials studying the activity of foretinib in metastatic breast cancer both as a single agentNCT01147484 and in combination with lapatinib NCT0113838469Table of ContentsThe $850 millionloan we received from GlaxoSmithKline was repayable in threeannual installments. We paid the final installment of principal and accrued interest under the loan in shares of our common stock on October27, 2011 and GlaxoSmithKline subsequently released its related security interest in certain of our patents.MerckIn December2011, we entered into an agreement with Merck pursuant to which we granted Merck an exclusive worldwide license to our PI3K-delta PI3K-d program, including XL499 and other related compounds. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement, Merck will have sole responsibility to research, develop, and commercialize compounds from our PI3K-d program. The agreement became effective in December2011.Merck paid us an upfront cash payment of $120 millionin January 2012 in connection with the agreement. We will be eligible to receive potential development and regulatory milestone payments for multiple indications of up to $2390 million. We will also be eligible to receive combined sales performance milestones and royalties on net-sales of products emerging from the agreement. Milestones and royalties are payable on compounds emerging from our PI3K-d program or from certain compounds that arise from Mercks internal discovery efforts targeting PI3K-d during a certain period.Merck may at any time, upon specified prior notice to us, terminate the license. In addition, either party may terminate the agreement for the other partys uncured material breach. In the event of termination by Merck at will or by us for Mercks uncured material breach, the license granted to Merck would terminate. In the event of a termination by us for Mercks uncured material breach, we would receive a royalty-free license from Merck to develop and commercialize certain joint products. In the event of termination by Merck for our uncured material breach, Merck would retain the licenses from us, and we would receive reduced royalties from Merck on commercial sales of products.Daiichi SankyoIn March 2006, we entered into a collaboration agreement with Daiichi Sankyo Company Limited Daiichi Sankyo for the discovery, development and commercialization of novel therapies targeted against the mineralocorticoid receptor MR, a nuclear hormone receptor implicated in a variety of cardiovascular and metabolic diseases. Under the terms of the agreement, we granted to Daiichi Sankyo an exclusive, worldwide license to certain intellectual property primarily relating to compounds that modulate MR, including CS-3150 XL550. Daiichi Sankyo is responsible for all further preclinical and clinical development, regulatory, manufacturing and commercialization activities for the compounds and we do not have rights to reacquire such compounds, except as described below.Daiichi Sankyo paid us a nonrefundable upfront payment in the amount of $200 millionand was obligated to provide research and development funding of $38 millionover a 15-month research term. In June 2007, our collaboration agreement with Daiichi Sankyo was amended to extend the research term by sixmonths over which Daiichi Sankyo was required to provide $15 millionin research and development funding. In November 2007, the parties decided not to further extend the research term. For each product from the collaboration, we are also entitled to receive payments upon attainment of pre-specified development, regulatory and commercialization milestones. In December 2010, we received a milestone payment of $50 millionin connection with an IND filing made by Daiichi Sankyo for CS-3150 XL550 and, in August 2012, we received a milestone of $55 millionin connection with the initiation of a phase 2 clinical trial for CS-3150 XL550. We are eligible to receive additional development, regulatory and commercialization milestones of up to $1450 million. In addition, we are also entitled to receive royalties on any sales of certain products commercialized under the collaboration. Daiichi Sankyo may terminate the agreement upon 90 days written notice in which case Daiichi Sankyos payment obligations would cease, its license relating to compounds that modulate MR would terminate and revert to us and we would receive, subject to certain terms and conditions, licenses from Daiichi Sankyo to research, develop and commercialize compounds that were discovered under the collaboration.NOTE 3. DISPOSITION OF ARTEMIS PHARMACEUTICALSIn November2007 we entered into a share sale and transfer agreement with Taconic Farms, Inc., Taconic, pursuant to which Taconic acquired from us, for $198 millionin cash, 801%of the outstanding share capital in our wholly-owned subsidiary, Artemis Pharmaceuticals GmbH Artemis, located in Cologne, Germany. Subsequent to the transaction, Artemis was renamed TaconicArtemis GmbH. In September2011 we exercised our right to sell our remaining 199%interest in Artemis to Taconic. We received $30 millionin consideration of our remaining 199%interest in December 2011, and we recognized a gain of $23 millionafter consideration of foreign currency and the write off of the carrying value of our investment in Artemis70Table of ContentsNOTE 4. RESTRUCTURINGSWe implemented restructurings in March 2010 and December 2010 as a consequence of our decision to focus our proprietary resources and development efforts on the development and commercialization of cabozantinib. We implemented additional restructurings in March 2011and May 2012 the 2010, 2011 and 2012 restructurings are referred to collectively as the Restructurings. The aggregate reduction in headcount from the Restructurings is 422employees. During the three years ended December31, 2012, we have recorded aggregate restructuring charges of $521 millionin connection with the Restructurings, of which $212 millionrelated to termination benefits, $286 millionrelated to facility charges, $22 millionnet related to the impairment of excess equipment and other assets, and a minor amount of legal and other fees. Asset impairment charges were partially offset by cash proceeds of $26 millionfrom the sale of such assets.Our March 2010 restructuring charge was primarily related to termination benefits and facility related charges resulting from the closure of our facility in San Diego, California, and one of our South San Francisco facilities, which took into consideration a sublease that commenced in September 2010. The December 2010 restructuring charge was primarily related to termination benefits resulting from additional reductions in our workforce. Our 2011 restructuring charge was primarily facility-related charges that relate to portions of twoadditional buildings in South San Francisco and took into consideration our entry into twosublease agreements for the majority of one of these buildings in July 2011 as well as charges relating to the short-term exit of the second floor of another building in December 2011. The 2012 restructuring charge was primarily related to termination benefits in May 2012 and the December 2012 determination to extend disuse of most of the remaining space in one building for the remainder of the lease term.The total outstanding restructuring liability related to the Restructurings is included in current and long-term portion of restructuring on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. The components and changes of these liabilities during the years ended December31, 2012, 2011and 2010are summarized in the following table in  Other    or non-cash credits including stock compensation  from sale of assets168168Ending accrual balance as of December31,    or non-cash credits including stock compensation  from sale of assets1,5261,526Ending accrual balance as of December31,    or non-cash credits including stock compensation  from sale of assets938938Ending accrual balance as of December31, 2012$$19,202$$20$19,222We expect to pay the accrued facility charges of $192 million, net of cash received from our subtenants, through 2017, or the end of our lease terms of the buildings. With respect to our Restructurings, we expect to incur additional restructuring charges of $32 millionrelating to certain of our South San Francisco facilities that we planned to exit at a future date and which remained in use as of December 31, 2012. These charges will be recorded through the end the building lease 71Table of Contentsterms, the last of which ends in 2017.During the three years ended December31, 2012, the Restructurings resulted in cash expenditures of $287 million, net of $26 millionin cash received in connection with the sale of excess equipment and other assets.The restructuring charges that we expect to incur in connection with the Restructurings are subject to a number of assumptions, and actual results may materially differ. We may also incur other material charges not currently contemplated due to events that may occur as a result of, or associated with, the Restructurings.NOTE 5. CASH AND INVESTMENTSThe following table summarizes cash and cash equivalents, investments, and restricted cash and investments by balance sheet line item as of December31, 2012and 2011in thousands:December 31,  ValueAs reported:Cash and cash   restricted cash and   restricted cash and  cash and  31,  ValueAs reported:Cash and cash    restricted cash and investments4,1994,199Total cash and  our loan and security agreement with Silicon Valley Bank, we are required to maintain compensating balances on deposit in one or more investment accounts with Silicon Valley Bank and certain other designated financial institutions. The total collateral balances as of December31, 2012and 2011 were $870 millionand $853 million, respectively and are reflected in our Consolidated Balance Sheets in Short- and Long-term investments. See Note 7 - Debt for more information regarding the collateral balance requirements under our Silicon Valley Bank loan and security agreement72Table of ContentsAll of our cash and investments are classified as available-for-sale. The following table summarizes our cash and investments by security type as of December31, 2012and 2011in thousands:December 31,  ValueCash and money market  paper167,2238167,231Corporate  Treasury and government sponsored  bonds30,047330,044Total cash and  31,  ValueCash and money market    government sponsored  bonds19,488319,485Total cash and  of December31, 2012, the fair value of investments that were in an unrealized loss position was $1961 million, including $1586 millionin corporate bonds. All investments in an unrealized loss position have been so for less than one yearand the unrealized losses were not attributed to credit risk. Based on the scheduled maturities of our investments, we concluded that the unrealized losses in our investment securities are not other-than-temporary, as it is more likely than not that we will hold these investments for a period of time sufficient for a recovery of our cost basis.The following summarizes the fair value of securities classified as available-for-sale by contractual maturity as of December31, 2012in thousands:Mature within One YearAfter One Year through Two YearsFair ValueMoney market  paper167,231167,231Corporate bonds126,89695,053221,949U.S. Treasury and government sponsored   classification of certain compensating balances and restricted investments are dependent upon the term of the underlying restriction on the asset and not the maturity date of the investment. Therefore, certain long-term investments and long-term restricted cash and investments have contractual maturities within one year. 73Table of ContentsNOTE 6. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENTProperty and equipment consisted of the following in   equipment and software11,89711,743Furniture and fixtures3,2303,230Leasehold  accumulated depreciation and  and equipment, net$6,059$8,506For the years ended December31, 2012, 2011and 2010, we recorded depreciation expense of $48 million, $68 millionand $105 million, respectively. In 2012, 2011and 2010, we recorded gross asset impairment charges in the amounts of approximately $03 million, $05 millionand $32 million, respectively, in connection with the Restructurings. The amount recorded as a restructuring charge for asset impairment, as presented in Note 4 - Restructurings, was net of the gain on the sale of such assets. In 2012and 2011, the gain on the sale of such assets was $03 millionand $14 million, respectively. Cash proceeds on those sales were $09 million, $15 million, and $02 millionduring 2012, 2011, and 2010, respectively.NOTE 7. DEBTThe amortized carrying amount of our debt consists of the following in  Senior Subordinated Notes due 2019$149,800$Deerfield Notes100,67691,385Silicon Valley Bank term loan80,00080,000Silicon Valley Bank Line of Credit5,26010,130Total debt335,736181,515Less: current   Senior Subordinated Notes due 2019 and Related Concurrent Offering of Our Common StockOn August 14, 2012, we issued and sold $2875 millionaggregate principal amount of 425%convertible senior subordinated notes due 2019 the 2019 Notes. On that date we completed concurrent registered underwritten public offerings in which we sold the 2019 Notes and 345 millionshares of common stock at a price of $425per share, generating aggregate net proceeds of $4161 million. The convertible debt offering resulted in net proceeds of $2777 millionafter deducting the underwriting discountand offering expenses of $93 millionand $05 million, respectively. The equity offering resulted in net proceeds of $1384 millionafter deducting the underwriting discount of$77 millionand other expenses of $05 million.The 2019 Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture, as supplemented by a supplemental indenture with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee the Trustee, and mature on August15, 2019, unless earlier converted, redeemed or repurchased. The 2019 Notes bear interest at the rate of 425%per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year, beginning February 15, 2013. Subject to certain terms and conditions, at any time on or after August15, 2016, we may redeem for cash all or a portion of the 2019 Notes. The redemption price will equal 100%of the principal amount of the 2019 Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. 74Table of ContentsUpon the occurrence of certain circumstances, holders may convert their 2019 Notesprior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding May15, 2019. On or after May15, 2019, until the close of business on the second trading day immediately preceding August15, 2019, holders may surrender their 2019 Notes for conversion at any time. Upon conversion, we will pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, at our election. The initial conversion rate of 1882353shares of common stock per $1,000principal amount of 2019 Notes is equivalent to a conversion price of approximately $531per share of common stock. The conversion rate is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events.In connection with the convertible debt offering, $365 millionof the proceeds were deposited into an escrow account which contains an amount of permitted securities sufficient to fund, when due, the total aggregate amount of the first sixscheduled semi-annual interest payments on the 2019 Notes. The amount held in the escrow account is classified on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as Short-term restricted cash and investments and Restricted cash and investments of $122 millionand $243 million, respectively, as of December31, 2012. We have pledged our interest in the escrow account to the Trustee as security for our obligations under the 2019 Notes.The 2019 Notes are accounted for in accordance with ASC Subtopic 470-20, Debt with Conversion and Other Options. Under ASC Subtopic 470-20, issuers of certain convertible debt instruments that have a net settlement feature and may be settled in cash upon conversion, including partial cash settlement, are required to separately account for the liability debt and equity conversion option components of the instrument. The carrying amount of the liability component of any outstanding debt instrument is computed by estimating the fair value of a similar liability without the conversion option. The amount of the equity component is then calculated by deducting the fair value of the liability component from the principal amount of the convertible debt instrument. The effective interest rate used in determining the liability component of the 2019 Notes was 1009%. This resulted in the recognition of $1443 millionas the liability component and the residual $1432 millionas the debt discount with a corresponding increase to paid-in capital, the equity component, for the 2019 Notes. The underwriting discount of $93 millionand offering expenses of $05 millionwere allocated between debt issuance costs and equity issuance costs in proportion to the allocation of the proceeds. Debt issuance costs of $49 millionare included in Other long term assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of the issuance date. Equity issuance costs of $49 millionrelated to the convertible debt offering were recorded as an offset to additional paid-in capital. We have adjusted the initially recorded balance of the liability component from $1492 millionto $1443 millionand the balance of equity component from $1383 millionto $1432 millionfor the 2019 Notes along with the allocation of offering costs between debt and equity from the amounts originally reported in the Notes to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 28, 2012 due to the finalization of the determination of the appropriate effective interest rate.The following is a summary of the liability component of the 2019 Notes as of December31, 2012in thousands:December 31, 2012Net carrying amount of the liability component$149,800Unamortized discount of the liability component137,700Face amount of the 2019 Notes$287,500The debt discount and debt issuance costs are amortized as interest expense through August 2019. During 2012, total interest expense related to the 2019 Notes was $103 million, relating to the 425%stated coupon rate and the amortization of the debt discount and debt issuance costs. The non-cash expense relating to the amortization of the debt discount and debt issuance costs during 2012was $57 million. The balance of unamortized fees and costs was $47 millionas of December 31, 2012, which is recorded in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet as Other assets. Secured Convertible Notes due June 2015In June2010, we entered into a note purchase agreement with Deerfield Management Company L.P. Deerfield, pursuant to which, on July1, 2010, we sold to Deerfield an aggregate of $1240 millioninitial principal amount of our Secured Convertible Notes due June 2015 the Deerfield Notes for an aggregate purchase price of $800 million, less closing fees and expenses of approximately $20 million. On August 6, 2012, the parties amended the note purchase agreement to permit the issuance of the 2019 Notes and modify certain optional prepayment rights. The amendment became effective upon the issuance of the 2019 Notes and the payment to Deerfield of a $15 millionconsent fee. As of December 31, 2012, all of the principal 75Table of Contentsbalance remains outstanding. The non-cash expense relating to the amortization of the debt discount and debt issuance costs during 2012was $99 million. The outstanding principal amount of the Deerfield Notes bears interest in the annual amount of $60 million, payable quarterly in arrears. In January 2013, we made a mandatory prepayment of $100 millionon the Deerfield Notes. We will be required to make additional mandatory prepayments on the Deerfield Notes on an annual basis in 2014 and 2015 equal to 15%of specified payments from our collaborative arrangements received during the prior fiscal year, subject to a maximum annual prepayment amount of $275 million. There is a minimum required prepayment amount of $100 milliondue in January 2014. There is no minimum prepayment due in 2015. We may also prepay all or a portion not less than $50 million of the principal amount of the Deerfield Notes at an optional prepayment price based on a discounted principal amount during the first three years of the term, subject to a prepayment premium determined as of the date of prepayment, plus accrued and unpaid interest, plus in the case of a prepayment of the full principal amount of the Deerfield Notes other than prepayments upon the occurrence of specified transactions relating to a change of control or a substantial sale of assets, all accrued interest that would have accrued between the date of such prepayment and the next anniversary of the note purchase agreement. Pursuant to the amendment of the note purchase agreement, any optional prepayment of the Deerfield Notes made on or prior to July 2, 2013 will be determined as if such prepayment occurred as of July 3, 2013. In lieu of making any optional or mandatory prepayment in cash, subject to certain limitations including a cap on the number of shares issuable under the note purchase agreement, we have the right to convert all or a portion of the principal amount of the Deerfield Notes into, or satisfy all or any portion of the optional prepayment amounts or mandatory prepayment amounts other than the $100 millionmandatory prepayment required in January 2014 and any optional prepayments made prior to July 3, 2013 with shares of our common stock. Additionally, in lieu of making any payment of accrued and unpaid interest in respect of the Deerfield Notes in cash, subject to certain limitations, we may elect to satisfy any such payment with shares of our common stock. The number of shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion or in settlement of principal and interest obligations will be based upon the discounted trading price of our common stock over a specified trading period. Upon certain changes of control of our company, a sale or transfer of assets in one transaction or a series of related transactions for a purchase price of more than $400 millionor a sale or transfer of more than 50%of our assets, Deerfield may require us to prepay the notes at the optional prepayment price, plus accrued and unpaid interest and any other accrued and reimbursable expenses the Put Price. Upon an event of default, Deerfield may declare all or a portion of the Put Price to be immediately due and payable.We also entered into a security agreement in favor of Deerfield which provides that our obligations under the Deerfield Notes will be secured by substantially all of our assets except intellectual property. The note purchase agreement and the security agreement include customary representations and warranties and covenants made by us, including restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness. The balance of unamortized fees and costs was $23 millionas of December 31, 2012, which is recorded in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet as Other assets. Silicon Valley Bank Loan and Security AgreementThe outstanding principal obligation under the Silicon Valley Bank Loan and Security Agreement, as amended, was $853 millionand $901 millionas of December31, 2012and 2011, respectively. Silicon Valley Bank Line of CreditIn December 2007, we entered into a loan modification agreement to a loan and security agreement originally entered into in May 2002 with Silicon Valley Bank. The terms associated with the original line of credit under the May 2002 agreement and the subsequent loan modifications were not modified. The December 2007 loan modification agreement provides for an additional equipment line of credit in the amount of up to $300 millionwith a draw down period of approximately twoyears the Line of Credit. Each advance must be repaid in 48equal, monthly installments of principal, plus accrued interest, at an annual rate of 075%fixed. In December 2009, we amended the agreement and extended the draw down period on the Line-of-Credit for an additional 18 monthsthrough June 2011 and increased the available principal amount under the line of credit from $300 millionto $336 million. Pursuant to the terms of the amendment, we were required to make minimum draws of $25 millionevery 6 monthsthrough June 2011, for total additional draws of $75 million. The loan facility requires security for the Line of Credit in the form of a non-interest bearing certificate of deposit account with the bank, in an amount equal to at least 100%of the outstanding obligations under the line of credit. In June 2008, we drew down $136 millionunder this agreement, in December 2009, we drew down $50 million, and we drew down an additional $25 million in each of June 2010, December 2010 and June 2011 in accordance with the terms of the modified agreement. In accordance with the amended loan terms, the Line of Credit has expired and we have no further draw down obligations under the line of credit. The outstanding principal obligation under the Silicon Valley Bank Line of Credit was $53 millionand $101 millionas of December31, 2012and 2011, respectively. 76Table of ContentsSilicon Valley Bank Term LoanIn June2010, we amended our loan and security agreement with Silicon Valley Bank to provide for a new seven-year term loan in the amount of $800 million. The principal amount outstanding under the term loan accrues interest at 10%per annum, which interest is due and payable monthly. We are required to repay the term loan in oneballoon principal payment, representing 100%of the principal balance and accrued and unpaid interest, on May31, 2017. We have the option to prepay all, but not less than all, of the amounts advanced under the term loan, provided that we pay all unpaid accrued interest thereon that is due through the date of such prepayment and the interest on the entire principal balance of the term loan that would otherwise have been paid after such prepayment date until the maturity date of the term loan. We are required to maintain at all times on deposit in oneor more non-interest bearing demand deposit accounts with Silicon Valley Bank or oneof its affiliates a compensating balance, constituting support for the obligations under the term loan, with a principal balance in value equal to at least 100%of the outstanding principal balance of the term loan.In August 2011, we amended our term loan agreement to allow for the compensating balance to be maintained on deposit in one or more investment accounts with Silicon Valley Bank and certain other designated financial institutions. This compensating balance is to have a value equal to at least 100%, but not to exceed 107%, of the outstanding principal balance of the term loan and all lines of credit associated with Silicon Valley Bank. We are entitled to retain income earned on the amounts maintained in such investment accounts. Any amounts outstanding under the term loan during the continuance of an event of default under the loan and security agreement will, at the election of Silicon Valley Bank, bear interest at a per annum rate equal to 60%. If one or more events of default under the loan and security agreement occurs and continues beyond any applicable cure period, Silicon Valley Bank may declare all or part of the obligations under the loan and security agreement to be immediately due and payable and stop advancing money or extending credit to us under the loan and security agreement. The total collateral balance as of December31, 2012and 2011 was $870 millionand $853 million, respectively, and is reflected in our Consolidated Balance Sheet in Short- and Long-term Investments as the amounts are not restricted as to withdrawal. However, withdrawal of some or all of this amount such that the collateral balance falls below the required level could result in Silicon Valley Bank declaring the obligation immediately due and payable.Future Principal PaymentsAggregate expected future principal payments of our debt were as follows as of December31, 2012in thousands:Year Ending December31,  include principal payments associated with the accretion of discounts and debt issuance costs. This table assumes we will make the minimum mandatory prepayment on the Deerfield Notes in January 2014 as required by the note purchase agreement. The actual timing of payments made may differ materially.NOTE 8. COMMON STOCK AND WARRANTSSale of Shares of Common StockIn March 2011, we completed a registered public offering of 173 millionshares of our common stock at a price of $1100 per share pursuant to a shelf registration statement previously filed with the SEC, which the SEC declared effective on May8, 2009. We received approximately $1794 millionin net proceeds from the offering after deducting the underwriting discount and related offering expenses.In February 2012, we completed a registered public offering of 127 millionshares of our common stock at a price of $517 per share pursuant to a shelf registration statement previously filed with the SEC, which the SEC declared effective on May8, 2009. We received $650 millionin net proceeds from the offering after deducting the underwriting discount and related offering expenses.In August 2012, we completed a registered underwritten public offering of 345 millionshares of our common stock 77Table of Contentsat a price of $425per share pursuant to a shelf registration statement previously filed with the SEC. We received $1384 millionin net proceeds after deducting the underwriting discount of$77 millionand related offering expenses of $05 million. Concurrent with the issuance of the common stock, we sold $2875 millionaggregate principal amount of the Convertible Senior Subordinated Notes due 2019 pursuant to the same registered public offering. See Note 7 - Debt for more information regarding the 2019 Notes.Conversion of Debt into Common StockIn October 2011, we elected to repay the third and final installment of an outstanding loan from GlaxoSmithKline in shares of our common stock. The shares issued in connection with this repayment were valued at $666per share, resulting in the issuance of 5,537,906shares of our common stock as satisfaction in full of our remaining remaining $369 millionrepayment obligation, including $80 millionin accrued interest. The 2019 Notes and the Deerfield Notes are, under certain circumstances, convertible into shares of our common stock. See Note 7 - Debt for more information regarding the conversion features of these instruments.WarrantsAt December31, 2012, the following warrants to purchase common stock were outstanding and  2008$740June4, 20141,000,000June10, 2009$605June10, 2014441,2151,441,215The warrants issued in June 2008 were granted to Deerfield pursuant to a facility agreement that expired in 2009.The warrants issued in June 2009 were granted to Symphony Evolution Holdings LLC, the parent company of Symphony Evolution, Inc., in connection with a financing transaction that terminated in June 2009. The rights to those warrants were subsequently transferred to other parties. NOTE 9. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTSThe fair value of our financial instruments reflects the amounts that would be received upon sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date exit price. The fair value hierarchy has the following three levels:Level 1 quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities.Level 2 observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities. These inputs include using prices from independent pricing services based on quoted prices in active markets for similar instruments or on industry models using data inputs, such as interest rates and prices that can be directly observed or corroborated in active markets. Level 3unobservable inputs.A review of the fair value hierarchy classification is conducted on a quarterly basis. Changes in the observability of valuation inputs may result in a reclassification of levels for certain investments within the fair value hierarchy. There were no transfers between any of the fair value hierarchies, as determined at the end of each reporting period. 78Table of ContentsThe following table sets forth the fair value of our financial assets that were measured and recorded on a recurring basis as of December31, 2012and 2011. The amounts presented exclude cash, but include investments classified as cash equivalents in thousands:December 31, 2012Level 1Level2Level3TotalMoney market  paper167,231167,231Corporate bonds221,949221,949U.S. Treasury and government sponsored   31, 2011Level 1Level2Level3TotalMoney market  paper29,08029,080Corporate bonds115,921115,921U.S. government sponsored   estimated fair value of our financial instruments that are carried at amortized cost for which it is practicable to determine a fair value was as follows in thousands:December31, 2012December31, 2011Carrying AmountFair ValueCarrying AmountFair ValueConvertible Senior Subordinated Notes due 2019$149,800$280,111$$Silicon Valley Bank term  Valley Bank Line of  is no practicable method to determine the fair value of the Deerfield Notes due to the unique structure of the instrument that was financed by entities affiliated with Deerfield and the current non-liquid market in structured notes. The carrying amounts of cash, other receivables, accounts payable and accrued clinical trial liabilities approximate their fair values and are excluded from the tables above. The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of each class of financial instrument for which it is practicable to estimate that value:When available, we value investments based on quoted prices for those financial instruments, which is a Level 1 input. Our remaining investments are valued using third-party pricing sources, which use observable market prices, interest rates and yield curves observable at commonly quoted intervals of similar assets as observable inputs for pricing, which is a Level 2 input. The fair value of the 2019 Notes is based on the average trading prices, which is a Level 1 input. The 2019 Notes are not marked-to-market and are shown at their initial fair value less unamortized discount; the portion of the value allocated to the conversion option is included in stockholders' equity in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. See Note 7 - Debt for further information regarding the 2019 Notes. We have estimated the fair value of our other debt instruments, where possible, using the net present value of the payments discounted at an interest rate that is consistent with money-market rates that would have been earned on our non-interest-bearing compensating balances, which is a Level 2 input. 79Table of ContentsNOTE 10. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANSEquity Incentive PlansWe have several equity incentive plans under which we have granted incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options and RSUs to employees, directors and consultants. The Board of Directors or a designated Committee of the Board is responsible for administration of our employee equity incentive plans and determines the term, exercise price and vesting terms of each option. Prior to 2011, options issued to our employees had a four-yearvesting term, an exercise price equal to the fair market value on the date of grant, and a tenyear life from the date of grant 62years for options issued in exchange for options cancelled under our 2009 option exchange program On May18, 2011, at the annual meeting of stockholders, the Exelixis, Inc. 2011 Equity Incentive Plan the 2011 Plan was approved and adopted as the successor plan to the certain other equity incentive plans. Stock options issued under the 2011 Plan have a four-year vesting term, an exercise price equal to the fair market value on the date of grant, and a sevenyear life from the date of grant. During 2012, 755,792stock options were granted subject to performance objectives tied to the achievement of clinical goals set by the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors and will vest in full or part based on achievement of such goals. As of December 31, 2012, we have assumed that achievement of those performance objectives is probable. In the event a performance measure is not achieved at or above a specified threshold level, the portion of the award tied to such performance measure is forfeited. RSUs vest annually over a four year term.In December2005, our Board of Directors adopted a Change in Control and Severance Benefit Plan the Plan for executives and certain non-executives. Eligible Plan participants include our employees with the title of vice president and higher. If a participants employment is terminated without cause during a period commencing one month before and ending thirteen months following a change in control, then the Plan participant is entitled to have the vesting of all of such participants stock options accelerated with the exercise period being extended to no more than one year. Employee Stock Purchase PlanIn January 2000, we adopted the 2000 Employee Stock Purchase Plan the ESPP. The ESPP allows for qualified employees as defined in the ESPP to purchase shares of our common stock at a price equal to the lower of 85%of the closing price at the beginning of the offering period or 85%of the closing price at the end of each six month purchase period. Compensation expense related to our ESPP was $04 million, $07 million, and $13 millionfor the years ended December31, 2012, 2011and 2010, respectively. As of December31, 2012, we had 2,386,667shares available for grant under our ESPP. We issued 298,533shares, 375,305shares, and 689,093shares of common stock during the years ended December31, 2012, 2011and 2010, respectively, pursuant to the ESPP at an average price per share of $408, $462, and $455, respectively.Stock-Based CompensationWe recorded and allocated employee stock-based compensation expense for the Plan and the ESPP as follows in thousands:Year Ended  and development  and administrative  stock compensation expense6251,505Total employee stock-based compensation expense$8,781$12,019$20,971In addition, we recognized stock-based compensation expense of $01 millionrelating to nonemployees in each of the years ended December31, 2012, 2011and 2010.In July 2010, our former Chief Executive Officer, George A. Scangos, Ph.D., resigned as an employee of Exelixis and in connection with such resignation agreed to cancel unvested stock options exercisable for 981,302shares of our common stock and unvested RSUs with respect to 101,050shares of our common stock. Due to Dr.Scangos continued services as a director of Exelixis he was entitled to retain his stock options and RSUs. Therefore, we treated the cancellation as a modification of his stock option and RSU agreements and in 2010 recorded a non-cash compensation charge of approximately $15 millionto our Consolidated Statements of Operations.We use the Black-Scholes option pricing model to value our stock options. The expected life computation is based on 80Table of Contentshistorical exercise patterns and post-vesting termination behavior. We considered implied volatility as well as our historical volatility in developing our estimate of expected volatility. The fair value of employee share-based payments awards was estimated using the following assumptions and weighted average fair values:Stock Options201220112010Weighted average grant-date fair value$324$350$360Risk-free interest rate081%107%225%Dividend  life56 years55 years52 yearsESPP201220112010Weighted average grant-date fair value$207$285$187Risk-free interest rate010%011%021%Dividend  life6 months6 months6 monthsA summary of all option activity was as follows for the periods presented dollars in thousands, except per share   outstanding at December31,  outstanding at December31,  outstanding at December31,  outstanding at December31, 201218,448,550$685460 years$90,240Exercisable at December31, 201213,128,876$735385 years$77,703At December31, 2012a total of 8,632,907shares were available for grant under our stock option plans.The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total intrinsic value the difference between our closing stock price on the last trading day of fiscal 2012and the exercise prices, multiplied by the number of in-the-money options that would have been received by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options on December31, 2012. Total intrinsic value of options exercised was $01 million, $70 million, and $08 millionduring 2012, 2011and 2010, respectively. Total fair value of employee options vested and expensed in 2012, 2011and 2010was $56 million, $84 million, and $162 million, respectively81Table of ContentsThe following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding and exercisable at December31, 2012:Options OutstandingOptions Outstanding andExercisableExercise Price     -  -  -  -  -  of December31, 2012, $147 millionof total unrecognized compensation expense related to stock options is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 297 years. Cash received from option exercises and purchases under the ESPP in 2012 and 2011 was $21 millionand $142 million, respectively. A summary of all RSU activity was as follows for all periods presented dollars in thousands, except per share  outstanding at December 31,  outstanding at December 31,  outstanding at December 31,  outstanding at December 31, 20121,294,621$607178 years$5,839As of December31, 2012, $60 millionof total unrecognized compensation expense related to employee RSUs was expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 292 years401k Retirement PlanWe sponsor a 401k Retirement Plan whereby eligible employees may elect to contribute up to the lesser of 50%of their annual compensation or the statutorily prescribed annual limit allowable under Internal Revenue Service regulations. The 401k Retirement Plan permits us to make matching contributions on behalf of all participants. Beginning in 2002 through 2010, we matched 50%of the first 4%of participant contributions into the 401k Retirement Plan in the form of our common stock. Beginning in January 2011, we matched 100%of the first 3%of participant contributions into the 401k Retirement Plan in the form of our common stock. We recorded expense of $06 million, $08 million, and $10 millionrelated to the stock match for the years ended December31, 2012, 2011and 2010, respectively82Table of ContentsNOTE 11. INCOME TAXESWe recorded an income tax provision benefit of $01 million, $13 millionand $01 millionfor the periods ended December31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. In 2010, we recorded an income tax benefit as a result of the enactment of the Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008. Under this Act, corporations otherwise eligible for bonus first-year depreciation could instead elect to claim a refundable credit for RD tax credits generated prior to 2006. This tax benefit was extended for tax year 2009 with the enactment of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Tax Act of 2009. Approximately $01 millionand $06 millionof the 2012 and 2011 provisions, respectively, relate to adjustments of the refund received in 2009 and 2010 under these Acts after we further evaluated the qualified expenses from which the refund calculation was originally based. The remaining 2011 amount of $07 millionrelates to a tax deferred revenue adjustment that resulted in a state tax liability due to state net operating loss carryover limitations. The income tax provision benefit is based on the following loss income before income taxes, all of which are from domestic sources in thousands:Year Ended December31,201220112010Loss income before income  reconciliation of income taxes at the statutory federal income tax rate to out income tax provision benefit included in the Consolidated Statements of Operations is as follows in thousands:Year Ended December31,201220112010U.S. federal income tax provision benefit at statutory  net operating  interest3,2972,809Stock-based compensation5046271,709State tax expense74660Refundable tax  tax provision  tax assets and liabilities reflect the net tax effects of net operating loss and tax credit carry-forwards and temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting and the amounts used for income tax purposes83Table of ContentsOur deferred tax assets and liabilities consist of the following in  tax assets:Net operating loss  credit  of deferred stock compensation  and reserves not currently deductible13,7326,522Deferred revenue6,50118,400Book over tax depreciation and  research and development costs805Total deferred tax assets491,274431,499Valuation  deferred tax assets53,008Deferred tax liabilities:Convertible debt53,008Total deferred tax liabilities53,008Net deferred taxes$$Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon future earnings, if any, the timing and amount of which are uncertain. Accordingly, the net deferred tax assets have been fully offset by a valuation allowance. The valuation allowance increased by $68million, decreased by $497 million, and increased by $252 millionduring 2012, 2011, and 2010, respectively.At December31, 2012, we had federal net operating loss carry-forwards of approximately $1,007 millionwhich expire in the years 2018through 2032, and federal business tax credits of approximately $75 millionwhich expire in the years 2020through 2029. We also had net operating loss carry-forwards for California of approximately $880 million, which expire in the years 2013through 2032, and California research and development tax credits of approximately $26 millionwhich have no expiration.Under the Internal Revenue Code and similar state provisions, certain substantial changes in our ownership could result in an annual limitation on the amount of net operating loss and credit carry-forwards that can be utilized in future years to offset future taxable income. The annual limitation may result in the expiration of net operating losses and credit carry-forwards before utilization.We track the portion of our deferred tax assets attributable to stock option benefits; these amounts are no longer included in our gross or net deferred tax assets. The tax benefit of stock options total $62 millionat December31, 2012 and will only be recorded when we realize a reduction in taxes payable.Accounting Standards Codification Topic 740-10 clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes by prescribing the recognition threshold a tax position is required to meet before being recognized in the financial statements. It also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition. The following table summarizes the activity related to our unrecognized tax benefits for the years ended December31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 in thousands:Year Ended   decrease relating to prior year  relating to current year   in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits as of December31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 are $01 million, $01 million, and $0, respectively, of tax benefits that if recognized would affect the effective tax rate. All of our deferred tax assets are subject to a valuation allowance. As of December31, 2012, and 2011 we had an accrued interest balance of $15 thousand84Table of Contentsand $9 thousand, related to tax contingencies. Interest expense related to those tax contingencies was $6 thousandand $9 thousandduring the years ended December31, 2012, and 2011, respectively. There was nointerest accrued as of December 31, 2010 and no penalties were recognized or accrued during any of the periods presented. Any tax-related interest and penalties are included in income tax provision benefit in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. We do not anticipate that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits existing as of December31, 2012 will significantly decrease over the next 12 months.We file U.S. and state income tax returns in jurisdictions with varying statues of limitations during which such tax returns may be audited and adjusted by the relevant tax authorities. The 1996 through 2012 years generally remain subject to examination by federal and most state tax authorities to the extent of net operating losses and credits generated during these periods and are being utilized in the open tax periods. NOTE 12. NET LOSS INCOME PER SHAREThe following table sets forth a reconciliation of basic and diluted net income loss per share in thousands, except per share  loss  used in computing basic loss income per share  effect of dilutive securities:Shares issuable upon exercise of outstanding stock options2,064Shares issuable upon exercise of warrants1,858Shares issuable upon vesting of RSUs515Shares issuable upon purchase from ESPP contributions24Total dilutive securities4,461Shares used in computing diluted loss income per share  loss income per share, basic$092$060$085Net loss income per share,  net loss income per share gives effect to potential incremental common shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options and warrants, upon vesting of RSUs, upon the purchase from contributions to ESPP calculated based on the treasury stock method, and upon conversion of our convertible debt calculated using the if-converted method and the effect is not anti-dilutive. The following table sets forth potential shares of common stock that are not included in the computation of diluted net loss per share because to do so would be antidilutive in  debt54,1236,725Outstanding stock options, unvested RSUs and ESPP  potentially dilutive  of ContentsNOTE 13. COMMITMENTS AND  lease office and research space and certain equipment under operating leases that expire at various dates through the year 2018. Certain operating leases contain renewal provisions and require us to pay other expenses. As a result of the Restructurings, we exited certain facilities in San Diego and South San Francisco. Aggregate future minimum lease payments under our operating leases are as follows in thousands:Year Ending December31,OperatingLeases  payments have not been reduced by minimum sublease rentals of $155 milliondue in the future under noncancelable subleases.The following is a summary of aggregate future minimum lease payments under operating leases at December31, 2012 by material operating lease agreements in  Lease #1 and 2May  Lease #3July 20181 additional period of 5 years25,378Building Lease #4December 20151 additional period of 3 years13,058Total$87,652Rent expense under operating leases was $178 million, $213 million, and $280 millionfor the years ended December31, 2012, 2011, and 2010, respectively. Rent expense was net of sublease rentals of $38 million, $19 million, and $03 millionfor the years ended December 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. Letters of Credit and Restricted CashWe entered into a standby letter of credit with a bank in July 2004, which is related to a building lease, with a credit limit of $05 millionat each of December31, 2012 and 2011. We entered into two standby letters of credit with a bank in May 2007, which is related to our workers compensation insurance policy, for a combined credit limit of $06 millionand $08 millionat December 2012 and 2011, respectively. All three letters of credit are fully collateralized by long-term restricted cash and investments. As of December31, 2012, the full amount of our three letters of credit was still available. As part of a purchasing card program with a bank we initiated during 2007, we were required to provide collateral in the form of a non-interest bearing certificate of deposit. The collateral at December31, 2012 and 2011 was $25 millionand $29 million, respectively. We recorded these amounts in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet as Long-term restricted cash and investments as the certificates of deposit were restricted as to withdrawal.Indemnification AgreementsIn connection with the sale of our plant trait business, we agreed to indemnify the purchaser and its affiliates up to a specified amount if they incur damages due to any infringement or alleged infringement of certain patents. We have certain collaboration licensing agreements, that contain standard indemnification clauses. Such clauses typically indemnify the 86Table of Contentscustomer or vendor for an adverse judgment in a lawsuit in the event of our misuse or negligence. We consider the likelihood of an adverse judgment related to any of our indemnification agreements to be remote. Furthermore, in the event of an adverse judgment, any losses under such an adverse judgment may be substantially offset by corporate  LitigationFrom time to time, we are party to legal proceedings, claims and investigations in the ordinary course of business, including the matter described below.In December 2012, a former officer filed a lawsuit against us and our chief executive officer in California state court seeking unspecified monetary damages based on contract and tort claims in connection with the former officer execution and revocation of a Rule 10b5-1 stock trading plan in December 2010. We have not responded to this complaint, and the time for us to respond has not expired. We intend to defend this claim vigorously. This matter is at a very early stage, and we are unable to reasonably estimate the possible loss or range of loss, if any.NOTE 14. CONCENTRATIONS OF CREDIT RISKFinancial instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk are primarily cash and cash equivalents, other receivables and investments. Cash equivalents and investments consist of money market funds, taxable commercial paper, corporate bonds with high credit quality, U.S. government agency obligations and U.S. government sponsored enterprises. All cash and cash equivalents, and investments are maintained with financial institutions that management believes are creditworthy. Otherreceivables are typically unsecured and are concentrated in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries. Accordingly, we may be exposed to credit risk generally associated with pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. We have incurred no bad debt expense since inception.The following table sets forth the percentage of revenues recognized under our collaboration agreements with collaborators that represent 10%or more of total revenues during the years ending December31, 2012, 2011and   Sankyo12%%3%Sanofi%39%42%NOTE 15. QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA UNAUDITEDThe following tables summarize the unaudited quarterly financial data for the last two fiscal years in thousands, except per share data:2012 Quarter  from   loss per share, basic and  of Contents2011 Quarter  income from  loss  loss income per share,  loss income per share,  of ContentsItem1B.Unresolved Staff  Proceedings33Item!4.Mine Safety  for Registrants Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities34Item6.Selected Financial Data35Item7.CONTROLS AND PROCEDURESEvaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures.Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined under Rules 13a-15e or 15d-15e under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended required by Rules 13a-15b or 15d-15b under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective.Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls.A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues, if any, within an organization have been detected. Accordingly, our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of our disclosure control system are met and, as set forth above, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded, based on their evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this report, that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that the objectives of our disclosure control system were met.Managements Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting.Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of our principal executive and principal financial officers to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S.generally accepted accounting principles.As of the end of our 2012 fiscal year, management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework established in Internal Control Integrated Frameworkissued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO. Based on this assessment, management has determined that our internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2012 was effective. There were no material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting identified by management.Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of assets; provide reasonable assurances that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S.generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements.The independent registered public accounting firm Ernst Young LLP has issued an audit report on our internal control over financial reporting, which is included on the following page89Table of ContentsReport of Independent Registered Public Accounting FirmTo the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Exelixis,Inc.We have audited Exelixis,Inc.s internal control over financial reporting as of December28, 2012, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission the COSO criteria. Exelixis,Inc.s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Managements Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the companys internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.A companys internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A companys internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that 1pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 2provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 3provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the companys assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.In our opinion, Exelixis,Inc. maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December28, 2012, based on the COSO criteria.We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the consolidated balance sheets of Exelixis,Inc. as of December28, 2012 and December 30, 2011, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss income, stockholders equity deficit, and cash flows for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended December28, 2012, of Exelixis,Inc. and our report dated February21, 2013expressed an unqualified opinion thereon./s/ Ernst YoungLLPRedwood City, CaliforniaFebruary21, 201390Table of ContentsChanges in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting.There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.ITEM 9B.OTHER INFORMATIONNot applicablePART III