ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                            PAGE
Independent Auditors' Report                                     F-1
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 1995 and 1996                     F-2
Consolidated Statements of Income for the Three-Year Period ended December 31, 1996          F-3
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the Three-Year Period ended December       F-4
31, 1996
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Three-Year Period ended December 31, 1996        F-5
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                              F-6 Item 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITIES HOLDERS
Not applicable                    12
14                   PART II
Item 5. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
The names of the directors and executive officers of the Company, as well
as their respective ages as of February 28, 1997, and positions with the
Company, are as follows          NAME        AGE   POSITION
D. Michael Talla       50   Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
Rex A. Licklider       53   Vice Chairman of the Board
John M. Gibbons       48   President, Chief Operating Officer and Director
Nanette Pattee Francini   48   Executive Vice President, Secretary and Director
Mark S. Spino        42   Vice President - Director of Development
Philip J. Swain       39   Vice President - Director of Operations
Timothy M. O'Brien      45   Chief Financial Officer and Assistant Secretary
Andrew L. Turner       50   Director
Dennison Veru        36   Director    D. MICHAEL TALLA co-founded the Company in 1977, has served as the Chief
Executive Officer since that time and has served as Chairman of the Board of
Directors since February 1994. Mr. Talla has been in the sports and fitness
industry for more than 20 years and has developed or participated in the
development of more than 20 clubs in the United States, including all Clubs
owned by the Company. Mr. Talla holds a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Business
Administration from the University of Arizona.
REX A. LICKLIDER has served as a director of the Company since February
1994 and was named Vice Chairman of the Board in May 1994. Prior to his
involvement with the Company, Mr. Licklider served as Chairman, President and
Chief Executive Officer of Com Systems, Inc., an AMEX- listed long-distance
telecommunications company which he founded in 1975. Mr. Licklider is a
director of Deckers Outdoor Corporation, GoldenTel, Inc., and Associated Travel
Services, Inc. He also serves on the Board of Directors of the Children
Bureau of Southern California and Los Angeles Youth Programs, Inc. Mr.
Licklider holds a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Business Administration from the
University of Arizona and a Masters in Business Administration from the
University of California at Los Angeles.
JOHN M. GIBBONS was engaged by the Company to serve as Chief Financial
Officer in May 1994 and became Executive Vice President in February 1995 and
President and Chief Operating Officer on July 1, 1995. Mr. Gibbons was elected
to the Board of Directors effective August 14, 1995. From September 1993 until
May 1994, Mr. Gibbons was a financial and business consultant whose clients
included the Company. From February 1990 until September 1993, Mr. Gibbons was
employed as a Vice President by Com Systems, Inc., an AMEX-listed long-distance
telecommunications company located in Westlake Village, California, serving as
General Manager and Senior Vice President from December 1992 to September 1993,
and as Chief Financial Officer from August 1991 through December 1992. From
January 1988 through February 1990, Mr. Gibbons was employed as Chief Financial
Officer of TMC Communications, a long-distance telecommunications company
located in Santa Barbara, California, which was acquired by Com Systems, Inc.
in February 1990. Mr. Gibbons has a Bachelors of Business Administration from
Notre Dame and a Masters of Business Administration from the University of
Southern California, and is a Certified Public Accountant.
NANETTE PATTEE FRANCINI, Executive Vice President, co-founded the Company
in 1977, has been principally responsible for overseeing all marketing for the
Company since 1978 and has served as a director of the Company since February
1994. Ms. Pattee Francini has been in the sports and fitness industry for more
than 20 years and has developed or participated in the development of more than
20 sports and fitness clubs, including all Clubs owned by the Company. Ms.
Pattee Francini holds a Bachelor of Arts Degree from the University of Arizona.                    19
21    MARK S. SPINO has served as Director of Development of the Company from
1980 to the present and as a Vice President since 1984. Mr. Spino has been in
the sports and fitness industry for more than 15 years and has developed or
participated in the development of more than 15 sports and fitness clubs in the
United States, including many of the Clubs owned by the Company. From July 1979
to June 1980, Mr. Spino was Assistant Manager, and later Manager, of the
Mid-Valley Athletic Club in Reseda, California. Mr. Spino holds Bachelor of
Arts and Master of Arts Degrees in Physical Education from the University of
Southern California.
PHILIP J. SWAIN has been employed by the Company since 1982 and has
served as Vice President-Director of Operations since 1988. Mr. Swain has been
in the sports and fitness industry for more than 20 years and has developed or
participated in the development of more than 15 clubs in the United States,
including many of the Clubs owned by the Company. Mr. Swain served as Regional
General Manager from 1986 until 1988. From December 1979 to November 1982, Mr.
Swain was the Director of Marketing and Membership at the Mid-Valley Athletic
Club in Reseda, California. From February 1975 to December 1979, Mr. Swain was
employed by Health & Tennis Corporation of America, managing different
facilities in Detroit and Los Angeles.
TIMOTHY M. O'BRIEN has been employed by the Company since February 1995
as Chief Financial Officer. From July 1993 until February 1995, Mr. O'Brien was
employed as Vice President/Controller of WCT Communications, Inc., a publicly
traded long-distance telecommunications company located in Santa Barbara,
California. From May 1989 until July 1993, Mr. O'Brien was Controller for Com
Systems, Inc., an AMEX-listed long- distance telecommunications company located
in Westlake Village, California. Mr. O'Brien has a Bachelors of Business
Administration degree from the University of Wisconsin-Madison and is a
Certified Public Accountant.
ANDREW L. TURNER has been a director of the Company since September 1994
and has been Chairman of the Board of Directors, President and Chief Executive
Officer of Sun Healthcare Group, Inc. since its formation in 1989. Sun
Healthcare Group, Inc., of which Mr. Turner was a founder, is a long-term
health care services provider. Mr. Turner was also founder and previously
served as Chief Operating Officer of Horizon Healthcare Corporation, a health
care services provider, from 1986 to 1989. Prior to 1986, Mr. Turner served as
a Senior Vice President of Operations of The Hillhaven Corporation.
DENNISON VERU has been President of Awad & Associates, a money management
division of Raymond James Financial since November 1992. From February 1990 to
November 1992 he served as Executive Vice President, Investments of Smith
Barney, Inc. specializing in small and medium capitalization stocks. Prior to
that, Mr. Veru was Vice President of Broad Street Investment Management and an
Assistant Vice President at Drexel Burnham Lambert. Mr. Veru serves as a
diretor for Lois USA, Inc. a publicly held company. Mr. Veru is a graduate of
Fanklin and Marshall college.
The directors of the Company are divided into three classes having terms
expiring at the annual meetings of the Company stockholders in 1997 Messrs.
Talla and Licklider, 1998 Messrs. Turner and Gibbons and 1999 Ms. Pattee
Francini and Mr. Veru, or such later dates as their successors are elected. At
each annual meeting of stockholders, successors to the class of directors whose
term expires at such meeting will be elected to serve for three-year terms and
until their successors are elected. After the planned sale of 2,105,263 shares
of common stock to Millennium Entertainment Partners, L.P., MEP, a
representative of MEP will be appointed to the Board of Directors.
Officers serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors subject to any
rights under employment agreements.
The Board of Directors has created an Audit Committee and a Compensation
Committee of the Board. The Audit Committee, composed of Messrs. Turner and
Veru, is charged with reviewing the Company annual audit and meeting with the
Company independent auditors and reviewing the Company internal controls
and financial management practices. The Compensation Committee, also composed
of Messrs, Turner and Veru, recommends to the Board of Directors compensation
for the Company key employees and administers the 1994 Stock Incentive Plan.                    20
22 CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS
Section 16a of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
requires the Company officers and directors and persons who own more than ten
percent of a registered class of the Company equity securities to file
reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the Securities and Exchange
Commission and to furnish the Company with copies of such reports. Based on the
Company review of the copies of those reports and written representations
which it has received, the Company believes that all such filings required to
be made from January 1, 1996 through the date hereof have been made.
