ITEM 8 - FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
The information in response to this item is included in our consolidated
financial statements, together with the report thereon of KPMG LLP, appearing on
pages F-1 through F-22 of this Form 10-K, and in Item 7 under the heading
Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations.
Item 1.  Business                              3
Item 1A.  Risk Factors                            13
Item 1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments                     19
Item 2 - CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
The Company maintains a system of disclosure controls and procedures that
is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and in other reports required to be filed or
submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended the Exchange
Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission for
such filings. As required by Rule 13a-15b under the Exchange Act, management
of the Company, under the direction of the Company Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer, reviewed and performed an evaluation of the
effectiveness of the Company disclosure controls and procedures as of December
31, 2006. Based on that review and evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer, along with the management of the Company, have
determined that as of December 31, 2006, the disclosure controls and procedures
were and are effective as designed to ensure that information relating to the
Company and its consolidated subsidiaries would be accumulated and communicated
to them, as appropriate, to allow timely disclosures regarding required
disclosures.                    35 CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROLS
There were no significant changes in the Company internal controls over
financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2006.
MANAGEMENT ANNUAL REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
The management of VASCO Data Security International, Inc. is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting. Our internal control system was designed to provide reasonable
assurance to the company management and board of directors regarding the
preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. Internal
control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15f or 15d-15f
promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as a process designed by,
or under the supervision of, the company principal executive and principal
financial officers and effected by the company board of directors, management
and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and
includes those policies and procedures that   -  Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
assets of the company   -  Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with
authorizations of management and directors of the company; and
-  Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection
of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or internal
control over financial reporting will prevent all error and all fraud. A control
system, no matter how well designed and implemented, can provide only
reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system objectives will be
met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there
are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered
relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control
systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all
control issues within a company are detected. The inherent limitations include
the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that
breakdowns can occur because of simple errors or mistakes. Controls can also be
circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more
people or by management override of the controls. Because of the inherent
limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or
fraud may occur and may not be detected.
Our management assessed the effectiveness of its internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2006. In making this assessment, it used
the criteria based on the framework set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Controls - Integrated
Framework COSO. Based on our assessments we believe that, as of December 31,
2006, our internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those
criteria.
Our independent registered public accounting firm, KPMG LLP, has issued an
audit report on our assessment of our internal control over financial reporting.
Their report on management assessment and their opinion on the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting appear below.
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
The Board of Directors and Stockholders
VASCO Data Security International, Inc. We have audited management assessment, presented in Management Annual Report
on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, that VASCO Data Security
International, Inc. maintained effective internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2006, based on criteria established in Internal
Control--Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission the COSO                    36 criteria. VASCO Data Security International, Inc. management is responsible
for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its
assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on management assessment and an
opinion on the effectiveness of the Company internal control over financial
reporting based on our audit.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective
internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material
respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over
financial reporting, evaluating management assessment, testing and evaluating
the design and operating effectiveness of internal control, and performing such
other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe
that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
A company internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. A company internal control over
financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that 1 pertain to
the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 2
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of
the company; and 3 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting
may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
In our opinion, management assessment that VASCO Data Security International,
Inc. maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2006, is fairly stated, in all material respects, based on the COSO
criteria. Also, in our opinion, VASCO Data Security International, Inc.
maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2006, based on the COSO criteria.
VASCO Data Security International, Inc. acquired Logico Smart Card Solutions
Logico and Able N.V. Able during 2006, and management excluded from its
assessment of the effectiveness of VASCO Data Security International, Inc.
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2006, Logico and
Able internal control over financial reporting associated with total assets of
$48 million and $82 million, respectively, and total revenues of $191,000 and
$533,000, respectively, included in the consolidated financial statements of
VASCO Data Security International, Inc. and subsidiaries as of and for the year
ended December 31, 2006. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting
of VASCO Data Security International, Inc. also excluded an evaluation of the
internal control over financial reporting of Logico and Able.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board United States, the consolidated balance sheets of
VASCO Data Security International, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2006
and 2005, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive
income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the
three-year period ended December 31, 2006, and our report dated March 15, 2007
expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. s/ KPMG LLP
Chicago, Illinois
March 15, 2007
Item 1.  Business                              3
Item 1A.  Risk Factors                            13
Item 1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments                     19
Item 2 - DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
T. KENDALL KEN HUNT -- Mr. Hunt is Chairman of the Board and Chief
Executive Officer. He served as our Chief Executive Officer through June 1999.
He returned as CEO in November 2002. He has been a director since July 1997 and
currently serves a one-year term. He served since 1990 as Chairman and President
of our predecessor, VASCO Corp. He is also affiliated with several high-tech
early-stage companies, serving as a member of their Board of Directors. He is a
co-founder and on the board of Secured Services, Inc., a publicly-held company,
listed on the Nasdaq Symbol: ssvc. Mr. Hunt is President of the Belgian
Business Club of Chicago. Additionally, he is on the Advisory Board for the
Posse Foundation, an organization dedicated to providing full college
scholarships to urban minority youth leaders through its partnerships with elite
universities across the U.S. He holds an MBA from Pepperdine University, Malibu,
California, 1979, and a BBA from the University of Miami, Florida, 1965. Mr.
Hunt is 63 years old.
MICHAEL P. CULLINANE -- Mr. Cullinane has been a director since April 10,
1998 and currently serves a one-year term. He is the Chairman of our Audit
Committee and a member of our Compensation Committee and our Governance and
Nominating Committee. Mr. Cullinane currently serves as the Executive Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer of Lakeview Technology. Mr. Cullinane
served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and a
director of Divine, Inc. from July 1999 to May 2003. He served as Executive Vice
President, Chief Financial Officer and a director of PLATINUM Technology
International, Inc. from 1988 to June 1999. On February 25, 2003, Divine, Inc.
filed for protection under the federal bankruptcy laws. Mr. Cullinane received a
B.B.A. from the University of Notre Dame, South Bend, Indiana. Mr. Cullinane is
57 years old.
JOHN N. FOX, JR. -- Mr. Fox has been a director since April 2005 and
currently serves a one-year term. He is Chairman of our Compensation Committee
and is a member of our Audit Committee and our Governance and Nominating
Committee. From 1998 to 2003, Mr. Fox served as a Vice Chairman of Deloitte &
Touche and the Global Director, Strategic Clients for Deloitte Consulting. He
held various other positions with Deloitte Consulting from 1968 to 2003, and
served on the board of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu from 1998 to 2003. Mr. Fox
currently serves on a variety of non-profit boards of directors. Mr. Fox
received his B.A. degree from Wabash College and his MBA from the University of
Michigan. Mr. Fox is 64 years old.
JEAN K. HOLLEY-- Ms. Holley was elected to the Board of Directors of VASCO
effective August 1, 2006, and was named to the Audit Committee, the Compensation
Committee and the Governance and Nominating committee of the Board. Ms. Holley
is the Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer for Tellabs. Ms
Holley served as VP and CIO for USG Corporation as well at the Sr. IT Director
for Waste Management. Ms. Holley holds a BS in Computer Science/Electrical
Engineering from the University of Missouri-Rolla, and a MS in Computer
Science/Engineering from Illinois Institute of Technology in Chicago. She has
served on a variety of boards including Blue Wolff, Illinois Institute of
Technology, Northern Illinois University College of Engineering & Engineering
Technology, University of Missouri - Rolla College of Mines & Metallurgy, and
the School of Management Information Systems. She served as President of the
Academy for Computer Science at UMR and is a current Board member for Junior
Achievement. Finally, she serves as a Board member for Giant Steps of Illinois,
an autistic school for children with autistic spectrum disorders. Ms. Holley is
47 years old.
JOHN R. WALTER -- Mr. Walter has been a director since April 2003 and
currently serves a one-year term. He is Chairman of our Governance and
Nominating Committee and is a member of our Audit Committee and our Compensation
Committee. Mr. Walter is Chairman and CEO of Ashlin Management Co., a private
investment and management services firm. Mr. Walter also serves as a director
for Deere & Company, Manpower, Inc., Inner Workings and SNP Corporation of
Singapore. Mr. Walter served as President and Chief Operating Officer of AT
Corporation from 1996 to 1997. He served as Chairman and CEO of R.R. Donnelley &
Sons Company, a print and digital information management company, from 1989
through 1996. Mr. Walter received a B.S. degree in management from Miami
University, Oxford, Ohio. Mr. Walter is 60 years old.                    38 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
JAN VALCKE -- Mr. Valcke is President & Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Valcke
has been an officer of the Company since 1996. From 1992 to 1996, he was
Vice-President of Sales and Marketing of Digipass NV/SA, a member of the
Digiline group. He co-founded Digiline in 1988 and was a member of the Board of
Directors of Digiline. Mr.Valcke received a degree in Science from St. Amands
College in Kortrijk, Belgium. Mr. Valcke is 52 years old.
CLIFFORD K. BOWN -- Mr. Bown is Executive Vice President & Chief Financial
Officer. Mr. Bown started his career with KPMG LLP where he directed the audits
for several publicly held companies, including a global leader that provides
integrated and embedded communications solutions. From 1991 to 1993, he was CFO
for publicly held XL/DATACOMP, a $300 million provider of midrange computer
systems and support services in the U. S. and U. K. Mr. Bown also held CFO
positions in two other companies focused on insurance and healthcare from 1995
through 2001. Mr. Bown received a B.S. in Accountancy from the University of
Illinois, Urbana, Illinois, his MBA from the University of Chicago, and he has a
CPA certificate. Mr. Bown is 55 years old.
AUDIT COMMITTEE FINANCIAL EXPERT
The Board of Directors has designated an Audit Committee, which consists of
Mr. Cullinane, Mr. Fox, Ms. Holley and Mr. Walter. The Board has determined that
Mr. Cullinane, Chairman of the Audit Committee and Mr. Walter each qualify as a
financial expert and has designated each person as a financial expert. Each
member of the Audit Committee has been determined to be independent as defined
by The Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc. and the Securities and Exchange Commission.
SECTION 16A BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP COMPLIANCE
Section 16a of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires directors and
executive officers, and persons who beneficially own more than 10% of a
registered class of our equity securities, to file reports of ownership and
changes in ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission and The Nasdaq
Stock Market, Inc. Directors, executive officers and beneficial owners of more
than 10% of the outstanding shares of common stock are required by Securities
and Exchange Commission regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section
16a forms that they file. Based solely on review of the copies of such forms
or written representations that no reports under Section 16a were required, we
believe that for the year period ended December 31, 2006, all of the Company
directors, executive officers and greater than 10% beneficial owners complied
with Section 16a filing requirements applicable to them.
CODE OF ETHICS
The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to all of its
employees, including its principal executive officer and principal financial
officer. The Code of Ethics was filed in the prior year and is noted as Exhibit
141 herein. A copy of the Code of Ethics can also be found on our website,
www.vasco.com in the investor, corporate governance section.
