Item 8 -- Note 11 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for segment
information.
Beverly Healthcare nursing facilities provide residents with routine
long-term care services, including daily dietary, social and recreational
services and a full range of pharmacy services and medical supplies. Beverly
Healthcare skilled staff also offers complex and intensive medical services to
patients with higher acuity disorders outside the traditional acute care
hospital setting. In addition, Beverly Healthcare provides assisted living
services. Approximately 91%, 90% and 80% of the Company total net operating
revenues for the years ended December 31, 1999, 1998 and 1997, respectively,
were derived from services provided by Beverly Healthcare.
Beverly Care Alliance provides outpatient and rehabilitative therapy
services, home care services, and managed care contract services within the
Company nursing facilities and to other healthcare providers. Approximately
9%, 7% and 2% of the Company total net operating revenues for the years ended
December 31, 1999, 1998 and 1997, respectively, were derived from services
provided by Beverly Care Alliance.
GOVERNMENTAL REGULATION AND REIMBURSEMENT
The Company nursing facilities are subject to compliance with various
federal, state and local healthcare statutes and regulations. Compliance with
state licensing requirements imposed upon all healthcare facilities is a
prerequisite for the operation of the facilities and for participation in
government-sponsored healthcare funding programs, such as Medicaid and Medicare.
Medicaid is a medical assistance program for the indigent, operated by
individual states with the financial participation of the federal government.
Medicare
2
4
is a health insurance program for the aged and certain other chronically
disabled individuals, operated by the federal government. Changes in the
reimbursement policies of such funding programs as a result of budget cuts by
federal and state governments or other legislative and regulatory actions could
have a material adverse effect on the Company consolidated financial position,
results of operations and cash flows.
The Company receives payments for services rendered to patients from a
each of the states in which its nursing facilities are located under the
Medicaid program; b the federal government under the Medicare program; and c
private payors, including commercial insurers, managed care payors and Veterans
Administration VA. The following table sets forth: i patient days derived
from the indicated sources of payment as a percentage of total patient days,
ii room and board revenues derived from the indicated sources of payment as a
percentage of net operating revenues, and iii ancillary and other revenues
derived from all sources of payment as a percentage of net operating revenues,
for the periods indicated                    MEDICAID       MEDICARE     PRIVATE AND VA
ROOM AND       ROOM AND       ROOM AND
PATIENT  BOARD   PATIENT  BOARD   PATIENT  BOARD   ANCILLARY AND
DAYS   REVENUES  DAYS   REVENUES  DAYS   REVENUES  OTHER REVENUES
Year ended:
December 31, 1999.  71%    52%    9%    14%    20%    19%      15%
December 31, 1998.  69%    46%    11%    13%    20%    18%      23%
December 31, 1997.  68%    40%    12%    12%    20%    16%      32   Consistent with the long-term care industry in general, changes in the mix
of the Company patient population among the Medicaid, Medicare and private
categories can significantly affect revenues and profitability. In most states,
private patients are the most profitable, and Medicaid patients are the least
profitable.
Ancillary revenues are derived from providing services to residents beyond
room, board and custodial care and include occupational, physical, speech,
respiratory and intravenous IV therapy, as well as sales of pharmaceuticals
and other services. Such services are currently provided primarily to Medicare
and private pay patients.
Medicaid programs are currently in existence in all of the states in which
the Company operates nursing facilities. While these programs differ in certain
respects from state to state, they are all subject to federally-imposed
requirements, and at least 50% of the funds available under these programs is
provided by the federal government under a matching program.
The Medicaid and Medicare programs each contain specific requirements which
must be adhered to by healthcare facilities in order to qualify under the
programs. Currently, most state Medicaid programs utilize a cost-based
reimbursement system for nursing facilities which reimburses facilities for the
reasonable direct and indirect allowable costs incurred in providing routine
patient care services as defined by the programs plus, in certain states,
efficiency incentives or a return on equity, subject to certain cost ceilings.
These costs normally include allowances for administrative and general costs as
well as the costs of property and equipment e.g. depreciation and interest,
fair rental allowance or rental expense.
State Medicaid reimbursement programs vary as to the methodology used to
determine the level of allowable costs which are reimbursed to operators. In
some states, cost-based reimbursement is subject to retrospective adjustment
through cost report settlement. In other states, payments made to a facility on
an interim basis that are subsequently determined to be less than or in excess
of allowable costs may be adjusted through future payments to the affected
facility and to other facilities owned by the same owner. Arizona, Arkansas and
California provide for reimbursement at a flat daily rate, as determined by the
responsible state agency. Several states in which the Company currently operates
have enacted payment mechanisms which are based on patient acuity versus
traditional cost-based methodologies. Many other states are actively developing
similar payment systems based on patient acuity or which may follow a
methodology similar to Medicare prospective payment system. The Company is
unable to estimate the ultimate impact of these changes in
3
5
payment mechanisms on the Company future consolidated financial position,
results of operations, or cash flows.
Healthcare system reform and concerns over rising Medicare and Medicaid
costs continue to be high priorities for both the federal and state governments.
In August 1997, the President signed into law the Balanced Budget Act of 1997
the 1997 Act in which Congress included numerous program changes directed at
balancing the federal budget. The legislation changed Medicare and Medicaid
policy in a number of ways, including: i the phase in of a Medicare
prospective payment system PPS for skilled nursing facilities effective July
1, 1998 see below; ii establishment of limitations on Part B therapy charges
per beneficiary per year; iii a 10% reduction in Part B therapy costs for the
period from January 1, 1998 through July 1, 1998, at which time reimbursement
for these services became based on fee schedules established by the Health Care
Financing Administration HCFA of the Department of Health and Human Services
HHS; iv development of new Medicare and Medicaid health plan options; v
creation of additional safeguards against healthcare fraud and abuse; and vi
repeal of the Medicaid Boren Amendment payment standard. The legislation also
included new opportunities for providers to focus further on patient outcomes by
creating alternative patient delivery structures.
PPS, which became effective for the Company on January 1, 1999,
significantly changed the manner in which its skilled nursing facilities are
paid for inpatient services provided to Medicare beneficiaries. In year one
1999 for the Company, Medicare PPS rates were based 75% on 1995
facility-specific Medicare costs as adjusted for inflation and 25% was
federally-determined based upon the acuity level as measured by which one of 44
Resource Utilization Grouping RUG categories a particular patient is
classified of Medicare patients served in the Company skilled nursing
facilities. The direct impact of PPS and other provisions of the 1997 Act was a
decrease in the Company 1999 net operating revenues of approximately
$114,000,000 as compared to 1998. Unless a nursing facility provider chooses to
be reimbursed at 100% of the federally-determined acuity-adjusted rate as
allowed under BBRA 1999 as discussed below: i in year two, Medicare PPS
rates will be based 50% on 1995 facility-specific costs as adjusted for
inflation and 50% on the federally-determined acuity-adjusted rate; ii in
year three, Medicare PPS rates will be based 25% on 1995 facility-specific costs
as adjusted for inflation and 75% on the federally-determined acuity-adjusted
rate; and iii in year four and thereafter, Medicare PPS rates will be based
entirely on the federally-determined acuity-adjusted rate.
In November 1999, the President signed into law the Balanced Budget
Refinement Act of 1999 BBRA 1999 which refines the 1997 Act and will restore
approximately $27 billion in Medicare funding for skilled nursing providers
over the next three years. The provisions of BBRA 1999 include: i the option
for a skilled nursing provider to choose between the higher of current law, as
described above, or 100% of the federally-determined acuity-adjusted rate
effective for cost reporting periods starting on or after January 1, 2000; ii
a temporary increase of 20% in the federal adjusted per diem rates for 15 RUG
categories covering extensive services, special care, clinically complex, and
high and medium rehabilitation, for the period from April 1, 2000 through
September 30, 2000; at which time, if HCFA has not recalculated the necessary
refinements to the overall RUG-III system, the 20% increase will be extended
until such time as the calculations are completed; iii a 4% increase in the
federal adjusted per diem rates for all 44 RUG categories for each of the
periods October 1, 2000 through September 30, 2001 and October 1, 2001 through
September 30, 2002; iv a two-year moratorium on implementing the two Part B
$1,500 therapy limitations contained in the 1997 Act, effective January 1, 2000
through January 1, 2002; v a retroactive provision that corrects a technical
error in the 1997 Act denying payment of Part B services to skilled nursing
facilities participating in PPS demonstration projects; and vi exclusion from
the Medicare PPS rates of ambulance services to and from dialysis, prosthetic
devices, radioisotopes and chemotherapy furnished on or after April 1, 2000. The
Company has elected to move to a 100% federally-determined acuity-adjusted rate
on approximately 300 of its nursing facilities effective January 1, 2000. The
Company currently estimates an increase in its 2000 net operating revenues of
approximately $20,000,000 related to the impact of BBRA 1999. However, no
assurances can be given as to what the actual impact of BBRA 1999 will be on the
Company consolidated financial position or results of operations. In addition,
future federal budget legislation and federal and state regulatory changes                     4
6
including refinements to the RUG-III system expected from HCFA by October 1,
2000, may negatively impact the Company.
In addition to the requirements to be met by the Company facilities for
annual licensure renewal, the Company healthcare facilities are subject to
annual surveys and inspections in order to be certified for participation in the
Medicare and Medicaid programs. In order to maintain their operator licenses
and their certification for participation in Medicare and Medicaid programs, the
nursing facilities must meet certain statutory and administrative requirements.
These requirements relate to the condition of the facilities and the adequacy
and condition of the equipment used therein, the quality and adequacy of
personnel, and the quality of medical care. Such requirements are subject to
change. There can be no assurance that, in the future, the Company will be able
to maintain such licenses for its facilities or that the Company will not be
required to expend significant capital in order to do so.
HCFA published new survey, certification and enforcement guidelines in July
1999 and December 1999 to implement the Medicare and Medicaid provisions of the
Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1987 OBRA 1987. The OBRA 1987 statute
authorized HCFA to develop regulations governing survey, certification and
enforcement of the requirements for contract participation by skilled nursing
facilities under Medicare and nursing facilities under Medicaid. Among the
provisions that HCFA has adopted are requirements that i surveys focus on
residents' outcomes; ii all deviations from the participation requirements
will be considered deficiencies, but all deficiencies will not constitute
noncompliance; and iii certain types of deficiencies must result in the
imposition of a sanction. The regulations also identify alternative remedies and
specify the categories of deficiencies for which they will be applied. These
remedies include: temporary management; denial of payment for new admissions;
denial of payment for all residents; civil monetary penalties of $50 to $10,000;
closure of facility and/or transfer of residents in emergencies; directed plans
of correction; and directed in service training. HCFA most recent enforcement
guidelines established criteria that mandates the immediate application of
remedies before the provider has an opportunity to correct the deficiency; that
impose a per instance civil monetary penalty up to $10,000 per day; and that
allow imposition of termination in as few as two days. The Company has
undertaken an analysis of the procedures with respect to its programs and
facilities covered by the revised HCFA regulations. While it is unable to
predict at this time the degree to which its programs and facilities will be
determined to be in compliance with regulations, compliance data for the past
year is available. Results of HCFA surveys for the past year determined that
over 96% of the Company nursing facilities surveyed have been determined to be
in compliance with the HCFA criteria. HCFA has reported that of all non-Company
facilities in the states in which the Company operates, 95% of such facilities
were determined to be similarly in compliance. Furthermore, the average number
of deficiencies cited in the Company facilities was less than the rest of the
industry, and the Company had more deficiency-free facilities than the rest of
the industry. Although the Company could be adversely affected if a substantial
portion of its programs or facilities were eventually determined not to be in
compliance with the HCFA regulations, the Company believes its programs and
facilities are generally in compliance.
The Company has a Quality Management QM program to help ensure that
high quality care is provided in each of its nursing and outpatient facilities.
The Company nationwide QM network of healthcare professionals includes
physician medical directors, registered nurses, dieticians, social workers and
other specialists who work in conjunction with regional and facility based QM
professionals. Facility based QM is structured through the Company Quality
Assessment and Assurance Committee. With a philosophy of quality improvement,
Company-wide clinical indicators are utilized as a database to set goals and
monitor thresholds in critical areas directly related to the delivery of
healthcare related services. These internal evaluations are used by local
quality improvement teams, which include QM advisors, to identify and correct
possible problems.
The Social Security Act and regulations of HHS provide for exclusion of
providers and related persons from participation in the Medicare and Medicaid
programs if they have been convicted of a criminal offense related to the
delivery of an item or service under either of these programs or if they have
been convicted, under state or federal law, of a criminal offense relating to
neglect or abuse of residents in connection with the delivery of a healthcare
item or service. Furthermore, individuals or entities and their affiliates may
be
5
7
excluded from the Medicare and Medicaid programs under certain circumstances
including conviction relating to fraud, license revocation or suspension, or
failure to furnish services of adequate quality.
On February 3, 2000, the Company entered into a series of agreements with
the U.S. Department of Justice and the Office of Inspector General the OIG
of the Department of Health and Human Services, which settled the federal
government investigations of the Company relating to the allocation to the
Medicare Program of certain nursing labor costs in its skilled nursing
facilities from 1990 to 1998 the Allocation Investigations. These agreements
finalized the terms of the settlements, which were tentatively announced in July
1999.
The agreements consist of: i a Plea Agreement; ii a Civil Settlement
Agreement; iii a Corporate Integrity Agreement; and iv an agreement
concerning the disposition of 10 nursing facilities. Under the Plea Agreement, a
subsidiary of the Company pled guilty to one count of mail fraud and 10 counts
of making false statements to Medicare relating to the submission of certain
Medicare cost reports for 10 separate nursing facilities. The subsidiary paid a
criminal fine of $5,000,000 and, under a separate agreement, is obligated to
dispose of the 10 nursing facilities. The subsidiary will continue to operate
and staff the nursing facilities until new operators are found.
Under the separate Civil Settlement Agreement, the Company will reimburse
the federal government $170,000,000 as follows: i $25,000,000, which was paid
during the first quarter of 2000, and ii $145,000,000 to be withheld from the
Company biweekly Medicare periodic interim payments in equal installments over
eight years. Such installments began during the first quarter of 2000. In
addition, the Company agreed to resubmit certain Medicare filings to reflect
reduced labor costs.
The Company also entered into a Corporate Integrity Agreement with the OIG
relating to the monitoring of compliance with requirements of federal healthcare
programs on an ongoing basis. Such agreement addresses the Company obligations
to ensure that it is in compliance with the requirements for participation in
the federal healthcare programs, and includes the Company functional and
training obligations, audit and review requirements, recordkeeping and reporting
requirements, as well as penalties for breach/noncompliance of the agreement.
Except as noted above, the Company believes that its facilities are in
substantial compliance with currently applicable Medicaid and Medicare
conditions of participation. In the ordinary course of its business, however,
the Company receives notices of deficiencies for failure to comply with various
regulatory requirements. The Company reviews such notices and takes appropriate
corrective action. In most cases, the Company and the reviewing agency will
agree upon the steps to be taken to bring the facility into compliance with
regulatory requirements. In some cases or upon repeat violations, the reviewing
agency may take a number of adverse actions against a facility. These adverse
actions can include the imposition of fines, temporary suspension of admission
of new patients to the facility, decertification from participation in the
Medicaid or Medicare programs and, in extreme circumstances, revocation of a
facility license.
The fraud and abuse anti-kickback provisions of the Social Security Act
presently codified in Section 1128Bb of the Social Security Act, hereinafter
the Antifraud Amendments make it a criminal felony offense to knowingly and
willfully offer, pay, solicit or receive remuneration in order to induce
business for which reimbursement is provided under government health programs,
including Medicare and Medicaid. The Antifraud Amendments have been broadly
interpreted to make remuneration of any kind, including many types of business
and financial arrangements among providers, potentially illegal if any purpose
of the remuneration or financial arrangement is to induce a referral.
Accordingly, joint ventures, space and equipment rentals, management and
personal services contracts, and certain investment arrangements among providers
may be suspect.
In 1991 and again in 1999, HHS promulgated regulations which describe, or
clarify, certain arrangements that would not be subject to enforcement action
under the Social Security Act the Safe Harbors. The Safe Harbors described
in the regulations are narrow, leaving unprotected a wide range of economic
relationships that many hospitals, physicians and other healthcare providers
consider to be legitimate business arrangements not prohibited by the Antifraud
Amendments. The regulations do not purport to describe
6
8
comprehensively all lawful relationships between healthcare providers and
referral sources, and clearly provide that arrangements that do not qualify for
Safe Harbor protection are not automatically deemed to violate the Antifraud
Amendments. Thus, skilled nursing facilities and other healthcare providers
having arrangements or relationships that do not fall within a Safe Harbor may
not be required to alter them in order to ensure compliance with the Social
Security Act provisions. Although failure to qualify for a Safe Harbor may
subject a particular arrangement or relationship to increased regulatory
scrutiny, the fact that a particular relationship or arrangement does not fall
within one of the Safe Harbors does not, in and of itself, mean the relationship
or arrangement is unlawful.
In addition to the Antifraud Amendments, Section 1877 of the Social
Security Act known as the Stark Law imposes restrictions on financial
relationships between physicians and certain entities. The Stark Law provides
that if a physician or an immediate family member of a physician has a
financial relationship with an entity that furnishes certain designated health
services, the physician may not refer a Medicare or Medicaid patient to the
entity, and the entity may not bill for services provided unless an exception to
the financial relationship exists. Designated health services include certain
services furnished by the Company, such as physical therapy, occupational
therapy, prescription drugs and home health. The types of financial
relationships that can trigger the referral and billing prohibitions are broad
and include ownership or investment interests, as well as compensation
arrangements. Penalties for violating the law are severe, including denial of
payment for services furnished pursuant to prohibited referrals, civil monetary
penalties of $15,000 for each item claimed, assessments equal to 200% of the
dollar value of each such service provided, and exclusion from the Medicare and
Medicaid programs.
On August 14, 1995, final regulations were published interpreting the
original provisions of the Stark Law that became effective January 1, 1992.
These provisions relate to entities that furnish clinical laboratory services,
commonly referred to as Stark I. Expanded restrictions as applied to the
additional designated health services referred to as Stark II became
effective as of January 1, 1995. Proposed regulations implementing Stark II were
published on January 9, 1998. The Company cannot predict the final form that
such regulations will take or the effect that Stark II or the regulations
promulgated thereunder will have on the Company.
Many states in which the Company operates also have laws that prohibit
payments to physicians for patient referrals with statutory language similar to
the Antifraud Amendments, but with broader effect since they apply regardless of
the source of payment for care. These statutes typically provide criminal and
civil penalties, as well as loss of licensure. Many states also have passed
legislation similar to the Stark Law, but with broader effect, since the
legislation applies regardless of the source of payment for care. The scope of
these state laws is broad and little precedent exists for their interpretation
or enforcement.
On August 21, 1996, President Clinton signed significant new federal health
reform legislation known as the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability
Act of 1996 HIPAA. The new law includes comprehensive and far-reaching
revisions or supplements to the Antifraud Amendments. Under HIPAA, healthcare
fraud, now defined as knowingly and willfully executing or attempting to execute
a scheme or device to defraud any healthcare benefit program, is made a
federal criminal offense. In addition, for the first time, federal enforcement
officials will have the ability to exclude from the Medicare and Medicaid
programs any investors, officers and managing employees associated with business
entities that have committed healthcare fraud, even if the investor, officer or
employee had no actual knowledge of the fraud. HIPAA also establishes a new
violation for the payment of inducements to Medicare or Medicaid beneficiaries
in order to influence those beneficiaries to order or receive services from a
particular provider or practitioner. Most of the provisions of HIPAA became
effective January 1, 1997. HIPAA was followed by the 1997 Act. The 1997 Act also
contained a significant number of new fraud and abuse provisions. For example,
civil monetary penalties may now be imposed for violations of the anti-kickback
provisions of the Medicare and Medicaid statute previously, exclusion or
criminal prosecution were the only actions under the anti-kickback statute, as
well as contracting with an individual or entity that the provider knows or
should know is excluded from a federal healthcare program. The 1997 Act provides
for civil monetary penalties of $50,000 and damages of not more than three times
the amount of remuneration in the prohibited activity.
7
9
In October 1999, under the mandates of HIPAA, HHS released proposed
regulations aimed at protecting the privacy of electronically transmitted health
data. Such regulations are expected to be finalized during the second quarter of
2000. The proposed regulations are designed to set boundaries on the use and
release of health records and establish accountability for inappropriate use and
release of protected health information. Protected health information is
individually identifiable health information that is or has been electronically
transmitted or electronically maintained by a covered entity and includes such
information in any other form. Under the proposed regulations, all health plans
and many healthcare providers, including the Company, as well as healthcare
clearinghouses, fall within the scope of the regulations. The proposed
regulations would: i allow health information to be used and shared for
treatment and payment for health care; ii allow information to be disclosed
without an individual authorization for certain national priority purposes,
such as research, public health and oversight, but only under defined
circumstances; iii require written authorization for use and disclosure of
health information for other purposes; and iv create standards for informing
individuals how their information is used and disclosed, ensure individuals that
they have access to information about themselves, and require health plans and
providers to maintain administrative and physical safeguards to protect the
confidentiality of health information and protect against unauthorized access.
HHS estimates that implementation of the proposed regulations will cost the
healthcare industry approximately $18 billion to $63 billion over the next
five years. The Company will be required to be in compliance with the proposed
regulations within two years of final issuance of the regulations. The Company
is currently evaluating the impact of compliance with the proposed regulations
but has not completed its analysis or finalized its estimated costs to comply.
There can be no assurances that the final regulations will not have an adverse
affect on the Company consolidated financial position, results of operations
or cash flows.
In 1976, Congress established the OIG at HHS to identify and eliminate
fraud, abuse and waste in HHS programs and to promote efficiency and economy in
HHS departmental operations. The OIG carries out this mission through a
nationwide program of audits, investigations and inspections. In order to
provide guidance to healthcare providers on ways to engage in legitimate
business practices and avoid scrutiny under the fraud and abuse statutes, the
OIG has from time to time issued fraud alerts identifying segments of the
healthcare industry and particular practices that are vulnerable to abuse. The
OIG has issued three fraud alerts targeting the skilled nursing industry: an
August 1995 alert relating to the provision of medical supplies to nursing
facilities, the fraudulent billing for medical supplies and equipment and
fraudulent supplier transactions; a May 1996 alert focusing on the provision of
fraudulent professional services to nursing facility residents; and a March 1998
alert addressing the interrelationship between hospice services and the nursing
home industry, and potentially illegal practices and arrangements. The fraud
alerts encourage persons having information about potentially abusive practices
or transactions to report such information to the OIG.
In addition to laws addressing referral relationships, several federal laws
impose criminal and civil sanctions for fraudulent and abusive billing
practices. The federal False Claims Act imposes sanctions, consisting of
monetary penalties of up to $10,000 for each claim and treble damages, on
entities and persons who knowingly present or cause to be presented a false or
fraudulent claim for payment to the federal government. Section 1128Ba of the
Social Security Act prohibits the knowing and willful making of a false
statement or misrepresentation of a material fact in relation to the submission
of a claim for payment under government health programs including the Medicare
and Medicaid programs. Violations of this provision constitute felony offenses
punishable by fines and imprisonment. The new HIPAA provisions establish
criminal penalties for fraud, theft, embezzlement, and the making of false
statements in relation to healthcare benefits programs which includes private,
as well as government programs. Government prosecutors are increasing their use
of the federal False Claims Act to prosecute quality of care deficiencies in
nursing facilities and other healthcare facilities under the theory that the
submission of reimbursement claims for services provided in a manner which falls
short of quality of care standards can constitute the submission of a false
claim in violation of the federal False Claims Act.
A joint federal/state initiative, Operation Restore Trust, was created in
1995 to apply to nursing homes, home health agencies, and suppliers of medical
equipment in five states: New York, Florida, California, Illinois and Texas. The
program was subsequently expanded to hospices in these states as well. The
program is designed to focus audit and law enforcement efforts on geographic
areas and provider types receiving large
8
10
concentrations of Medicare and Medicaid funds. According to HHS statistics, the
targeted states account for nearly 40% of all Medicare and Medicaid
beneficiaries. Under Operation Restore Trust, the OIG and HCFA have undertaken a
variety of activities to address fraud and abuse by nursing homes, home health
providers and medical equipment suppliers. These activities include financial
audits, creation of a Fraud and Waste Report Hotline, and increased
investigations and enforcement activity.
On May 20, 1997, HHS announced that Operation Restore Trust would be
expanded during the next two years to include twelve additional states Arizona,
Colorado, Georgia, Louisiana, Massachusetts, Missouri, New Jersey, Ohio,
Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Virginia and Washington, as well as several other
types of healthcare services. Over the longer term, it is anticipated that
Operation Restore Trust investigative techniques will be used in all 50 states,
and will be applied throughout the Medicare and Medicaid programs.
In addition to increasing the resources devoted to investigating
allegations of fraud and abuse in the Medicare and Medicaid programs, federal
and state regulatory and law enforcement authorities are taking an increasingly
strict view of the requirements imposed on healthcare providers by the Social
Security Act and Medicare and Medicaid regulations.
The Nursing Home Resident Protection Amendments of 1999, which were signed
into law on March 25, 1999 and amend Section 1919c2 of the Social Security
Act, are designed to protect Medicaid patients living in nursing facilities that
decide to withdraw from the Medicaid program. Under the amended version of
Section 1919c2, a nursing facility is required to continue providing care to
residents currently qualifying for assistance under the Medicaid program, as
well as residents who may qualify under Medicaid in the future, even if the
facility decides to withdraw from the Medicaid program.
While federal regulations do not provide states with grounds to curtail
funding of their Medicaid cost reimbursement programs due to state budget
deficiencies, states have nevertheless curtailed funding in such circumstances
in the past. No assurance can be given that states will not do so in the future
or that the future funding of Medicaid programs will remain at levels comparable
to the present levels. The United States Supreme Court ruled in 1990 that
healthcare providers could use the Boren Amendment to require states to comply
with their legal obligation to adequately fund Medicaid programs. The 1997 Act
repeals the Boren Amendment and authorizes states to develop their own standards
for setting payment rates. It requires each state to use a public process for
establishing proposed rates whereby the methodologies and justifications used
for setting such rates are available for public review and comment. This
requires facilities to become more involved in the rate setting process since
failure to do so may interfere with a facility ability to challenge rates
later.
PATIENT CARE LIABILITIES
General liability and professional liability costs for the long-term care
industry, especially in the state of Florida, have become increasingly expensive
and unpredictable. The Company and most of its competitors have experienced
increases in both the number of claims and the size of the typical claim. This
phenomenon is most evident in the state of Florida, where well-intended patient
rights' statutes tend to be exploited by plaintiffs' attorneys, since the
statutes allow for actual damages, punitive damages and plaintiff attorney fees
to be included in any proven violation. Statistics show that Florida long-term
care providers: i incur three times the number of general liability claims as
compared to the rest of the country; ii have general liability claims that are
approximately 250% higher in cost than the rest of the country; and iii incur
40% of the cost for general liability claims for the country, but only represent
approximately 10% of the total nursing facility beds.
Insurance companies are exiting the state of Florida, or severely
restricting their capacity to write long-term care general liability insurance,
since they cannot provide coverage when faced with the magnitude of losses and
the explosive growth of claims. Although the Company overall general liability
costs per bed in Florida are lower than the industry average in Florida, these
costs are still severely out of line with the rest of the country and continue
to escalate. The Company provision for insurance and related items decreased
approximately $65,900,000 for the year ended December 31, 1999, as compared to
the same period in 1998, primarily due to a loss portfolio transfer transaction
that significantly increased insurance costs during the fourth quarter of 1998.
Despite such decrease year over year, the Company, as well as other nursing home
9
11
providers with significant operations in Florida, are experiencing substantial
increases in patient care and other claims, evidencing the negative trend
surrounding patient care liabilities.
The Company is taking an active role in lobbying efforts to reform tort
laws in the state of Florida. In addition, community outreach programs are being
used to communicate care levels and caregiver dedication in each of its
facilities. There is significant media and legislative attention currently being
placed on these issues, and the Company is hopeful that there will be certain
reforms made in the current statutes. However, there can be no assurances made
that legislative changes will be made, or that any such changes will have a
positive impact on the current trend.
COMPETITION
The long-term care industry is highly competitive. The Company
competitive position varies from facility to facility, from community to
community and from state to state. Some of the significant competitive factors
for the placing of patients in a nursing facility include quality of care,
reputation, physical appearance of facilities, services offered, family
preferences, location, physician services and price. The Company operations
compete with services provided by nursing facilities, acute care hospitals,
subacute facilities, transitional hospitals, rehabilitation facilities, hospices
and home healthcare centers. The Company also competes with a number of
tax-exempt nonprofit organizations which can finance acquisitions and capital
expenditures on a tax-exempt basis or receive charitable contributions
unavailable to the Company. Recently, the long-term care industry has
experienced significant changes in its competitive environment. Several large
long-term care providers have filed for protection under the federal bankruptcy
laws. There is no way to predict how this may impact competition for the Company
in the long-term, and there can be no assurance that the Company will not
encounter increased competition which could adversely affect its business,
results of operations or financial condition.
EMPLOYEES
At December 31, 1999, the Company had approximately 67,000 employees. The
Company is subject to both federal minimum wage and applicable federal and state
wage and hour laws. The Company maintains various employee benefit plans.
In recent years, the Company has experienced increases in its labor costs
primarily due to higher wages and greater benefits required to attract and
retain qualified personnel, increased staffing levels in its nursing facilities
due to greater patient acuity and the hiring of therapists on staff. The
Company ability to control costs, including its wages and related expenses
which continue to rise and represent the largest component of the Company
operating and administrative expenses, will significantly impact its future
operating results. See Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations -- Operating Results.
Due to nationwide low unemployment rates, the Company is currently
experiencing difficulty attracting and retaining certain nursing home personnel,
such as certified nursing assistants, nurses' aides and other important
personnel, for whom the Company competes with other service industries. Although
the Company wages and related expenses decreased for the year ended December
31, 1999, as compared to the same period in 1998, the Company weighted average
wage rate and use of registry personnel increased, both of which underscore the
increased difficulties many of the Company nursing facilities are having
attracting personnel. The Company is addressing this through several ongoing
programs and training initiatives. No assurance can be given that these programs
and training initiatives will in fact improve the Company ability to attract
these nursing personnel.
Approximately 100 of the Company nursing facilities, or 7% of the
Company employees, are represented by various labor unions. Certain labor
unions have publicly stated that they are concentrating their organizing efforts
within the long-term healthcare industry. The Company, being one of the largest
employers within the long-term healthcare industry, has been the target of a
corporate campaign by two AFL-CIO affiliated unions attempting to organize
certain of the Company facilities. Although the Company has never experienced
any material work stoppages and believes that its relations with its employees
are generally good,
10
12
the Company cannot predict the effect continued union representation or
organizational activities will have on the Company future activities. There
can be no assurance that continued union representation and organizational
activities will not result in material work stoppages, which could have a
material adverse effect on the Company operations.
Excessive litigation is a tactic common to corporate campaigns and one
that is being employed against the Company. There are several proceedings
against facilities operated by the Company before the National Labor Relations
Board NLRB. These proceedings consolidate individual cases from separate
facilities, and certain of these proceedings are currently pending before the
NLRB. The Company is vigorously defending these proceedings. The Company
believes, based on advice from its Deputy General Counsel, that many of these
cases are without merit, and further, it is the Company belief that the
NLRB-related proceedings, individually and in the aggregate, are not material to
the Company consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash
flows.
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES.
At February 29, 2000, the Company operated 559 nursing facilities, 37
assisted living centers, 180 outpatient therapy clinics and 63 home care centers
in 34 states and the District of Columbia. Most of the Company 192 leased
nursing facilities are subject to net leases which require the Company to pay
all taxes, insurance and maintenance costs. Most of these leases have original
terms from ten to fifteen years and contain at least one renewal option, which
could extend the original term of the leases by five to fifteen years. Many of
these leases also contain purchase options. The Company considers its physical
properties to be in good operating condition and suitable for the purposes for
which they are being used. Certain of the nursing facilities and assisted living
centers owned by the Company are included in the collateral securing the
obligations under its various debt agreements. See Part II, Item 8 -- Note 6 of
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
11
13
The following is a summary of the Company nursing facilities, assisted
living centers, outpatient therapy clinics and home care centers at February 29,
2000                  NURSING FACILITIES  ASSISTED LIVING
CENTERS    OUTPATIENT  HOME
THERAPY   CARE
TOTAL             CLINICS   CENTERS
LICENSED       TOTAL     LOCATION              NUMBER   BEDS   NUMBER  UNITS   NUMBER   NUMBER
-                                                             
21    2,743    --     --    --         3     480    --     --    --        37    4,376    4     80     4     2
72    7,744    3    185    37     19
--     --    --     --    15        --     --    --     --     4     District of Columbia.   1     355    --     --    --        51    6,325    5    311    --        17    2,137    4    109    23     3
2     396    --     --    --         3     275    --     --    --        26    3,817    1     16    --     1
31    1,783    2     29    --         8    1,039    --     --    --        --     --    --     --     1         4     585    1     16     8        24    2,402    --     --    --         2     206    --     --    --        35    3,032    3     33    --        21    2,496    --     --    --        28    2,908    3    101    --     1
24    2,146    1     16    --     4
--     --    --     --    --     1
New Jersey.   1     120    --     --    --     North Carolina.   11    1,398    1     16    10     24
12    1,433    --     --     4        42    4,780    3     53    12     5
South Carolina.   3     302    --     --    15     South Dakota.   17    1,228    1     36    --         7     948    2     57    --        --     --    --     --    36     2
15    1,937    3     80    --         9     904    --     --    11     West Virginia.   3     310    --     --    --        29    3,291    --     --    --     1
--                               559   61,896    37   1,138    180     63
==             CLASSIFICATION
365   39,842    32    852    --        192   21,919    5    286    180     63
2     135    --     --    --                               --                               559   61,896    37   1,138    180     63
==                                12
14
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.
On February 3, 2000, the Company entered into a series of agreements with
the U.S. Department of Justice and the Office of Inspector General the OIG
of the Department of Health and Human Services which settled the federal
government investigations of the Company relating to the allocation to the
Medicare Program of certain nursing labor costs in its skilled nursing
facilities from 1990 to 1998 the Allocation Investigations. These agreements
finalized the terms of the settlements, which were tentatively announced in July
1999.
The agreements consist of: i a Plea Agreement; ii a Civil Settlement
Agreement; iii a Corporate Integrity Agreement; and iv an agreement
concerning the disposition of 10 nursing facilities. Under the Plea Agreement, a
subsidiary of the Company pled guilty to one count of mail fraud and 10 counts
of making false statements to Medicare relating to the submission of certain
Medicare cost reports for 10 separate nursing facilities. The subsidiary paid a
criminal fine of $5,000,000 and, under a separate agreement, is obligated to
dispose of the 10 nursing facilities. The subsidiary will continue to operate
and staff the nursing facilities until new operators are found.
Under the separate Civil Settlement Agreement, the Company will reimburse
the federal government $170,000,000 as follows: i $25,000,000, which was paid
during the first quarter of 2000, and ii $145,000,000 to be withheld from the
Company biweekly Medicare periodic interim payments in equal installments over
eight years. Such installments began during the first quarter of 2000. In
addition, the Company agreed to resubmit certain Medicare filings to reflect
reduced labor costs.
The Company also entered into a Corporate Integrity Agreement with the OIG
relating to the monitoring of compliance with requirements of federal healthcare
programs on an ongoing basis. Such agreement addresses the Company obligations
to ensure that it is in compliance with the requirements for participation in
the federal healthcare programs, and includes the Company functional and
training obligations, audit and review requirements, recordkeeping and reporting
requirements, as well as penalties for breach/noncompliance of the agreement.
On July 6, 1999, an amended complaint was filed by the plaintiffs in a
previously disclosed purported class action lawsuit pending against the Company
and certain of its officers in the United States District Court for the Eastern
District of Arkansas the Class Action. Plaintiffs filed a second amended
complaint on September 9, 1999 which asserted claims under Section 10b
including Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder and under Section 20 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 arising from practices that were the subject of
the Allocation Investigations. The defendants filed a motion to dismiss that
complaint on October 8, 1999. Due to the preliminary state of the Class Action
and the fact the second amended complaint does not allege damages with any
specificity, the Company is unable at this time to assess the probable outcome
of the Class Action or the materiality of the risk of loss. However, the Company
believes that it acted lawfully with respect to plaintiff investors and will
vigorously defend the Class Action. However, there can be no assurances that the
Company will not experience an adverse effect on its consolidated financial
position, results of operations or cash flows as a result of these proceedings.
In addition, since July 29, 1999, eight derivative lawsuits have been filed
in the state courts of Arkansas, California and Delaware collectively, the
Derivative Actions. Norman M. Lyons v. David R. Banks, et al., Case No.
OT99-4041, was filed in the Chancery Court of Pulaski County, Arkansas 4th
Division on or about July 29, 1999, and the parties filed an Agreed Motion to
Stay the proceedings on January 17, 2000; Alfred Badger, Jr. v. David R. Banks,
et al., Case No. OT99-4353, was filed in the Chancery Court of Pulaski County,
Arkansas 1st Division on or about August 17, 1999 and voluntarily dismissed on
November 30, 1999. On November 1, 1999, the defendants filed a motion to dismiss
the Lyons and Badger actions. James L. Laurita v. David R. Banks, et al., Case
No. 17348NC, was filed in the Delaware Chancery Court on or about August 2,
1999; Kenneth Abbey v. David R. Banks, et al., Case No. 17352NC, was filed in
the Delaware Chancery Court on or about August 4, 1999; Alan Friedman v. David
R. Banks, et al., Case No. 17355NC, was filed in the Delaware Chancery Court on
or about August 9, 1999. The Laurita, Abbey and Friedman actions were
subsequently consolidated by order of the Delaware Chancery Court. On or about
October 1, 1999, the defendants moved to dismiss the Laurita, Abbey and Friedman
actions. Elles Trading Company v.
13
15
David R. Banks, et al., was filed in the Superior Court for San Francisco
County, California on or about August 4, 1999, and the plaintiffs filed a notice
of voluntary dismissal on February 3, 2000. Kushner v. David R. Banks, et al.,
Case No. LR-C-98-646, was filed in the United States District Court for the
Eastern District of Arkansas Western Division on September 30, 1999.
Richardson v. David R. Banks, et al., Case No. LR-C-99-826, was filed in the
United States District Court for the Eastern District of Arkansas Western
Division on November 4, 1999. The Kushner and Richardson actions were ordered
to be consolidated and by agreed motion, plaintiffs have until April 15, 2000 to
file an amended, consolidated complaint. The Derivative Actions each name the
Company directors as defendants, as well as the Company as a nominal
defendant. The Badger and Lyons actions also name as defendants certain of the
Company officers. The Derivative Actions each allege breach of fiduciary
duties to the Company and its stockholders arising primarily out of the
Company alleged exposure to loss due to the Class Action and the Allocation
Investigations. The Lyons, Badger and Richardson actions also assert claims for
abuse of control and constructive fraud arising from the same allegations, and
the Richardson action also claims unjust enrichment. Due to the preliminary
state of the Derivative Actions and the fact the complaints do not allege
damages with any specificity, the Company is unable at this time to assess the
probable outcome of the Derivative Actions or the materiality of the risk of
loss. However, the Company believes that it acted lawfully with respect to the
allegations of the Derivative Actions and will vigorously defend the Derivative
Actions. However, there can be no assurances that the Company will not
experience an adverse effect on its consolidated financial position, results of
operations or cash flows as a result of these proceedings.
There are various other lawsuits and regulatory actions pending against the
Company arising in the normal course of business, some of which seek punitive
damages that are generally not covered by insurance. The Company does not
believe that the ultimate resolution of such other matters will have a material
adverse effect on the Company consolidated financial position or results of
operations.
14
16
ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS.
No matters were submitted to a vote of the Company security holders
during the last quarter of its fiscal year ended December 31, 1999.
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS
The table below sets forth, as to each executive officer and director of
the Company, such person name, positions with the Company and age. Each
executive officer and director of the Company holds office until a successor is
elected, or until the earliest of death, resignation or removal. Each executive
officer is elected or appointed by the Board of Directors. The information below
is given as of February 29, 2000.            NAME                      POSITION           AGE
David R.  Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer
and Director                   63
William A.  Executive Vice President and
President -- Beverly Healthcare         40
T. Jerald  Executive Vice President             59
Bobby W.  Executive Vice President -- Asset Management   55
Scott M.  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer                     41
Mark D.  Executive Vice President and
President -- Beverly Care Alliance        44
Philip W.  Executive Vice President -- Strategic Planning
and Operations Support              43
Pamela H.  Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief
Accounting Officer               36
Schuyler Hollingsworth, Jr.. Senior Vice President and Treasurer       53
Beryl F. Anthony,  Director                     62
Carolyne K. Davis, R.N., Ph.D14. Director                     68
James R.  Director                     78
Edith E.  Director                     48
Jon E.M.  Director                     61
Risa J. Lavizzo-Mourey, M.D34. Director                     45
Marilyn R.  Director                     57  1 Member of the Executive Committee.
2 Member of the Audit and Compliance Committee.
3 Member of the Compensation Committee.
4 Member of the Quality Management Committee.
5 Member of the Nominating Committee.
Mr. Banks has been a director of the Company since 1979 and has served as
Chief Executive Officer since May 1989 and Chairman of the Board since March
1990. Mr. Banks was President of the Company from 1979 to September 1995. Mr.
Banks is a director of Nationwide Health Properties, Inc., Ralston Purina
Company and Agribrands International, Inc.
Mr. Mathies joined the Company in 1981 as an Administrator in training. He
was an Administrator until 1986 at which time he became a Regional Manager. In
1988, Mr. Mathies was elected Vice President of Operations for the California
region and was elected Executive Vice President of the Company and President of
the corporations within Beverly Healthcare in September 1995.
Mr. Moore joined the Company as Executive Vice President in December 1992
and served as President of the corporations within Beverly Specialty Hospitals
from June 1996 to June 1998. Mr. Moore was employed at Aetna Life and Casualty
from 1963 to 1992 and was elected Senior Vice President in 1990.
15
17
Mr. Stephens joined the Company as a staff accountant in 1969. He was
elected Assistant Vice President in 1978, Vice President of the Company and
President of the Company Central Division in 1980, and Executive Vice
President in February 1990. Mr. Stephens is a director of Sparks Regional
Medical Center, City National Bank in Fort Smith, Arkansas, Beverly Japan
Corporation, and Harbortown Properties, Inc.
Mr. Tabakin joined the Company in October 1992 as Vice President,
Controller and Chief Accounting Officer. He was elected Senior Vice President in
May 1995, Acting Chief Financial Officer in September 1995 and Executive Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer in October 1996. From 1980 to 1992, Mr.
Tabakin was with Ernst & Young LLP. Mr. Tabakin is a director of St. Edward
Mercy Medical Center.
Mr. Wortley joined the Company as Senior Vice President and President of
the corporations within Beverly Care Alliance in September 1994 and was elected
Executive Vice President in February 1996. From 1988 to 1994, Mr. Wortley was an
officer of Therapy Management Innovations.
Mr. Small joined the Company in January 1986 as Reimbursement Manager, was
promoted to Division Controller in September 1986 and Director of Finance for
the California Region in 1989. He was elected Vice President -- Reimbursement in
September 1990, Senior Vice President -- Finance in 1995 and Executive Vice
President -- Strategic Planning and Operations Support in August 1998.
Ms. Daniels joined the Company in May 1988 as Audit Coordinator. She was
promoted to Financial Reporting Senior Manager in 1991 and Director of Financial
Reporting in 1992. She was elected Vice President, Controller and Chief
Accounting Officer in October 1996 and Senior Vice President in December 1999.
From 1985 to 1988, Ms. Daniels was with Price Waterhouse LLP.
Mr. Hollingsworth joined the Company in June 1985 as Assistant Treasurer.
He was elected Treasurer in 1988, Vice President in 1990 and Senior Vice
President in March 1992.
Mr. Anthony served as a member of the United States Congress and was
Chairman of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee from 1987 through
1990. In 1993, he became a partner in the Winston & Strawn law firm. He has been
a director of the Company since January 1993.
Dr. Davis has been an international health care consultant since 1985. She
is a director of Beckman Coulter, Inc., The Prudential Insurance Company of
America, Inc., MiniMed, Inc. and Merck & Co., Inc. She has been a director of
the Company since December 1997.
Mr. Greene principal occupation has been that of a director and
consultant to various U.S. and international businesses since 1986. He is a
director of Buck Engineering Company and Bank Leumi. He has been a director of
the Company since January 1991.
Ms. Holiday is an attorney. She served as White House Liaison for the
Cabinet and all federal agencies during the Bush administration. Prior to that,
Ms. Holiday served as General Counsel of the U.S. Treasury Department, as well
as its Assistant Secretary of Treasury for Public Affairs and Public Liaison.
She is a director of Amerada Hess Corporation, Hercules Incorporated, H.J. Heinz
Company and RTI International Metals, Inc. and a director or trustee of various
investment companies in the Franklin Templeton Group of Funds. She has been a
director of the Company since March 1995.
Mr. Jacoby is Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and a
director of Stephens Group, Inc. Mr. Jacoby has held the indicated positions
with Stephens Group, Inc. since 1986, and prior to that time, served as Manager
of the Corporate Finance Department and Assistant to the President of Stephens
Inc. Mr. Jacoby is a director of Power-One, Inc. and Delta and Pine Land
Company, Inc. He has been a director of the Company since February 1987.
Dr. Lavizzo-Mourey is Director of the Institute of Aging, Chief of the
Division of Geriatric Medicine, Associate Executive Vice President for health
policy and Professor of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania, Ralston-Penn
Center. She is a director of Lifemark, Inc. and Hanger Orthopedic Group, Inc.
She has been a director of the Company since March 1995.
Ms. Seymann is President and Chief Executive Officer of M One, Inc., a
management and information systems consulting firm specializing in the financial
services industry. She is a director of Community First
16
18
Bankshares, Inc., True North Communications, Inc. and NorthWestern Corporation.
She has been a director of the Company since March 1995.
During 1999, there were 17 meetings of the Board of Directors. Each
director attended 75% or more of the meetings of the Board and committees on
which he or she served.
In 1999, directors, other than Mr. Banks, received a retainer fee of
$25,000 for serving on the Board and an additional fee of $1,000 for each Board
or committee meeting attended. The chairperson of each committee received an
additional $1,000 for each committee meeting attended. Such fees can be
deferred, at the option of the director, as provided for under the Non-Employee
Director Deferred Compensation Plan discussed below. Mr. Banks, the Company
current Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer received no additional
cash compensation for serving on the Board or its committees.
During 1997, the Beverly Enterprises, Inc. Non-Employee Director Deferred
Compensation Plan was approved. Such plan provides each nonemployee director the
opportunity to receive awards equivalent to shares of Common Stock deferred
share units and to defer receipt of compensation for services rendered to the
Company. There are three types of contributions available under the plan. First,
nonemployee directors can defer all or part of retainer and meeting fees to a
pre-tax deferred compensation account with two investment options. The first
investment option is a cash account which is credited with interest, and the
second investment option is a deferred share unit account, with each unit having
a value equivalent to one share of Common Stock. The second type of contribution
is a Company matching contribution whereby the Company matches 25% of the amount
of fees deferred, to the extent the deferral is in the deferred share unit
account. Third, as a replacement for the prior benefits under the retirement
plan for outside directors, each nonemployee director receives a grant of 675
deferred share units each year which is automatically credited to the deferred
share unit account. Distributions under the plan will commence upon retirement,
termination, death or disability and will be made in shares of Common Stock
unless the Board of Directors approves payment in cash.
During 1997, the New Beverly Non-Employee Directors Stock Option Plan the
Non-Employee Directors Stock Option Plan was approved. Such plan became
effective December 3, 1997 and will remain in effect until December 31, 2007,
subject to early termination by the Board of Directors. Such plan replaced the
Nonemployee Directors' Plan entered into in 1994. There are 300,000 shares of
the Company $10 par value common stock Common Stock authorized for
issuance, subject to certain adjustments, under the Non-Employee Directors Stock
Option Plan. The Non-Employee Directors Stock Option Plan was amended by the
Board of Directors on December 11, 1997 to provide that 3,375 stock options be
granted to each nonemployee director on June 1 of each year until the plan is
terminated, subject to the availability of shares. Stock option grants have been
made since 1994 to each of the nonemployee directors. Such stock options are
granted at a purchase price equal to fair market value on the date of grant,
become exercisable one year after date of grant and expire ten years after date
of grant.
17
19
PART II
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE COMPANY'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.
The Company Common Stock is listed on the New York and Pacific Stock
Exchanges. The table below sets forth, for the periods indicated, the range of
high and low sales prices of the Common Stock as reported on the New York Stock
Exchange composite tape.                                     PRICES
HIGH      LOW
1998
First   $15 9/16    $12 1/4
Second    16 1/4     13 1/2
Third    14 13/16    7 3/8
Fourth    8 1/8     5 1/4
1999
First   $ 6 15/16   $ 4 1/2
Second    8 3/16     4 5/16
Third    8       3 7/8
Fourth    5 3/16     3 1/2
2000
First Quarter through February 29.  $ 4 9/16    $ 2 1/2   The Company is subject to certain restrictions under its long-term debt
agreements related to the payment of cash dividends on its Common Stock. During
1999 and 1998, no cash dividends were paid on the Company Common Stock and no
future dividends are currently planned.
At February 29, 2000, there were 5,341 record holders of the Common Stock.
EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN
The Beverly Enterprises 1988 Employee Stock Purchase Plan as amended and
restated enables all full-time employees having completed one year of
continuous service to purchase shares of Common Stock at the current market
price through payroll deductions. The Company makes contributions in the amount
of 30% of the participant contribution. Each participant specifies the amount
to be withheld from earnings per two-week pay period, subject to certain
limitations. The total charge to the Company statement of operations for the
year ended December 31, 1999 related to this plan was approximately $1,723,000.
At December 31, 1999, there were approximately 3,400 participants in the plan.
Merrill Lynch & Co., Merrill Lynch World Headquarters, North Tower, World
Financial Center, New York, New York 10281, was appointed broker to open and
maintain an account in each participant name and to purchase shares of Common
Stock on the New York Stock Exchange for each participant.
18
20
ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA.
The following table of selected financial data should be read in
conjunction with the Company consolidated financial statements and related
notes thereto for 1999, 1998 and 1997 included elsewhere in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K.                                 AT OR FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
1999     19981    19972     1996     1995
DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS DATA:
Net operating  $ 2,546,672  $ 2,812,232  $ 3,217,099  $ 3,267,189  $ 3,228,553
Interest      4,335     10,708     13,201     13,839    14,228
Total    2,551,007   2,822,940   3,230,300   3,281,028   3,242,781
Costs and expenses:
Operating and    2,354,328   2,633,135   2,888,021   2,958,942   2,960,832
72,578     65,938     82,713     91,111    84,245
Depreciation and amortization.    99,160     93,722    107,060    105,468    103,581
Special charges related to settlements of
federal government investigations.    202,447     1,865       --       --        Asset impairments, workforce reductions and
other unusual items.    23,818     69,443     44,000       --    100,277
Year 2000     12,402     9,719       --       --                                           Total costs and expenses.   2,764,733   2,873,822   3,121,794   3,155,521   3,248,935
Income loss before provision for benefit
from income taxes, extraordinary charge and
cumulative effect of change in accounting
for start-up    213,726    50,882    108,506    125,507    6,154
Provision for benefit from income taxes.    79,079    25,936    49,913     73,481     1,969
Extraordinary charge, net of income tax
benefit of $1,057 in 1998 and $1,099 in
--     1,660      --     1,726      Cumulative effect of change in accounting for
start-up costs, net of income tax benefit of
--     4,415      --       --                                       Net income  $  134,647 $  31,021 $   58,593  $   50,300  $  8,123
Net income loss applicable to common
$  134,647 $  31,021 $   58,593  $   50,300  $  14,998
Diluted income loss per share of common
stock:
Before extraordinary charge and cumulative
effect of change in accounting for
start-up  $   131 $    24 $    57  $    50  $   16
Extraordinary       --      02      --      01       Cumulative effect of change in accounting
for start-up costs.      --      04      --       --                                        Net income  $   131 $    30 $    57  $    49  $   16
Shares used to compute per share amounts.  102,491,000  103,762,000  103,422,000  110,726,000  92,233,000
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET DATA:
Total  $ 1,982,880  $ 2,160,511  $ 2,073,469  $ 2,525,082  $ 2,506,461
Current portion of long-term debt. $   34,052  $   27,773  $   31,551  $   38,826  $  84,639
Long-term debt, excluding current portion. $  746,164  $  878,270  $  686,941  $ 1,106,256  $ 1,066,909
Stockholders'  $  641,124  $  776,206  $  862,505  $  861,095  $  820,333
OTHER DATA:
Average occupancy percentage3.     872%     887%     889%     874%     881%
Number of nursing home beds.    62,217     62,293     63,552     71,204    75,669  1 Amounts for 1998 include the operations of American Transitional Hospitals,
Inc. through June 30, 1998.
2 Amounts for 1997 include the operations of Pharmacy Corporation of America
up until the effective date of the Merger as discussed herein.
3 Average occupancy percentage for 1999, 1998 and 1997 was based on
operational beds, and for all periods prior to 1997, such percentage was
based on licensed beds. Average occupancy percentage for 1999, 1998 and 1997
based on licensed beds was 853%, 869% and 871%, respectively.
19
21
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS.
GENERAL
GOVERNMENTAL REGULATION AND REIMBURSEMENT
Healthcare system reform and concerns over rising Medicare and Medicaid
costs continue to be high priorities for both the federal and state governments.
In August 1997, the President signed into law the Balanced Budget Act of 1997
the 1997 Act in which Congress included numerous program changes directed at
balancing the federal budget. The legislation changed Medicare and Medicaid
policy in a number of ways, including: i the phase in of a Medicare
prospective payment system PPS for skilled nursing facilities effective July
1, 1998 see below; ii establishment of limitations on Part B therapy charges
per beneficiary per year; iii a 10% reduction in Part B therapy costs for the
period from January 1, 1998 through July 1, 1998, at which time reimbursement
for these services became based on fee schedules established by the Health Care
Financing Administration HCFA of the Department of Health and Human Services
HHS; iv development of new Medicare and Medicaid health plan options; v
creation of additional safeguards against healthcare fraud and abuse; and vi
repeal of the Medicaid Boren Amendment payment standard. The legislation also
included new opportunities for providers to focus further on patient outcomes by
creating alternative patient delivery structures.
PPS, which became effective for the Company on January 1, 1999,
significantly changed the manner in which its skilled nursing facilities are
paid for inpatient services provided to Medicare beneficiaries. In year one
1999 for the Company, Medicare PPS rates were based 75% on 1995
facility-specific Medicare costs as adjusted for inflation and 25% was
federally-determined based upon the acuity level as measured by which one of 44
Resource Utilization Grouping RUG categories a particular patient is
classified of Medicare patients served in the Company skilled nursing
facilities. The direct impact of PPS and other provisions of the 1997 Act was a
decrease in the Company 1999 net operating revenues of approximately
$114,000,000 as compared to 1998. Unless a nursing facility provider chooses to
be reimbursed at 100% of the federally-determined acuity-adjusted rate as
allowed under BBRA 1999 as discussed below: i in year two, Medicare PPS
rates will be based 50% on 1995 facility-specific costs as adjusted for
inflation and 50% on the federally-determined acuity-adjusted rate; ii in
year three, Medicare PPS rates will be based 25% on 1995 facility-specific costs
as adjusted for inflation and 75% on the federally-determined acuity-adjusted
rate; and iii in year four and thereafter, Medicare PPS rates will be based
entirely on the federally-determined acuity-adjusted rate.
In November 1999, the President signed into law the Balanced Budget
Refinement Act of 1999 BBRA 1999 which refines the 1997 Act and will restore
approximately $27 billion in Medicare funding for skilled nursing providers
over the next three years. The provisions of BBRA 1999 include: i the option
for a skilled nursing provider to choose between the higher of current law, as
described above, or 100% of the federally-determined acuity-adjusted rate
effective for cost reporting periods starting on or after January 1, 2000; ii
a temporary increase of 20% in the federal adjusted per diem rates for 15 RUG
categories covering extensive services, special care, clinically complex, and
high and medium rehabilitation, for the period from April 1, 2000 through
September 30, 2000; at which time, if HCFA has not recalculated the necessary
refinements to the overall RUG-III system, the 20% increase will be extended
until such time as the calculations are completed; iii a 4% increase in the
federal adjusted per diem rates for all 44 RUG categories for each of the
periods October 1, 2000 through September 30, 2001 and October 1, 2001 through
September 30, 2002; iv a two-year moratorium on implementing the two Part B
$1,500 therapy limitations contained in the 1997 Act, effective January 1, 2000
through January 1, 2002; v a retroactive provision that corrects a technical
error in the 1997 Act denying payment of Part B services to skilled nursing
facilities participating in PPS demonstration projects; and vi exclusion from
the Medicare PPS rates of ambulance services to and from dialysis, prosthetic
devices, radioisotopes and chemotherapy furnished on or after April 1, 2000. The
Company has elected to move to a 100% federally-determined acuity-adjusted rate
on approximately 300 of its nursing facilities effective January 1, 2000. The
Company currently estimates an increase in its 2000 net operating revenues of
approximately $20,000,000 related to the impact of BBRA 1999. However, no
assurances can be given as to what the actual impact of BBRA 1999 will be on the
Company consolidated financial position or
20
22
results of operations. In addition, future federal budget legislation and
federal and state regulatory changes, including refinements to the RUG-III
system expected from HCFA by October 1, 2000, may negatively impact the Company.
The Company future operating performance will continue to be affected by
the issues facing the long-term healthcare industry as a whole, including the
maintenance of occupancy, its ability to continue to expand higher margin
businesses, the availability of nursing, therapy and other personnel, the
adequacy of funding of governmental reimbursement programs, the rising cost of
patient care liabilities, the demand for nursing home care and the nature of any
additional healthcare reform measures that may be taken by the federal
government, as well as by any state governments. The Company ability to
control costs, including its wages and related expenses which continue to rise
and represent the largest component of the Company operating and
administrative expenses, will also significantly impact its future operating
results.
PATIENT CARE LIABILITIES
General liability and professional liability costs for the long-term care
industry, especially in the state of Florida, have become increasingly expensive
and unpredictable. The Company and most of its competitors have experienced
increases in both the number of claims and the size of the typical claim. This
phenomenon is most evident in the state of Florida, where well-intended patient
rights' statutes tend to be exploited by plaintiffs' attorneys, since the
statutes allow for actual damages, punitive damages and plaintiff attorney fees
to be included in any proven violation. Statistics show that Florida long-term
care providers: i incur three times the number of general liability claims as
compared to the rest of the country; ii have general liability claims that are
approximately 250% higher in cost than the rest of the country; and iii incur
40% of the cost for general liability claims for the country, but only represent
approximately 10% of the total nursing facility beds.
Insurance companies are exiting the state of Florida, or severely
restricting their capacity to write long-term care general liability insurance,
since they cannot provide coverage when faced with the magnitude of losses and
the explosive growth of claims. Although the Company overall general liability
costs per bed in Florida are lower than the industry average in Florida, these
costs are still severely out of line with the rest of the country and continue
to escalate. The Company provision for insurance and related items decreased
approximately $65,900,000 for the year ended December 31, 1999, as compared to
the same period in 1998, primarily due to a loss portfolio transfer transaction
that significantly increased insurance costs during the fourth quarter of 1998.
Despite such decrease year over year, the Company, as well as other nursing home
providers with significant operations in Florida, are experiencing substantial
increases in patient care and other claims, evidencing the negative trend
surrounding patient care liabilities.
The Company is taking an active role in lobbying efforts to reform tort
laws in the state of Florida. In addition, community outreach programs are being
used to communicate care levels and caregiver dedication in each of its
facilities. There is significant media and legislative attention currently being
placed on these issues, and the Company is hopeful that there will be certain
reforms made in the current statutes. However, there can be no assurances made
that legislative changes will be made, or that any such changes will have a
positive impact on the current trend.
YEAR 2000 REMEDIATION
In 1996, the Company began a major systems initiative to upgrade or replace
all of its integrated financial application software to facilitate the adoption
of a new standard chart of accounts. As part of that major initiative, the
Company took the necessary steps to upgrade or replace the applications with
year 2000 compliant releases of the software whenever possible. For those
purchased software applications where the year 2000 release was not available,
the upgrades to the compliant releases were addressed as part of the year 2000
project the Y2K Project. The Company utilized both internal and external
resources to reprogram or replace, test, and implement the software and
operating equipment for year 2000 modifications. The total amount expended on
the Y2K Project was approximately $24,700,000 $22,100,000 expensed and
$2,600,000 capitalized for new systems and equipment. The Company does not
expect to incur material expenditures in the future related to the year 2000
issue.
21
23
The Company did not experience any disruptions in, or failures of, normal
business activities attributable to the year 2000 issue and does not anticipate
any such disruptions in the future.
OPERATING RESULTS
1999 COMPARED TO 1998
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Net loss was $134,647,000 for the year ended December 31, 1999, as compared
to a net loss of $31,021,000 for the year ended December 31, 1998. Net loss for
1999 included a special pre-tax charge of approximately $202,400,000 related to
the separate criminal and civil settlements of the Allocation Investigations as
discussed below. In addition, net loss for 1999 included a pre-tax charge of
approximately $23,800,000 for impaired long-lived assets, workforce reductions
and other unusual items as discussed below. Net loss for 1998 included a
pre-tax charge of approximately $69,400,000 for workforce reductions, impaired
long-lived assets and other unusual items as discussed below. In addition, net
loss for 1998 included a $1,660,000 extraordinary charge, net of income taxes,
related to the write-off of unamortized deferred financing costs associated with
the repayment of certain debt instruments, as well as certain bond refundings,
and a cumulative effect adjustment of $4,415,000, net of income taxes, related
to the adoption of SOP 98-5 as defined below.
In late July 1999, the Company reached a tentative understanding with the
U.S. Department of Justice to settle the separate civil and criminal aspects of
all investigations by the federal government and its fiscal intermediary into
the allocation of nursing labor hours to the Medicare program from 1990 to 1998
the Allocation Investigations. On February 3, 2000, the Company announced
that it had signed agreements with the Office of Inspector General of the
Department of Health and Human Services and the U.S. Department of Justice
finalizing the tentative settlements. See Part I, Item 3. Legal Proceedings.
As a result, during the year ended December 31, 1999, the Company recorded a
special pre-tax charge of approximately $202,400,000 $127,500,000, net of
income taxes, or $124 per share diluted which includes: i provisions
totaling approximately $128,800,000 representing the net present value of the
separate civil and criminal settlements; ii impairment losses of approximately
$17,000,000 on 10 nursing facilities that pled guilty of submitting erroneous
cost reports to the Medicare program in conjunction with the criminal
settlement; iii approximately $39,000,000 for certain prior year cost report
related items affected by the settlements; iv approximately $3,100,000 of debt
issuance and refinancing costs related to various bank debt modifications as a
result of the settlements; and v approximately $14,500,000 for other
investigation and settlement related costs.
The final written agreements resolved both civil and criminal matters, and
included a corporate integrity agreement, providing for a reporting and
compliance program to be overseen by the Company and the Office of Inspector
General. The provisions of the settlements were consistent with the Company
expectations as previously reported and included the planned disposition of 10
nursing facilities operated by a single subsidiary of the Company, which will
continue to operate and staff the nursing facilities until new operators are
found.
Under the Civil Settlement Agreement, the Company will reimburse the
federal government $170,000,000 as follows: i $25,000,000, which was paid
during the first quarter of 2000; and ii $145,000,000 to be withheld from the
Company biweekly Medicare periodic interim payments in equal installments over
eight years. Because this obligation does not bear interest, the Company is
required to impute interest over the eight-year period. This imputed interest
expense, along with an increase in interest and rent expense resulting from the
Amendments as defined below, will adversely impact the Company future
operating results.
Under the Plea Agreement, the subsidiary operating the 10 nursing
facilities that pled guilty of submitting erroneous cost reports to the Medicare
program paid a fine of $5,000,000 during the first quarter of 2000.
22
24
If, prior to January 1, 1999, the settlement obligations and related items
had been finalized and recorded, the Company bank debt had been refinanced and
the Company had closed or sold the facilities that are impacted by the criminal
settlement, the Company results of operations, on an unaudited pro forma
basis, would have been reduced by approximately $13,200,000, or $13 per share
diluted, for the year ended December 31, 1999.
During the fourth quarter of 1999, the Company recorded a pre-tax charge of
approximately $23,800,000 related to restructuring of agreements on certain
leased facilities; severance and other workforce reduction expenses; asset
impairments; and other unusual items. The Company negotiated the terminations of
lease agreements on 19 nursing facilities 2,047 beds, which resulted in a
charge of approximately $17,300,000. In addition, the Company accrued
approximately $5,900,000 primarily related to severance agreements associated
with three executives of the Company. Substantially all of the $5,900,000 was
paid during the first quarter of 2000.
INCOME TAXES
The Company had an annual effective tax rate of 37% for the year ended
December 31, 1999, compared to an annual effective tax rate of 51% for the year
ended December 31, 1998. The annual effective tax rate in 1999 was different
than the federal statutory rate primarily due to the impact of state income
taxes. The annual effective tax rate in 1998 was different than the federal
statutory rate primarily due to the impact of the sale of American Transitional
Hospitals, Inc. ATH, which operated as Beverly Specialty Hospitals, the
benefit of certain tax credits and the pre-tax charge of $69,400,000 as
discussed below which reduced the Company pre-tax income to a level where the
impact of permanent tax differences and state income taxes had a more
significant impact on the effective tax rate. At December 31, 1999, the Company
had federal net operating loss carryforwards of $84,259,000 for income tax
purposes which expire in years 2018 through 2019. At December 31, 1999, the
Company had general business tax credit carryforwards of $8,850,000 for income
tax purposes which expire in years 2008 through 2015. For financial reporting
purposes, the federal net operating loss carryforwards and the general business
tax credit carryforwards have been utilized to offset existing net taxable
temporary differences reversing during the carryforward periods. The Company
net deferred tax assets at December 31, 1999 will be realized primarily through
the reversal of temporary taxable differences and future taxable income.
Accordingly, the Company does not believe that a deferred tax valuation
allowance is necessary at December 31, 1999.
NET OPERATING REVENUES
The Company reported net operating revenues of $2,546,672,000 during the
year ended December 31, 1999 compared to $2,812,232,000 for the same period in
1998. Approximately 91% and 90% of the Company total net operating revenues
for the years ended December 31, 1999 and 1998, respectively, were derived from
services provided by the Company Beverly Healthcare segment. The decrease in
net operating revenues of approximately $265,600,000 for the year ended December
31, 1999, as compared to the same period in 1998, consists of the following: a
decrease of approximately $204,000,000 due to the disposition of, or lease
terminations on, 12 nursing facilities, one assisted living center and 17 home
care centers in 1999 and 26 nursing facilities and ATH in 1998; a decrease of
approximately $180,100,000 due to facilities which the Company operated during
each of the years ended December 31, 1999 and 1998 same facility operations;
partially offset by an increase of approximately $118,500,000 due to
acquisitions of nursing facilities and outpatient and home care businesses
during 1999 and 1998.
The decrease in net operating revenues of approximately $204,000,000 for
1999, as compared to the same period in 1998, resulting from dispositions and
lease terminations that occurred during the years ended December 31, 1999 and
1998 are as follows. During 1999, the Company sold or terminated the leases on
12 nursing facilities 1,291 beds, one assisted living center 10 units, 17
home care centers and certain other assets. The Company did not operate two of
these nursing facilities 166 beds which were leased to other nursing home
operators in prior year transactions. The Company recognized net pre-tax losses,
which were included in net operating revenues during the year ended December 31,
1999, of approximately $4,000,000 as a result of these dispositions. During
1998, the Company sold or terminated the leases on 26 nursing facilities
23
25
3,203 beds and certain other assets. The Company did not operate seven of
these nursing facilities 893 beds which were leased to other nursing home
operators in prior year transactions. The Company recognized net pre-tax gains,
which were included in net operating revenues during the year ended December 31,
1998, of approximately $17,900,000 as a result of these dispositions. The
operations of the disposed facilities and other assets were immaterial to the
Company consolidated financial position and results of operations.
In June 1998, the Company completed the sale of its ATH subsidiary to
Select Medical Corporation. Prior to the sale, ATH operated 15 transitional
hospitals 743 beds in eight states which addressed the needs of patients
requiring intense therapy regimens, but not necessarily the breadth of services
provided within traditional acute care hospitals. The Company recognized a
pre-tax gain, which was included in net operating revenues during the year ended
December 31, 1998, of approximately $16,000,000 as a result of this disposition.
During the year ended December 31, 1999, the Company recorded a pre-tax charge
to adjust the sales price of this disposition by approximately $4,500,000, which
was included in net operating revenues. The operations of ATH were immaterial to
the Company consolidated financial position and results of operations.
The decrease in net operating revenues of approximately $180,100,000 from
same facility operations for the year ended December 31, 1999, as compared to
the same period in 1998, was due to the following: approximately $97,800,000
decrease in ancillary revenues and approximately $48,800,000 decrease in
Medicare rates, both primarily due to the impact of PPS and other provisions of
the 1997 Act; approximately $49,300,000 decrease due to a shift in the Company
patient mix; approximately $47,200,000 decrease due to a decline in same
facility occupancy; and approximately $15,700,000 due to various other items;
partially offset by an increase of approximately $78,700,000 due primarily to
increases in Medicaid and private rates. The Company same facility occupancy
was 879% for the year ended December 31, 1999, as compared to 893% for the
same period in 1998. The Company has implemented a series of initiatives to
improve its occupancy levels and has experienced some initial success; however,
it is too early to determine the long-term effectiveness of these initiatives.
No assurance can be given that these initiatives will in fact improve the
Company occupancy levels. The Company Medicare, private and Medicaid census
for same facility operations was 9%, 19% and 71%, respectively, for the year
ended December 31, 1999, as compared to 10%, 20% and 69%, respectively, for the
same period in 1998.
The increase in net operating revenues of approximately $118,500,000 for
1999, as compared to the same period in 1998, resulting from acquisitions which
occurred during the years ended December 31, 1999 and 1998 are described as
follows. During 1999, the Company purchased three outpatient therapy clinics,
two home care centers, two nursing facilities 284 beds, one previously leased
nursing facility 190 beds and certain other assets. During 1998, the Company
purchased 111 outpatient therapy clinics, 50 home care centers, eight nursing
facilities 823 beds, one assisted living center 48 units, two previously
leased nursing facilities 228 beds and certain other assets. The acquisitions
of these facilities and other assets were accounted for as purchases. The
operations of these acquired facilities and other assets were immaterial to the
Company consolidated financial position and results of operations.
OPERATING AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES
The Company reported operating and administrative expenses of
$2,354,328,000 during the year ended December 31, 1999 compared to
$2,633,135,000 for the same period in 1998. The decrease of approximately
$278,800,000 consists of the following: a decrease of approximately $216,700,000
from same facility operations; a decrease of approximately $172,300,000 due to
dispositions; partially offset by an increase of approximately $110,200,000 due
to acquisitions. See above for a discussion of dispositions and acquisitions.
Operating and administrative expenses decreased approximately $216,700,000
from same facility operations for the year ended December 31, 1999, as compared
to the same period in 1998. This decrease was due primarily to a shift in the
Company patient mix, as well as a decline in same facility occupancy, and
consists of the following: approximately $69,500,000 due to a decrease in wages
and related expenses; approximately $50,200,000 due to a decrease in contracted
therapy expenses; and approximately $31,100,000 due primarily to decreases in
purchased ancillary products, nursing supplies and other variable costs. In
addition, the Company provision for insurance and related items decreased
approximately $65,900,000 for the year ended
24
26
December 31, 1999, as compared to the same period in 1998, primarily due to a
loss portfolio transfer transaction that significantly increased insurance costs
during the fourth quarter of 1998. Although the Company wages and related
expenses decreased for the year ended December 31, 1999, as compared to the same
period in 1998, the Company weighted average wage rate and use of registry
personnel increased, both of which underscore the increased difficulties many of
the Company nursing facilities are having attracting nursing aides, assistants
and other important personnel. The Company is addressing this challenge through
several ongoing programs and training initiatives. No assurance can be given
that these programs and training initiatives will in fact improve the Company
ability to attract these nursing and related personnel.
INTEREST EXPENSE, NET
Interest income decreased to $4,335,000 for the year ended December 31,
1999, as compared to $10,708,000 for the same period in 1998 primarily due to
the sale of investment securities in conjunction with a loss portfolio transfer
transaction during the fourth quarter of 1998. Interest expense increased to
$72,578,000 for the year ended December 31, 1999, as compared to $65,938,000 for
the same period in 1998 primarily due to an increase in net borrowings under the
Revolver/Letter of Credit Facility during the year ended December 31, 1999 as
compared to the same period in 1998, imputed interest on the civil settlement of
approximately $4,600,000, and the write-off of deferred financing costs in
conjunction with certain bond refundings.
DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION
Depreciation and amortization expense increased to $99,160,000 for the year
ended December 31, 1999, as compared to $93,722,000 for the same period in 1998.
Such increase was affected by the following: approximately $8,200,000 increase
due to capital additions and improvements, as well as acquisitions; partially
offset by a decrease of approximately $2,800,000 due to dispositions of, or
lease terminations on, certain facilities and ATH.
NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 133, Accounting for
Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities SFAS No. 133, establishes
accounting and reporting standards for derivative instruments, including certain
derivative instruments embedded in other contracts, and for hedging activities.
It requires that an entity recognize all derivatives as either assets or
liabilities in the statement of financial position and measure those instruments
at fair value. SFAS No. 133 is effective for the Company during the first
quarter of 2001. The Company has not completed its review of SFAS No. 133 but
does not expect there to be a material effect on its consolidated financial
position or results of operations.
Statement of Position 98-1, Accounting for the Costs of Computer Software
Developed or Obtained for Internal Use SOP 98-1, provides guidance on the
capitalization and amortization of costs incurred to develop or obtain computer
software for internal use. The Company adoption of SOP 98-1 during the first
quarter of 1999 did not have a material effect on its consolidated financial
position or results of operations.
1998 COMPARED TO 1997
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Operating results for 1997 included the operations of Pharmacy Corporation
of America PCA up until the effective date of the Merger as discussed
herein. Net loss was $31,021,000 for the year ended December 31, 1998, as
compared to net income of $58,593,000 for the same period in 1997. Net loss for
1998 included a pre-tax charge of approximately $69,400,000 for workforce
reductions, impaired long-lived assets and other unusual items as discussed
herein. In addition, net loss for 1998 included a $1,660,000 extraordinary
charge, net of income taxes, related to the write-off of unamortized deferred
financing costs associated with the repayment of certain debt instruments, as
well as certain bond refundings, and a cumulative effect adjustment of
$4,415,000, net of income taxes, related to the adoption of SOP 98-5 as
25
27
defined below. Net income for 1997 included a pre-tax charge of $44,000,000
relating to the December 3, 1997 Reorganization as discussed herein.
In preparing for the January 1, 1999 implementation of the new Medicare
prospective payment system PPS, as well as responding to other legislative
and regulatory changes, the Company reorganized its inpatient rehabilitative
operations, analyzed its businesses for impairment issues and implemented new
care-delivery and tracking software. These initiatives, among others, resulted
in a fourth quarter 1998 pre-tax charge of approximately $69,400,000, including
$3,800,000 for workforce reductions, $58,700,000 for asset impairments and
$6,900,000 for various other items.
During the fourth quarter of 1998, the Company reorganized all employed
therapy associates into a newly formed subsidiary, Beverly Rehabilitation, Inc.
Bev Rehab, which is part of the Company Beverly Care Alliance segment, in
order to create a more consolidated, strategic approach to managing the
Company inpatient rehabilitation business under PPS. The Company accrued
approximately $2,500,000 related to the termination of 835 therapy associates in
conjunction with this reorganization. During 1999, 770 therapy associates were
paid approximately $2,300,000 and left the Company. The Company reversed the
remaining $200,000 during 1999 for changes in its initial accounting estimates.
In addition, the Company home care and outpatient therapy units underwent
the consolidation and relocation of certain services, including billing and
collections, which resulted in a workforce reduction charge of approximately
$1,300,000 associated with the termination of 236 associates. Of these 236
associates, 74 associates were paid $233,000 and left the Company by December
31, 1998. During 1999, 85 home care and outpatient therapy associates were paid
approximately $600,000 and left the Company. The Company reversed the remaining
$500,000 during 1999 for changes in its initial accounting estimates.
The significant regulatory changes under PPS and other provisions of the
1997 Act were an indicator to management that the carrying values of certain of
its nursing facilities may not be fully recoverable. In addition, there were
certain assets that had 1998 operating losses, and anticipated future operating
losses, which led management to believe that these assets were impaired.
Accordingly, management estimated the undiscounted future cash flows to be
generated by each facility and reduced the carrying value to its estimate of
fair value, resulting in an impairment charge of approximately $9,000,000 in
1998. Management calculated the fair values of the impaired facilities by using
the present value of estimated undiscounted future cash flows, or its best
estimate of what that facility, or similar facilities in that state, would sell
for in the open market. Management believes it has the knowledge to make such
estimates of open market sales prices based on the volume of facilities the
Company has purchased and sold in previous years.
Also during the fourth quarter of 1998, management identified nine nursing
facilities with an aggregate carrying value of approximately $14,000,000 which
needed to be replaced in order to increase operating efficiencies, attract
additional census or upgrade the nursing home environment. Management committed
to a plan to construct new facilities to replace these buildings and reduced the
carrying values of these facilities to their estimated salvage values. These
assets are included in the total assets of the Company Beverly Healthcare
segment. In addition, management committed to a plan to dispose of 24 home care
centers and nine outpatient therapy clinics which had 1998 and expected future
period operating losses. These businesses had an aggregate carrying value of
approximately $16,500,000 and were written down to their fair value less costs
to sell. These assets generated pre-tax losses for the Company of approximately
$5,100,000 during the year ended December 31, 1998. Substantially all of these
assets were purchased during 1998. The Company disposed of a majority of these
assets during 1999. These assets were included in the total assets of the
Company Beverly Care Alliance segment. The Company incurred a charge of
approximately $30,300,000 related to these replacements, closings and planned
disposals. These assets were included in the consolidated balance sheet captions
Property and equipment, net and Goodwill, net at December 31, 1998.
In addition to the workforce reduction and impairment charges, the Company
recorded a fourth quarter 1998 impairment charge for other long-lived assets of
approximately $19,400,000 primarily related to the write-off of software and
software development costs. In conjunction with the implementation of business
process changes, and the need for enhanced data-gathering and reporting required
to operate effectively under
26
28
PPS, the Company installed new clinical software in each of its nursing
facilities during late-1998, which made obsolete the previously employed
software. In addition, certain of the Company other ongoing software
development projects were abandoned or written down due to obsolescence,
feasibility or cost recovery issues.
Statement of Position 98-5, Reporting on the Costs of Start-Up Activities
SOP 98-5, provides guidance on the financial reporting of start-up and
organization costs. SOP 98-5 requires costs of start-up activities and
organization costs to be expensed as incurred. Prior to 1998, the Company
capitalized start-up costs in connection with the opening of new facilities and
businesses. The Company adopted the provisions of SOP 98-5 in its financial
statements for the year ended December 31, 1998. The effect of adopting SOP 98-5
was to decrease the Company pre-tax loss from continuing operations in 1998 by
approximately $1,000,000 and to record a charge for the cumulative effect of an
accounting change, as of January 1, 1998, of $4,415,000, net of income taxes, or
$004 per share, to expense costs that had previously been capitalized.
INCOME TAXES
The Company had an annual effective tax rate of 51% for the year ended
December 31, 1998, compared to an annual effective tax rate of 46% for year
ended December 31, 1997. The annual effective tax rate in 1998 was different
than the federal statutory rate primarily due to the impact of the sale of ATH,
the benefit of certain tax credits and the pre-tax charge of $69,400,000 as
discussed above which reduced the Company pre-tax income to a level where the
impact of permanent tax differences and state income taxes had a more
significant impact on the effective tax rate. The annual effective tax rate in
1997 was different than the federal statutory rate primarily due to the impact
of nondeductible transaction costs associated with the Reorganization. At
December 31, 1998, the Company had federal net operating loss carryforwards of
$50,989,000 for income tax purposes which expire in 2018. At December 31, 1998,
the Company had general business tax credit carryforwards of $5,270,000 for
income tax purposes which expire in years 2008 through 2014. For financial
reporting purposes, the federal net operating loss carryforwards and the general
business tax credit carryforwards have been utilized to offset existing net
taxable temporary differences reversing during the carryforward periods.
NET OPERATING REVENUES
The Company reported net operating revenues of $2,812,232,000 during the
year ended December 31, 1998 compared to $3,217,099,000 for the same period in
1997. Approximately 90% and 80% of the Company total net operating revenues
for the years ended December 31, 1998 and 1997, respectively, were derived from
services provided by the Company Beverly Healthcare segment. The decrease in
net operating revenues of approximately $404,900,000 for the year ended December
31, 1998, as compared to the same period in 1997, consists of the following: a
decrease of approximately $599,900,000 due to the disposition of, or lease
terminations on, 26 nursing facilities and ATH in 1998 and 68 nursing facilities
and PCA in 1997; partially offset by an increase of approximately $155,100,000
due to the acquisitions of nursing facilities and outpatient, home care and
hospice businesses during 1998 and 1997; and an increase of approximately
$39,900,000 due to facilities which the Company operated during each of the
years ended December 31, 1998 and 1997 same facility operations.
The decrease in net operating revenues of approximately $599,900,000 for
1998, as compared to the same period in 1997, resulting from dispositions and
lease terminations that occurred during the year ended December 31, 1997 are as
follows. See above for discussion of 1998 dispositions. During 1997, the
Company sold or terminated the leases on 68 nursing facilities 8,314 beds and
certain other assets. The Company recognized net pre-tax gains, which were
included in net operating revenues during the year ended December 31, 1997, of
approximately $19,900,000 as a result of these dispositions. The operations of
these disposed facilities and other assets were immaterial to the Company
consolidated financial position and results of operations.
On December 3, 1997, the Company completed a tax-free reorganization the
Reorganization in order to facilitate the merger of PCA with Capstone
Pharmacy Services, Inc. the Merger. As a result of the Merger, the Company
received approximately $281,000,000 of cash as partial repayment for PCA
27
29
intercompany debt, with a charge to the Company retained earnings of
approximately $45,100,000 for the remaining intercompany balance which was not
repaid. Pursuant to the Merger, each of the Company stockholders of record at
the close of business on December 3, 1997 received 4551 shares of PharMerica,
Inc. common stock for each share of the Company Common Stock held. The
conversion ratio was based on a total of 109,873,230 outstanding shares of the
Company Common Stock at the close of business on December 3, 1997 divided into
the 50,000,000 shares issued by PharMerica, Inc.
In connection with the Reorganization, the Company incurred $44,000,000 of
transaction costs related to the restructuring, repayment or renegotiating of
substantially all of the Company outstanding debt instruments, as well as the
renegotiating or making of certain payments, primarily in the form of
accelerated vesting of stock-based awards, under various employment agreements
with officers of the Company. Such amounts were funded with a portion of the
$281,000,000 proceeds received as partial repayment of PCA intercompany debt,
as discussed above. Included in the $44,000,000 of transaction costs were
approximately $18,000,000 of non-cash expenses related to various long-term
incentive agreements.
Total net operating revenues for PCA for the year ended December 31, 1997
were approximately $564,200,000 and represent the operations of PCA prior to the
Merger.
The increase in net operating revenues of approximately $155,100,000 for
1998, as compared to the same period in 1997, resulting from acquisitions which
occurred during the year ended December 31, 1997 are as follows. See above for
discussion of 1998 acquisitions. During 1997, the Company purchased six
previously leased nursing facilities 758 beds and certain other assets
including, among other things, 14 institutional pharmacies and 40 outpatient
therapy clinics. The acquisitions of these facilities and other assets were
accounted for as purchases. The operations of these acquired facilities and
other assets were immaterial to the Company consolidated financial position
and results of operations.
The increase in net operating revenues of approximately $39,900,000 from
same facility operations for the year ended December 31, 1998, as compared to
the same period in 1997, was due to the following: approximately $92,300,000 due
to increases in room and board rates and approximately $6,100,000 due to various
other items; partially offset by approximately $30,400,000 decrease in ancillary
revenues due to a decline in the Company Medicare census and, to a lesser
extent, as a result of hiring therapists on staff as opposed to contracting for
their services; approximately $19,900,000 due to a decrease in same facility
occupancy to 893% for the year ended December 31, 1998, as compared to 901%
for the same period in 1997; and approximately $8,200,000 due to a shift in the
Company patient mix. The Company Medicare, private and Medicaid census for
same facility operations was 10%, 20% and 69%, respectively, for the year ended
December 31, 1998, as compared to 12%, 19% and 68%, respectively, for the same
period in 1997.
OPERATING AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES
The Company reported operating and administrative expenses of
$2,633,135,000 during the year ended December 31, 1998 compared to
$2,888,021,000 for the same period in 1997. The decrease of approximately
$254,900,000 consists of the following: a decrease of approximately $534,700,000
due to dispositions; partially offset by an increase of approximately
$141,400,000 due to acquisitions; and an increase of approximately $138,400,000
from same facility operations. See above for a discussion of dispositions and
acquisitions.
The increase in operating and administrative expenses of approximately
$138,400,000 from same facility operations for the year ended December 31, 1998,
as compared to the same period in 1997, was due to the following: approximately
$66,500,000 due to an increase in the provision for insurance and related items;
approximately $61,400,000 due to increased wages and related expenses
principally due to higher wages and greater benefits required to attract and
retain qualified personnel and the hiring of therapists on staff as opposed to
contracting for their services; approximately $32,900,000 due to increases in
purchased ancillary products, nursing supplies and other variable costs; and
approximately $13,300,000 due to various other items. These increases in
operating and administrative expenses were partially offset by approximately
$35,700,000
28
30
due to a decrease in contracted therapy expenses as a result of hiring
therapists on staff as opposed to contracting for their services.
On December 31, 1998, Beverly Indemnity, Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of
the Company, completed a risk transfer of substantially all of its pre-May 1998
auto liability, general liability and workers' compensation claims liability to
a third party insurer effected through a loss portfolio transfer valued as of
December 31, 1998. In exchange for a premium of approximately $116,000,000 paid
primarily from restricted cash and investments, the Company acquired
reinsurance of approximately $180,000,000 to insure such auto liability, general
liability and workers' compensation losses. In addition, in exchange for a
premium of approximately $4,000,000, the Company acquired excess coverage of
approximately $20,000,000 for general liability losses. The Company provision
for insurance and related items increased approximately $82,200,000 during the
fourth quarter of 1998 primarily as a result of this transaction.
INTEREST EXPENSE, NET
Net interest expense decreased approximately $14,300,000 to $55,230,000 for
the year ended December 31, 1998, as compared to $69,512,000 for the same period
in 1997 primarily due to the conversion of the Company 5 1/2% convertible
subordinated debentures to Common Stock in the third quarter of 1997, as well as
the repayments of the Company 7 5/8% convertible subordinated debentures, the
8 3/4% Notes and certain other notes and mortgages during the fourth quarter of
1997 with the proceeds from the Merger.
DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION
Depreciation and amortization expense decreased approximately $13,300,000
to $93,722,000 for the year ended December 31, 1998, as compared to $107,060,000
for the same period in 1997. Such decrease was affected by the following:
approximately $25,900,000 decrease due to the dispositions of, or lease
terminations on, certain nursing facilities, ATH and PCA; partially offset by an
increase of approximately $12,600,000 due to acquisitions, as well as capital
additions and improvements.
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
At December 31, 1999, the Company had approximately $24,700,000 in cash and
cash equivalents, approximately $105,700,000 of net working capital and
approximately $222,700,000 of unused commitments under its Revolver/Letter of
Credit Facility.
Net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31,
1999 was approximately $189,100,000, an increase of approximately $182,400,000
from the prior year primarily due to a reduction in patient accounts receivable
as a result of the sale of receivables to BFC as defined below, as well as the
Company continuing focus on cash collections, and certain income tax refunds
received during the year ended December 31, 1999. Net cash used for investing
and financing activities were approximately $71,500,000 and $110,200,000,
respectively, for the year ended December 31, 1999. The Company received net
cash proceeds of approximately $126,000,000 from the issuance of long-term debt,
approximately $41,900,000 from the dispositions of facilities and other assets
and approximately $22,200,000 from collections on notes receivable. Such net
cash proceeds, along with cash generated from operations, were used to repay
approximately $152,000,000 of net borrowings under the Revolver/Letter of Credit
Facility, to repay approximately $80,600,000 of long-term debt and to fund
capital expenditures totaling approximately $95,400,000.
In January 1999, the Company entered into a $65,000,000 promissory note
with A.I. Credit Corp. at an annual interest rate of 650%. The promissory note
is secured by a surety bond. In October 1999, the note was renegotiated to allow
the Company to make an interest-only payment in January 2000 at an annual
interest rate of 650%, with the principal balance payable in two equal
installments in January 2001 and in January 2002 at an annual interest rate of
700%. The proceeds from this promissory note were used to pay down Revolver
borrowings.
29
31
During the year ended December 31, 1999, the Company entered into
promissory notes totaling approximately $10,820,000 in conjunction with the
construction of certain nursing facilities and approximately $15,100,000 in
conjunction with the acquisitions of certain facilities. Such debt instruments
bear interest at rates ranging from 700% to 800%, require monthly installments
of principal and interest, and are secured by mortgage interests in the real
property and security interests in the personal property of the facilities.
During 1999, the Company refinanced its Medium Term Notes and increased its
borrowings from $40,000,000 to $70,000,000. The Medium Term Notes are
collateralized by patient accounts receivable, which are sold by Beverly Health
and Rehabilitation Services, Inc. BHRS currently operating as Beverly
Healthcare, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, to Beverly Funding
Corporation BFC, a wholly-owned bankruptcy remote subsidiary of the Company.
As a result of this refinancing, the Company was required by Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 125, Accounting for Transfers and Servicing
of Financial Assets and Extinguishments of Liabilities, SFAS No. 125 to
deconsolidate BFC. SFAS No. 125 provides accounting and reporting standards for
sales, securitizations, and servicing of receivables and other financial assets,
secured borrowing and collateral transactions, and the extinguishments of
liabilities. It requires companies to recognize the financial and servicing
assets it controls and the liabilities it has incurred and to deconsolidate
financial assets when control has been surrendered in accordance with the
criteria provided in SFAS No. 125. Deconsolidation of BFC, which had total
assets of approximately $113,400,000, which cannot be used to satisfy claims of
the Company or any of its subsidiaries, total liabilities of approximately
$75,800,000 and total stockholder equity of approximately $37,600,000 at
December 31, 1999, caused a reduction in the Company accounts
receivable-patient and long-term debt. In addition, the Company recorded its
ongoing investment in BFC as an increase in other, net assets. The Company
Statements of Cash Flows reflect the change in receivables sold to BFC from June
30, 1999 to December 31, 1999 in the caption Accounts receivable -- patient and
the change in the Company investment in BFC from June 30, 1999 to December 31,
1999 in the caption Other, net -- investing.
The Company has a $125,000,000 financing arrangement available for the
construction of certain facilities. The Company leases the facilities, under
operating leases with the creditor, upon completion of construction. The Company
has the option to purchase these facilities at the end of the initial lease
terms at fair market value. Total construction advances under the financing
arrangement as of December 31, 1999 were approximately $111,200,000.
Effective September 30, 1999, the Company executed an amendment to the
Credit Agreement covering the Company $375,000,000 Revolver/Letter of Credit
Facility, as well as amendments with certain of its other lenders covering debt
of approximately $199,000,000 collectively, the Amendments. Such Amendments
were required since recording of the special charges related to the Allocation
Investigations, as discussed herein, would have resulted in the Company
noncompliance with certain financial covenants contained in those debt
agreements. The Amendments modified certain financial covenant levels and
increased the annual interest rates for such debt.
The settlements of the Allocation Investigations require payments totaling
$30,000,000 $25,000,000 for the first installment of the civil settlement
reimbursement and $5,000,000 for the criminal settlement within 30 days of
signing the final separate civil and criminal settlement documents, with the
remaining $145,000,000 civil settlement reimbursement to be withheld from the
Company biweekly Medicare periodic interim payments for a period of eight
years. The Company used borrowings under its Revolver/Letter of Credit Facility
to make the initial $30,000,000 payments during the first quarter of 2000. The
Company anticipates cash flows from operations to decline approximately
$18,100,000 per year as a result of the reduction in Medicare periodic interim
payments and, therefore, may incur additional borrowings under the Revolver/
Letter of Credit Facility to fund ongoing cash needs.
The Company currently anticipates that cash flows from operations and
borrowings under its banking arrangements will be adequate to repay its debts
due within one year of approximately $34,100,000, to fund the settlement
obligations to the federal government, to make normal recurring capital
additions and improvements of approximately $96,000,000, to make selective
acquisitions, including the purchase of previously leased facilities, to
construct new facilities, and to meet working capital requirements for the
twelve
30
32
months ending December 31, 2000. If cash flows from operations or availability
under existing banking arrangements fall below expectations, the Company may be
required to delay capital expenditures, dispose of certain assets, issue
additional debt securities, or consider other alternatives to improve liquidity.
ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.
The Company is exposed to market risk because it utilizes financial
instruments. The market risks inherent in these instruments are represented by
the potential loss due to adverse changes in the general level of U.S. interest
rates. The Company manages its interest rate risk exposure by maintaining a mix
of fixed and variable rates for debt and notes receivable. The following table
provides information regarding the Company market sensitive financial
instruments and constitutes a forward-looking statement. EXPECTED MATURITY DATES  2000    2001    2002    2003    2004   THEREAFTER   TOTAL
-                                            DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS
Total long-term debt:
Fixed Rate. $33,408  $ 61,055  $57,675  $32,402  $40,793   $401,562   $626,895
Average Interest
Rate.   838%    743%   734%   852%   801%    888 Variable Rate. $  644  $114,762  $23,786  $  905  $ 1,030   $ 12,194   $153,321
Average Interest
Rate.   654%    802%   642%   654%   650%    652 Total notes receivable:
Fixed Rate. $16,468  $  949  $  639  $ 3,992  $  519   $ 2,051   $ 24,618
Average Interest
Rate.   954%    876%   870%   900%   900%    873 Variable Rate. $  47  $   53  $  56  $  62  $  68   $  873   $ 1,159
Average Interest
Rate.   875%    875%   875%   875%   875%    875              FAIR VALUE   FAIR VALUE
DECEMBER 31,  DECEMBER 31,
EXPECTED MATURITY DATES   1999      1998
-                  DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS
Total long-term debt:
Fixed Rate.  $591,199    $585,394
Average Interest
Rate.
Variable Rate.  $153,321    $344,060
Average Interest
Rate.
Total notes receivable:
Fixed Rate.  $ 19,400    $ 43,600
Average Interest
Rate.
Variable Rate.  $ 1,200    $ 1,300
Average Interest
Rate.                    31
33
ITEM 8. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.                                PAGE
Report of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors.  33
Consolidated Balance   34
Consolidated Statements of   35
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity.  36
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.  37
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  38
Supplementary Data Unaudited -- Quarterly Financial
62                    32
34
REPORT OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP, INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
The Board of Directors and Stockholders
Beverly Enterprises, Inc.
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Beverly
Enterprises, Inc. as of December 31, 1999 and 1998, and the related consolidated
statements of operations, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the
three years in the period ended December 31, 1999. Our audits also included the
financial statement schedule listed in the Index at 