Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
The financial statements, together with the report thereon of Deloitte Touche LLP dated September 4, 2015, the report of management on internal control over financial reporting and the report of Deloitte Touche LLP on internal control over financial reporting dated September 4, 2015, which appear on pages 33 through 59 of the Companys 2015 Annual Report to Shareholders, are incorporated herein by reference.
Our quarterly results of operations included under Financial Summary-Quarterly Financial Data Unaudited which appears on page 61 of the Companys 2015 Annual Report to Shareholders is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
None.
5 Item 2. Controls and Procedures
The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15e and 15d-15e under the SecuritiesExchange Act of 1934, as amended the Exchange Act, that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commissions rules and forms, and that the information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to its management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.The Company carried out an evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this report, under the supervision and with the participation of the Companys management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Companys disclosure controls and procedures.Based on such evaluation, the Companys Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Companys disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report at reaching a level of reasonable assurance. It should be noted that in designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management was necessarily required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures.The Company has designed its disclosure controls and procedures to reach a level of reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives.
There was no change in the Company internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules13a15f and 15d15f under the Exchange Act that occurred during the quarter ended June 28, 2015 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Companys internal control over financial reporting.
The report of management required under this Item 9A is included on page 57 of the Companys 2015 Annual Report to Shareholders under the heading Report on Managements Assessment of Internal Control over Financial Reporting and is incorporated herein by reference.
The attestation report required under this Item 9A is included on page 58 of the Companys 2015 Annual Report to Shareholders under the heading Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
None.
5 Item 2. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
The information included in the Companys Proxy Statement, dated on or about September 4, 2015, under Proposal 1: Election of Directors,Corporate Governance Matters-Code of Business Ethics, Audit Committee Matters-Audit Committee Financial Expert, Executive Officers,Section 16a Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance, and Corporate Governance Matters-Director Nominations is incorporated herein by reference.
The Audit Committee of the Companys Board of Directors is an audit committee for purposes of Section 3a58A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.The members of the Audit Committee consist of three outside independent directors, David R. Zimmer, Audit Committee Chairman, Thomas W. Florsheim, Jr., and Michael J. Koss.
