Item8.
Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data   The information required by this Item is incorporated by
reference from the financial statements beginning on
pageF-1
of this Annual Report on
Form10-K.   
Item1.   Business   2
Item1A.   Risk
Factors   15
Item1B.   Unresolved Staff
Comments   25
Item2.   Properties   25
Item3.   Legal
Proceedings   25
Item4.
Controls
and Procedures   Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   Our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, after
evaluating the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
procedures as defined in Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended,
Rule13a-15e
as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on
Form10-K,
have concluded that as of the end of such period, our disclosure
controls and procedures are effective and ensure that
information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that
we file under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time
period specified in the SECs rules and forms and is
accumulated and communicated to our management, including our
chief executive officer and chief financial officer, to allow
for timely decisions regarding required disclosure.   Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting   There was no change in our internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during our fourth fiscal quarter ended
December31, 2006 that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting.   Dot Hill
Systems Corp.s Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting   Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
effective internal control over financial reporting, as such
term is defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended,
Rules13a-15f
and
15d-15f.   Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting as of December31, 2006. In making
this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
COSO in Internal Control Integrated
Framework. Based on this assessment, management concluded
that, as of December31, 2006, our internal control over
financial reporting was effective.   Managements assessment of the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting as of
December31, 2006 has been audited by Deloitte
Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as
stated in their report, which is included below.   
45 Table of Contents   REPORT OF
INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of   Dot Hill Systems Corp. and subsidiaries   Carlsbad, California   We have audited managements assessment, included in the
accompanying Dot Hill Systems Corp.s Report on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting, that Dot Hill Systems Corp.
and subsidiaries the Company maintained effective
internal control over financial reporting as of
December31, 2006, based on criteria established in
Internal Control Integrated Framework issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission. The Companys management is responsible for
maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting
and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control
over financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on managements assessment and an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Companys internal control over
financial reporting based on our audit.   We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control
over financial reporting was maintained in all material
respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of
internal control over financial reporting, evaluating
managements assessment, testing and evaluating the design
and operating effectiveness of internal control, and performing
such other procedures as we considered necessary in the
circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable
basis for our opinions.   A companys internal control over financial reporting is a
process designed by, or under the supervision of, the
companys principal executive and principal financial
officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected
by the companys board of directors, management, and other
personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. A companys
internal control over financial reporting includes those
policies and procedures that 1pertain to the maintenance
of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
company; 2provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of
management and directors of the company; and 3provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
companys assets that could have a material effect on the
financial statements.   Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over
financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or
improper management override of controls, material misstatements
due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a
timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of the
effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting
to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may
become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the
degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate.   In our opinion, managements assessment that the Company
maintained effective internal control over financial reporting
as of December31, 2006, is fairly stated, in all material
respects, based on the criteria established in Internal
Control Integrated Framework issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all
material respects, effective internal control over financial
reporting as of December31, 2006, based on the criteria
established in Internal Control Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission.   
46 Table of Contents   We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the
consolidated financial statements and financial statement
schedule as of and for the year ended December31, 2006 of
the Company and our report dated March14, 2007 expressed
an unqualified opinion on those financial statements and the
financial statement schedule, and includes an explanatory
paragraph regarding the adoption of Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No123R, Share-Based
Payment, effective January1, 2006.   /s/DELOITTE
TOUCHE LLP   SanDiego, California   March14, 2007   
47 Table of Contents   
Item1.   Business   2
Item1A.   Risk
Factors   15
Item1B.   Unresolved Staff
Comments   25
Item2.   Properties   25
Item3.   Legal
Proceedings   25
Item4.
Directors,
Executive Officers and Corporate Governance   Some of the information required by this item is incorporated by
reference to our Definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the
SEC pursuant to Regulation14A in connection with our 2007
annual meeting under the headings Election of
Directors and Section16a Beneficial
Ownership Reporting Compliance. Other information required
by this item is incorporated by reference to Item1 of
PartI of this Annual Report on
Form10-K
under the heading Executive Officers and Key Employees of
the Registrant.   The company has adopted a code of ethics that applies to its
principal executive officer, principal financial officer,
principal accounting officer or controller, or persons
performing similar functions. This code of ethics is
incorporated in our code of business conduct and ethics that
applies to all of our officers, directors and employees. A copy
of our code of business conduct and ethics is available on our
web site at www.dothill.com. We intend to satisfy the SECs
disclosure requirements regarding amendments to, or waivers of,
the code of business conduct and ethics by posting such
information on our web site. A paper copy of our code of
business conduct and ethics may be obtained free of charge by
writing to the company care of its Investor Relations Department
at our principal executive office.   
