ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The following financial statements are attached as a separate section on
pages F-1 through F-16 following the signature page to this Annual Report on
Form 10-K    Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2004 and 2003
Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the years ended December 31, 2004,
2003 and 2002
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity for the years
ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31,
2004, 2003 and 2002
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
Management Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
SUPPLEMENTARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION
The selected quarterly financial data is included in Note L to the
consolidated financial statements filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
None.
Item 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. Under the supervision
and with the participation of the
22 Company management, including the Company Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, the Company evaluated the effectiveness of the design and
operation of its disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule
13a-15e under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended the
Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by
this report, the Company disclosure controls and procedures were adequately
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in
the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in
applicable rules and forms.
Management Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting -
Management Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appears
on page F-14.
Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm - The
attestation report of Grant Thornton LLP, the Company independent registered
public accounting firm, regarding the Company internal control over financial
reporting is provided on pages F-15 - F-16.
Changes in Internal Controls. On October 1, 2004, the Company acquired
Loegering Mfg. Inc. During the quarter ended December 31, 2004, Loegering
processes and systems were discrete and did not significantly impact internal
controls over financial reporting at the Company.
There were no other changes in the Company internal control over
financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15f under the Exchange Act
during the fourth fiscal quarter of 2004, that have materially affected, or are
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting.
Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
None.
Item 4 is incorporated by reference to the
sections entitled Corporate Governance, and Section 16a Beneficial
Ownership Reporting Compliance in the Company Proxy Statement for its 2005
Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission within 120 days of the Company fiscal year end.
The Company has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics the Code
of Ethics which applies to the Company directors, officers and employees.
The Code of Ethics is published on the Company website at www.asvi.com under
Investors Relations - Corporate Governance. Any amendments to the Code of
Ethics and waivers of the Code of Ethics for the Company Chief Executive
Officer, Chief Financial Officer or Controller will be published on the
Company website.
Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
None.
Item 4 is incorporated by reference to the
sections entitled Executive Compensation other than the section entitled
Compensation Committee Report on Executive Compensation, Compensation of
Directors and Compensation Committee Interlocks and Inside Participation in
the Company Proxy Statement for its 2005 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which
will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the
Company fiscal year end.
