Item8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data The financial statements required by this item are set forth on
pages F-1 through F-44 and the related financial statement
schedule is set forth on page F-45. 62 Table of Contents   
Item1.
Business
5
Item2.
Properties
32
Item3.
Legal Proceedings
32
Item4.
Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security
Holders
33
PARTII   Item5.
Control and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that
are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
in our Securities Exchange Act of 1934 reports is recorded,
processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods
specified in the SECs rules and forms, and that such
information is accumulated and communicated to the
Companys management, including our Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer and Executive Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions
regarding required financial disclosure. As of the end of the period covered by this report, we carried
out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the
participation of our management, including our Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer along with our Executive Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design
and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant
to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15. In light of the issues referenced below in
Managements Report on Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting, our Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer along with our Executive Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures were not effective at a reasonable assurance
level as of the end of the period covered by this report, due to
the existence of the material weakness described below. Managements Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined
in Rule 13a-15f under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended. The Companys internal control over financial
reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our
management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2004. In
making this assessment, our management has utilized the criteria
set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission COSO in its report entitled Internal
Control- Integrated Framework. Because of its inherent
limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not
prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the
risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate. A material weakness is a control deficiency, or combination of
control deficiencies, that results in a more than remote
likelihood that a material misstatement of the annual or interim
financial statements will not be prevented or detected. As of
December 31, 2004, the Company did not maintain effective
controls over accounting for income taxes and the determination
of deferred income tax assets and liabilities, foreign income
taxes payable and the benefit provision for income taxes.
Specifically, the Company did not have effective controls to i
identify and evaluate in a timely manner the tax implications of
certain non-routine transactions, new accounting pronouncements
and new state, federal or international tax legislation; and
ii ensure appropriate preparation and review of the benefit
provision for income taxes and the components of deferred
income tax assets and liabilities and foreign income taxes
payable. These control deficiencies resulted in an audit
adjustment to the 2004 financial statements but they did not
result in the restatement of the Companys annual or
interim financial statements. Additionally, these control
deficiencies could result in a misstatement to deferred income
tax assets and liabilities, foreign income taxes payable or the
benefit provision for income taxes resulting in a material
misstatement to the annual or interim financial statements.
Accordingly, management has determined that these control
deficiencies constitute a material weakness. Because of this
material weakness, management has concluded that its internal
control over 63 Table of Contents financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2004,
based on criteria in Internal Control
Integrated Framework issued by the COSO. Management
communicated its conclusions to the Audit Committee of the
Companys Board of Directors. Managements assessment of the effectiveness of the
Companys internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2004 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers
LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated
in their report which is included herein. Remediation of Material Weakness Until the fourth quarter of 2004, the Company provided a
valuation allowance against substantially all of our deferred
tax assets. The deferred tax assets primarily represent the
income tax benefit of net operating losses that the Company has
incurred since inception. Based upon current operating
performance and the Companys expectation that we can
generate sustainable income for the foreseeable future, we now
believe that substantially all of our U.S. deferred tax assets
will more likely than not be fully realized. As a result, we
reversed substantially all of the deferred tax asset valuation
allowance against our U.S. deferred tax assets in the fourth
quarter of 2004. The audit adjustment identified in Managements
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting was
primarily related to the calculation of deferred income tax
assets and liabilities on non-routine transactions, aspects of
which required complex application of Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 109 Accounting for Income
Taxes SFAS 109. This audit adjustment had an
impact to our fourth quarter of 2004 benefit provision for
income taxes because of the reversal of substantially all of our
valuation allowance in the fourth quarter. In order to remediate the material weakness described in
Managements Report on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting, we i have engaged our U.S. and
foreign tax consultant on a more comprehensive basis, to provide
both U.S. and foreign tax expertise and SFAS 109 expertise; ii
have commenced a search for additional qualified personnel with
U.S. and foreign tax expertise, as well as SFAS 109 experience;
and iii are improving our system of internal controls over
evaluating the income tax implications of non-routine business
transactions, new accounting pronouncements and new state,
federal and international tax legislation for appropriate
treatment and the review of consolidated benefit provisions
for income taxes. Our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer along with our
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer believe
that these remediation measures when implemented will address
this material weakness and will also allow us to conclude that
our disclosure controls and procedures are effective at a
reasonable level of assurance at future filing dates. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have conducted a thorough review and evaluation of our
internal control over financial reporting as part of the
Companys compliance with the requirements of Section 404
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. We have dedicated substantial
resources to the review of our control processes and procedures.
Based on the results of this review, we have initiated revisions
and enhancements to improve our internal control over financial
reporting. As previously disclosed in our Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2004, management
had identified an internal control deficiency in our
international operations indicative of a material weakness in
our internal control over financial reporting. In order to
remediate this material weakness, during the quarter ended
December 31, 2004 and continuing thereafter, management
implemented the following measures   
Increased staffing with additional personnel trained in
financial reporting under accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States GAAP.     
Improved documentation, communication, and periodic review of
our accounting policies throughout our domestic and
international locations for consistency and application in
accordance with GAAP at each of our operating locations. 64 Table of Contents   
Enhanced training for our international finance and accounting
personnel to familiarize them with the Companys accounting
policies.     
Enhanced reporting from our international locations in the area
of compliance with corporate accounting policies and more
oversight by headquarters accounting personnel to identify any
deviations from Company accounting policies. Management has concluded that these measures have been effective
in remediating this material weakness. As discussed above,
during our year-end audit, our management concluded that a
material weakness existed in our controls over accounting for
income taxes, and we have initiated the remediation measures
described above in Remediation of Material Weakness.
Other than these remediation measures with regard to material
weaknesses and the other improvements noted above, there have
been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2004, that
have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting.   
