Item8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data, in 2005 we reported significant foreign currency
exchange losses, primarily attributable to the
mark-to-market
of hedges, compared with exchange gains in 2004.   
During 2005, we incurred significant legal and consulting fees
to pursue claims recovery on several projects. During 2004, we
incurred minimal fees associated with claims pursuit and
negotiated recovery of a claim that had been previously written
off.   North
America   Our North America segment was impacted by several key factors,
including recognition of potentially unrecoverable costs on two
projects, one that is substantially complete and another that
was partially canceled and is currently on hold, as well as
increases in forecasted costs to complete several projects in
the U.S.resulting from higher than expected construction
costs, primarily related to third party construction sublets.
Our third party construction sublet costs increased
substantially during the second half of 2005 due to tight market
conditions, which were further impacted by the effects of
Hurricanes Katrina and Rita. The reconstruction effort led by
FEMA attracted a large portion of construction capacity, raising
cost profiles and making resources scarce for other work in the
U.S.unrelated to Gulf Coast reconstruction efforts. The
impact of these factors is expected to be limited to certain
projects in backlog, as escalation clauses, cost adjustments, or
similar protections have been included in our bids for new
projects.   
27 Table of Contents   North
America Projects in a Loss Position   Our gross profit was negatively affected by the provision for
potentially unrecoverable costs on a non-construction,
fabrication-only project in the U.S.The project was
scheduled for completion by the end of 2006, but a dispute
arose. We have ceased fabrication and we and our customer have
filed legal claims against one another for breach of contract.
Because the contract is currently forecasted to result in a
loss, provision for such loss was made resulting in a
$94million charge to earnings in 2005. The loss does not
include possible additional losses that might be incurred in
connection with the termination dispute.   A second project, where we had engineering, procurement and
construction responsibility, was forecasted to close in a
profitable position through the first quarter of 2005. However,
as the project moved into the construction phase during the
second quarter, construction costs increased substantially as a
result of engineering changes and the cost escalation factors
previously described above. As the project was forecasted to
close in a loss position in the second quarter, provision for
such loss was made, resulting in a $58million charge to
earnings in the period. During the third and fourth quarters,
there were additional unexpected increases in third party sublet
costs primarily as a result of scarcity of resources due to
Hurricanes Katrina and Rita. As such, provisions for additional
losses were made in the third quarter, resulting in a
$49million charge to earnings in this period. Total
provisions charged to earnings during 2005 for this project were
$96million. The project was substantially complete at
December31, 2005.   During 2004, we had recognized charges of $230million
relative to unrecoverable costs associated with a completed
contract in this segment. No significant provisions were charged
to earnings for this project during 2005.   EAME   The decrease in the EAME segment was primarily attributable to
provisions for a project forecasted to be in a loss position, as
further described below, higher legal costs associated with the
pursuit of claims recovery and progress on a mix of lower margin
work compared with 2004. Also impacting the segment were
adjustments to projected costs to complete a project in our
Middle East region which experienced delays for which we intend
to submit and pursue change orders and claims, and losses
attributable to the
mark-to-market
of hedges deemed to be ineffective. Provisions charged to income
in 2004 within this segment for an unrelated project in a loss
position within our Saudi region were $266million. There
were no significant charges to earnings during 2005 for this
project.   EAME
Project in a Loss Position   A project in the Europe region of our EAME segment was
forecasted to close in a profitable position through the second
quarter of 2005. However, in the third quarter of 2005, our
forecast of total project costs increased as a result of a
series of unforeseen events. We had previously committed to
completing a section of the project prior to the winter season
on an accelerated basis. However, due to the early onset of
harsh weather conditions, savings from the expected early
completion were not realized and additional costs were required
for demobilization, storage and remobilization procedures. These
procedures required additional costs for various items,
including expatriate civil supervision, termination benefits for
local direct hire employees and retraining of civil workers to
be hired to complete this work upon remobilization. Also
impacting the project was a shortage of available local
specialty material. This required substantial increases in cost
estimates due to increased market prices for the material and
unexpected freight costs during a period of escalating fuel
prices. As a result of these previously unforeseen events, in
the third quarter of 2005 we increased our estimate of all costs
expected to be incurred to complete the project. As the project
was forecasted to result in a loss in the third quarter,
provision for such loss was made in the period. Also during the
third quarter, as a result of a change in the probability of
collection of certain claims previously recognized to the extent
of identified cost incurred, we established a $30million
reserve for such claims. These increased forecasted costs and
reserves were provided for in the period, resulting in a total
charge of $332million in the third quarter. Total
provisions charged to earnings during 2005 for this project were
$311million.   
28 Table of Contents   Other   At December31, 2005, we had outstanding unapproved change
orders/claims recognized of $485million, net of reserves,
of which $435million is associated with a completed
project in our EAME segment. Regarding the change orders/claims
associated with the EAME segment project, we have received
substantial cash advances. While we have received a settlement
offer for more than the cash received through December31,
2005, we believe our net exposure is approximately
$111million, which represents the contract price less
cash received to date. If in the future we determine collection
of the $435million of unapproved change orders/claims is
not probable, it would result in a charge to earnings in the
period such determination is made. As of December31, 2004,
we had outstanding unapproved change orders/claims recognized of
$461million, net of reserves.   Selling and Administrative
ExpensesSelling and administrative
expenses were $1069million, or 47% of revenue, in 2005,
compared with $985million, or 52% of revenue, in 2004.
The absolute dollar increase compared with 2004 related
primarily to increased professional fees, including fees
relating to the inquiry conducted by our Supervisory
Boards Audit Committee and the proceedings involving the
U.S.Federal Trade Commission.   Income from OperationsDuring 2005,
income from operations was $502million, representing a
$518million decrease compared with 2004. As described
above, our results were unfavorably impacted during the year by
lower gross profit levels, as well as increased selling, general
and administrative costs. The overall decrease was partially
offset by higher revenue volume and increased gains on the sale
of property, plant, equipment and technology, primarily
attributable to a $79million gain associated with the
sale of non-core business related technology.   Interest Expense and Interest
IncomeInterest expense increased
$06million from the prior year to $89million,
primarily due to higher foreign short-term borrowing levels and
interest associated with our contingent tax obligations,
partially offset by the impact of a scheduled principle
installment payment of $250million on our senior notes.
Interest income increased $43million from 2004 to
$65million primarily due to higher short-term investment
levels and associated returns.   Income Tax ExpenseIncome tax expense
for 2005 and 2004 was $284million, or 593% of pre-tax
income, and $313million, or 326% of pre-tax income,
respectively. The rate increase compared with 2004 was primarily
due to the
U.S./non-U.S.income
mix, the establishment of valuation allowances against foreign
losses primarily generated from the previously discussed EAME
segment projects, recording of tax reserves, provision to tax
return adjustments and foreign withholding taxes. As of
December31, 2005, we had approximately $239million
of U.S.net operating loss carryforwards
NOLs, none of which were subject to limitation
under Internal Revenue Code Section382. We expect our 2006
rate to return to a more normal level of 300% to 350%.   We operate in more than 60 locations worldwide and, therefore,
are subject to the jurisdiction of multiple taxing authorities.
Determination of taxable income in any given jurisdiction
requires the interpretation of applicable tax laws, regulations,
treaties, tax pronouncements and other tax agreements. As a
result, we are subject to tax assessments in such jurisdictions,
including assessments related to the determination of taxable
income, transfer pricing and the application of tax treaties,
among others. We believe we have adequately provided for any
such known or anticipated assessments. We believe that the
majority of the amount currently provided under Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards SFAS No5,
Accounting for Contingencies
SFASNo5, will not be settled in the
next twelve months and such possible settlement will not have a
significant impact on our liquidity.   Minority Interest in Income
LossMinority interest in income in 2005
was $35million compared with minority interest in loss of
$11million in 2004. The change from 2004 primarily
relates to the prior year recognition of our minority
partners share of losses within our EAME segment.   2004
VERSUS 2003   New Business Taken/BacklogNew business
taken was $26billion during 2004, compared with
$17billion in 2003. Approximately 55% of the new business
taken during 2004 was for contracts awarded in North America.
During 2004, new business taken increased 31% in the North
America segment, due primarily to significant LNG expansion and
peak shaving awards in the United States. New business taken for
the EAME segment increased   
29 Table of Contents   153% primarily due to the award of an LNG import terminal
project in the United Kingdom valued in excess of
$7000million. New business taken in our AP segment
decreased 8% primarily due to fewer standard tank awards in
China and Thailand. New business taken in the CSA segment
decreased 8% during 2004 as a result of fewer LNG awards in the
Caribbean.   Backlog increased $7487million or 47% to
$23billion at December31, 2004, primarily due to
the LNG import terminal new award in the United Kingdom, noted
above.   RevenueRevenue in 2004 of
$19billion increased $285million, or 18% compared
with 2003. The growth over 2003 was primarily attributable to
strong backlog going into 2004 and progress on significant
projects in our North America and EAME segments. During 2004,
revenue increased 16% in the North America segment and 54% in
the EAME segment, but declined 19% in the AP segment and 12% in
the CSA segment. The increase in the NorthAmerica segment
related primarily to higher volumes of LNG and turnaround
projects in the United States. Revenue growth in the EAME
segment resulted from significant LNG projects under way in
Nigeria and Russia and the inclusion of a full year of revenue
from the John Brown Hydrocarbons Limited John
Brown acquisition made in 2003. APs decrease is
primarily attributable to the completion of significant projects
in Australia, while CSAs decline was a result of fewer new
awards in certain Latin American markets.   Gross ProfitGross profit in 2004 was
$2023million, or 107% of revenue, compared with
$1966million, or 122% of revenue, in 2003. Gross profit
as a percentage of revenue fell primarily as a result of the
recognition of potentially unrecoverable costs on two projects,
one in our EAME segments Saudi Arabia region and the other
in our North America segment. The overall decrease as a
percentage of revenue was partially offset by the impact of
strong project execution, which resulted in cost savings.   Saudi
Arabian Project   The Saudi project was forecasted to close in a loss position of
$14million as of the end of 2003. In the first quarter of
2004, we recognized unanticipated costs for work performed on
the project for which we were contractually obligated without
the benefit of immediate owner approval. The increased costs
were provided for in the period, resulting in a total charge of
$69million in the first quarter. Events in the Saudi
Arabia region of our EAME segment during the second quarter
resulted in an unanticipated level of uncertainty and
instability in the region. As a result of disruptions, real or
perceived, caused by terrorist activity beginning in May 2004,
we incurred additional costs and encountered unexpected
difficulties and delays on the Saudi project due to increased
physical security requirements and the inefficiencies, delays
and disruption caused by the need to replace employees choosing
to depart the Kingdom. In the second quarter, we increased our
estimate of all costs expected to be incurred to complete the
project. As the project was still forecasted to result in a loss
in the second quarter, additional provision for such loss was
made, resulting in a $164million charge in the second
quarter. Provision for additional loss on the project resulted
in a $21million charge to earnings in the third quarter
and $12million in the fourth quarter. Total provisions
charged to earnings during 2004 for this project were
$266million.   At December31, 2004, we had not recognized revenue for
unapproved change orders or claims associated with this project.
However, we intend to continue pursuing customer approval. If
these change orders or claims are approved, associated revenue
will be recognized at such time, which would impact future
operating results. The project was essentially complete at
December31, 2004.   North
American Project   On the North America segment project, a major general contractor
for us Jones LG LLCfiled for bankruptcy in late
September 2003, and we undertook to take over and complete the
project on an expedited basis to ensure that our significant
clients requirements were met. During the fourth quarter
of 2003, work that had been performed by the contractors
subcontractors was suspended at a critical stage pending
authorization from the bankruptcy court to proceed. Also during
the fourth quarter of 2003, the general contractor gave us an
estimate of the amount of the work completed and remaining to be
completed. Late in the fourth quarter, we began to mobilize and
believed we could perform within the budget. During the first
quarter of 2004, costs increased from the impact of our taking
over the work and included the continuation of mobilization;
hiring and deployment of craft labor; selection of
subcontractors and planning and organization of the takeover of
the work and performance of work that had not   
30 Table of Contents   been satisfactorily completed by the general contractor or its
subcontractors. An $80million charge to earnings was
recognized in the first quarter for the increase in forecasted
total costs and the resulting reduced forecasted gross margin on
the project.   During the second quarter of 2004, our forecast of total project
costs increased as a result of a series of unexpected events
that required us to perform unplanned work and incur
unforecasted costs including the rework of components of the
most critical equipment on the project, decreases in labor
productivity and longer than anticipated equipment utilization.
Additionally, commissioning and preparation for
start-up of
the facility began before construction was complete and much of
the work had to be completed on an expedited basis in order to
support an aggressive commissioning and
start-up
program, necessitating additional costs. Due to these previously
unforeseen costs, the project was now forecasted to result in a
negative gross margin. As a result, a provision for such loss
was made, resulting in a $150million charge to earnings
in the second quarter. Total provisions charged to earnings
during 2004 for this project were $230million. At
December31, 2004, the project was complete.   Other   At December31, 2004, we had recorded $461million of
unapproved claims/change orders at cost, net of reserves, of
which $368million was associated with an ongoing project
in our EAME segment. While this project was substantially
complete, we had not reached agreement regarding the final value
of certain change orders and agreements. As of December31,
2004, we had received cash advances totaling $178million
to fund a portion of the costs associated with the change orders
and agreements. Subsequent to year-end 2004, we received an
additional $100million of funding associated with the
change orders and agreements and reached agreement on an
additional $35million.   Selling and Administrative
ExpensesSelling and administrative
expenses were $985million, or 52% of revenue, in 2004,
compared with $935million, or 58% of revenue, in 2003.
The absolute dollar increase compared with 2003 related
primarily to increased professional fees and labor costs
associated with Sarbanes-Oxley documentation and compliance
testing, higher incentive program costs and the full-year impact
of operations acquired in the second quarter of 2003.   Income from OperationsIncome from
operations in 2004 was $1021million, representing a
$13million decrease compared with 2003. Operating income
decreased due to the recognition of potentially unrecoverable
costs on the North America and EAME segment projects discussed
above, partially offset by higher revenue volume, cost savings
attributable to strong project execution, and higher fixed cost
coverage related to overhead and selling and administrative
expenses.   Interest Expense and Interest
IncomeInterest expense increased
$17million from the prior year to $82million,
primarily due to fees associated with our increased capacity on
revolving credit facilities and higher foreign short-term
borrowing levels. Interest income increased $09million
from 2003 to $22million primarily due to higher
short-term investment levels.   Income Tax ExpenseIncome tax expense
for 2004 and 2003 was $313million, or 326% of pre-tax
income, and $297million, or 303% of pre-tax income,
respectively. The rate increase compared with 2003 is primarily
due to the establishment of valuation allowances on
non-U.S.losses
and adjustments to tax reserves. As of December31, 2004,
we had U.S.NOLs of approximately $305million, of
which $64million was subject to limitation under Internal
Revenue Code Section382. The U.S.NOLs will expire
from 2019 to 2024.   Minority Interest in Income
LossMinority interest in loss in 2004 was
$11million compared with minority interest in income of
$24million in 2003. The change over 2003 primarily
relates to recognition of our minority partners share of
losses resulting from the Saudi Arabian project discussed above.   LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES   As a result of a delay in furnishing financial information for
the quarter ended September30, 2005, we would have been in
technical default of covenants related to our revolving credit
facility and our senior notes, had waivers not been obtained. On
November14, 2005, we obtained waivers from the bank group
and senior noteholders, extending the deadline of our quarterly
financial submissions until January13, 2006. On
January13, 2006, we   
31 Table of Contents   obtained waivers from the bank group and senior noteholders
which extended the deadline until April1, 2006. On
March30, 2006, we obtained waivers from the bank group and
senior noteholders which extended the deadline of our quarterly
and fiscal year end 2005 and first quarter 2006 financial
submissions until May31, 2006. On May31, 2006, we
obtained waivers from the bank group and senior noteholders
which extended the deadline of our quarterly and fiscal year end
2005 and first quarter 2006 financial submissions until June 16,
2006 and extended the deadline for providing a three year budget
until September 30, 2006. Upon obtaining these waivers, we were
in compliance with all debt covenants at December31, 2005.   At December31, 2005, cash and cash equivalents totaled
$3340million.   OperatingDuring 2005, our operations
generated $1650million of cash flows, primarily
attributable to decreased working capital levels.   InvestingIn 2005, we incurred
$369million for capital expenditures, primarily for field
equipment to support projects in our EAME and North America
segments. Cash provided by investing activities during 2005
included proceeds from the sale of technology, property, plant
and equipment.   We continue to evaluate and selectively pursue opportunities for
expansion of our business through acquisition of complementary
businesses. These acquisitions, if they arise, may involve the
use of cash or may require debt or equity financing.   FinancingNet cash flows used in
financing activities were $410million. Cash utilized
during 2005 included payment of the first of three equal annual
installments of $250million on our senior notes during
the third quarter, the repayment of $77million of
short-term international borrowings and approximately
$50million to repurchase shares of our stock. Cash
dividends of $117million paid during 2005 increased
$41million over 2004 resulting from a 50% increase in our
annual dividend from $008 to $012per share. Cash
provided by financing activities during 2005 included
$95million from the issuance of common stock, primarily
from the exercise of stock options.   Subsequent to December31, 2005, a former executive
received, pursuant to and as required by the Management Defined
Contribution Plan dated March26, 1997 Plan,
distribution of approximately 25million restricted stock
units from a rabbi trust. To satisfy our responsibility under
the Plan for all applicable tax withholding, we withheld
approximately 09million shares, as treasury shares, and
utilized $201million of cash to pay withholding tax on
this taxable share distribution.   Our primary internal source of liquidity is cash flow generated
from operations. Capacity under a revolving credit facility is
also available, if necessary, to fund operating or investing
activities. We have a five-year $6000million, committed
and unsecured revolving credit facility, which terminates in May
2010. As of December31, 2005, no direct borrowings were
outstanding under the revolving credit facility, but we had
issued $1813million of letters of credit under the
five-year facility. As of December31, 2005, we had
$4187million of available capacity under this facility.
The facility contains certain restrictive covenants, including a
minimum fixed charge coverage ratio and a minimum net worth
level, among other restrictions. The facility also places
restrictions on us with regard to subsidiary indebtedness, sales
of assets, liens, investments, type of business conducted, and
mergers and acquisitions, among other restrictions.   We also have various short-term, uncommitted revolving credit
facilities across several geographic regions of approximately
$5607million. These facilities are generally used to
provide letters of credit or bank guarantees to customers in the
ordinary course of business to support advance payments, as
performance guarantees, or in lieu of retention on our
contracts. At December31, 2005, we had available capacity
of $2157million under these uncommitted facilities. In
addition to providing letters of credit or bank guarantees, we
also issue surety bonds in the ordinary course of business to
support our contract performance. For a further discussion of
letters of credit and surety bonds, see Note10 to our
Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.   As previously referenced, we issue letters of credit and bank
guarantees in the ordinary course of business for performance,
advance payments from the customer, or in lieu of retention.
Subsequent to December31, 2005, we have provided
approximately $215million of cash collateral as support
for a bank guarantee issued under a U.K.   
32 Table of Contents   banking facility. Under the terms of the collateral agreement,
the cash will remain restricted until the guarantee has
terminated, expired or has been replaced by another bank. We
intend to replace or remove the bank guarantee, thereby removing
the restriction on our cash.   Our $500million of senior notes also contain a number of
restrictive covenants, including a maximum leverage ratio and
minimum levels of net worth and debt and fixed charge ratios,
among other restrictions. The notes also place restrictions on
us with regard to investments, other debt, subsidiary
indebtedness, sales of assets, liens, nature of business
conducted and mergers, among other restrictions.   As of December31, 2005, the following commitments were in
place to support our ordinary course obligations   	
Amounts by Expiration
Period   Commitments   Total   Less Than 1Year   1-3Years   4-5Years   After 5Years   In thousands   Letters of credit/bank guarantees
526,259     194,858     242,199     79,177     10,025   Surety bonds
305,616   255,762   49,854        Total commitments
831,875     450,620     292,053     79,177     10,025   Note: Letters of credit includes $35,604 of letters of credit
issued in support of our insurance program.   Contractual obligations at December31, 2005 are summarized
below   	
Payments Due by Period   Contractual
Obligations   Total   Less Than 1Year   1-3Years   4-5Years   After 5Years   In thousands   Senior notes1
55,505     28,670     26,835             Operating leases2
81,127   24,315   23,176   16,208   17,428   Purchase obligations3
Self-insurance obligations4
21,240   21,240          Pension funding obligations5
3,973   3,973          Postretirement benefit funding
obligations5
1,848   1,848          Total contractual obligations
163,693     80,046     50,011     16,208     17,428   
1 
Includes interest accruing at a rate of 734%.   
2 
Subsequent to December31, 2005, we terminated an existing
facility lease agreement that was to expire in 2010 and
concurrently entered into a new facility lease agreement that
expires in 2021. Total future minimum payments under the new
lease, which are not reflected in the table, exceed the total
payments under the terminated lease by approximately
$600million.   
3 
In the ordinary course of business, we enter into purchase
commitments to satisfy our requirements for materials and
supplies for contracts that have been awarded. These purchase
commitments, that are to be recovered from our customers, are
generally settled in less than one year. We do not enter into
long-term purchase commitments on a speculative basis for fixed
or minimum quantities.   
4 
Amount represents expected 2006 payments associated with our
self-insurance program. Payments beyond one year have not been
included as non-current amounts are not determinable on a
year-by-year
basis.   
5 
Amounts represent expected 2006 contributions to fund our
defined benefit and other postretirement plans, respectively.
Contributions beyond one year have not been included as amounts
are not determinable.   We believe cash on hand, funds generated by operations, amounts
available under existing credit facilities and external sources
of liquidity, such as the issuance of debt and equity
instruments, will be sufficient to finance capital expenditures,
the settlement of commitments and contingencies as fully
described in Note10 to our Consolidated Financial
Statements included in Item8. Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data and working capital needs for the
foreseeable future. However, there can be no assurance that such
funding will be available, as our   
33 Table of Contents   ability to generate cash flows from operations and our ability
to access funding under the revolving credit facility may be
impacted by a variety of business, economic, legislative,
financial and other factors which may be outside of our control.
Additionally, while we currently have significant, uncommitted
bonding facilities, primarily to support various commercial
provisions in our engineering and construction contracts, a
termination or reduction of these bonding facilities could
result in the utilization of letters of credit in lieu of
performance bonds, thereby reducing our available capacity under
the revolving credit facility. Although we do not anticipate a
reduction or termination of the bonding facilities, there can be
no assurance that such facilities will be available at
reasonable terms to service our ordinary course obligations.   We are a defendant in a number of lawsuits arising in the normal
course of business and we have in place appropriate insurance
coverage for the type of work that we have performed. As a
matter of standard policy, we review our litigation accrual
quarterly and as further information is known on pending cases,
increases or decreases, as appropriate, may be recorded in
accordance with SFASNo5.   For a discussion of pending litigation, including lawsuits
wherein plaintiffs allege exposure to asbestos due to work we
may have performed, matters involving the U.S.Federal
Trade Commission and securities class action lawsuits against
us, see Note10 to our Consolidated Financial Statements
included in Item8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data.   OFF-BALANCE
SHEET ARRANGEMENTS   We use operating leases for facilities and equipment when they
make economic sense. In 2001, we entered into a sale for
approximately $140million and leaseback transaction of
our Plainfield, Illinois administrative office with a lease term
of 20years, which is accounted for as an operating lease.
Rentals under this and all other lease commitments are reflected
in rental expense and future rental commitments as summarized in
Note10 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included
in Item8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data.   We have no other significant off-balance sheet arrangements.   NEW
ACCOUNTING STANDARDS   In December 2004, the Financial Accounting Standards Board
FASB issued SFASNo123R,
Share-Based Payment
SFASNo123R. This standard requires
compensation costs related to share-based payment transactions
to be recognized in the financial statements. Compensation cost
will generally be based on the grant-date fair value of the
equity or liability instrument issued, and will be recognized
over the period that an employee provides service in exchange
for the award. SFASNo123R applies to all awards
granted for fiscal years beginning after June15, 2005, to
awards modified, repurchased, or cancelled after that date and
to the portion of outstanding awards for which the requisite
service has not yet been rendered. For share-based awards that
accelerate the vesting terms based upon retirement,
SFASNo123R requires compensation cost to be
recognized through the date that the employee first becomes
eligible for retirement, rather than upon actual retirement as
is currently practiced. SFASNo123R also requires
the benefits of tax deductions in excess of recognized
compensation cost to be reported as a financing cash flow,
rather than as an operating cash flow as required under the
current guidelines. We anticipate applying the modified
prospective method as prescribed under SFASNo123R
upon adoption. Pro forma results, which approximate the
historical impact of this standard, are presented under the
stock plans heading of Note2 to our Consolidated Financial
Statements included in Item8. Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data.   Staff Accounting Bulletin107 SAB107
was issued in March of 2005 and provides guidance on
implementing SFASNo123R. SAB107 will impact
our accounting for stock held in trust Note11 to our
Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data upon the
adoption of SFASNo123R as it requires for
share-based payments that could require the employer to redeem
the equity instruments for cash that the redemption amount
should be classified outside of permanent equity temporary
equity. While the stock held in trust contains a put feature
back to us, the stock held in trust is presented as permanent
equity in our historical financial statements with an offsetting
stock held in trust contra equity account as allowed under
existing rules. SAB107 also requires that if the
share-based payments are based on fair value which is our case
subsequent increases or decreases in the fair value do not
impact income applicable to common   
34 Table of Contents   shareholders but temporary equity should be recorded at fair
value with changes in fair value reflected by offsetting impacts
recorded directly to retained earnings. As a result, at adoption
of SFASNo123R, we will record $403million
of redeemable common stock with an offsetting decrease to
additional paid in capital to reflect the fair value of
share-based payments that could require cash funding by us.
Subsequent movements in the fair value of the $403million
of redeemable common stock will be recorded to retained
earnings. There will be no effect on earnings per share.   In October 2005, the FASB issued FASB Staff Position
FSP FAS123R-2, Practical
Accommodation to the Application of Grant Date as Defined in
FAS123R FSP 123R-2. FSP 123R-2
provides guidance on the application of grant date as defined in
SFASNo123R. In accordance with this standard, a
grant date of an award exists if athe award is a
unilateral grant and bthe key terms and conditions of the
award are expected to be communicated to an individual recipient
within a relatively short time period from the date of approval.
We will adopt this standard when we adopt
SFASNo123R, and we do not anticipate that it will
have a material impact on our consolidated financial position,
results of operations or cash flows.   In November 2005, the FASB issued FSP FAS123R-3,
Transition Election Related to Accounting for the Tax
Effects of Share-Based Payment Awards FSP
123R-3. FSP 123R-3 provides an elective alternative
method that establishes a computational component to arrive at
the beginning balance of the additional paid-in capital pool
related to employee compensation and a simplified method to
determine the subsequent impact of the additional
paid-in-capital
pool of employee awards that are fully vested and outstanding
upon the adoption of SFASNo123R. We are currently
evaluating this transition method.   In May 2005, the FASB issued SFASNo154,
Accounting Changes and Error
CorrectionsA replacement of Accounting
Principles Board APB Opinion No20 and FASB
Statement No3 SFASNo154.
SFASNo154 replaces APB Opinion No20,
Accounting Changes, and SFASNo3,
Reporting Accounting Changes in Interim Financial
Statements, and changes the requirements for the
accounting for, and reporting of, a change in accounting
principles. This statement applies to all voluntary changes in
accounting principles and changes required by an accounting
pronouncement in the unusual instance that the pronouncement
does not include specific transition provisions. Under previous
guidance, changes in accounting principle were recognized as a
cumulative effect in the net income of the period of the change.
SFASNo154 requires retrospective application of
changes in accounting principle, limited to the direct effects
of the change, to prior periods financial statements,
unless it is impracticable to determine either the period
specific effects or the cumulative effect of the change.
Additionally, this Statement requires that a change in
depreciation, amortization or depletion method for long-lived,
nonfinancial assets be accounted for as a change in accounting
estimate affected by a change in accounting principle and that
correction of errors in previously issued financial statements
should be termed a restatement. The provisions in
SFASNo154 are effective for accounting changes and
corrections of errors made in fiscal years beginning after
December15, 2005. We intend to adopt the disclosure
requirements upon the effective date of the pronouncement. We do
not believe that the adoption of this pronouncement will have a
material effect on our consolidated financial position, results
of operations or cash flows.   In June 2005, the Emerging Issues Task Force EITF
reached consensus on Issue
No05-6,
Determining the Amortization Period for Leasehold
Improvements
EITF05-6.
EITF05-6
provides guidance on determining the amortization period for
leasehold improvements acquired in a business combination or
acquired subsequent to lease inception. The guidance in
EITF05-6
will be applied prospectively and is effective for periods
beginning after June29, 2005. Adoption of this standard is
not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated
financial position, results of operations or cash flows.   In October 2005, the FASB issued FSP
No13-1,
Accounting for Rental Costs Incurred During a Construction
Period FSP
13-1.
Generally, the staff position requires companies to expense
rental costs incurred during a construction period. FSP
13-1 is
effective for fiscal years beginning after December15,
2005. We do not believe that the adoption of this pronouncement
will have a material effect on our consolidated financial
position, results of operations or cash flows.   
35 Table of Contents   CRITICAL
ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES   The discussion and analysis of financial condition and results
of operations are based upon our Consolidated Financial
Statements included in Item8. Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data which have been prepared in
accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these financial
statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that
affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and
expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities. We evaluate our estimates on an on-going basis,
based on historical experience and on various other assumptions
that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Our
management has discussed the development and selection of our
critical accounting estimates with the Audit Committee of our
Supervisory Board of Directors. Actual results may differ from
these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.   We believe the following critical accounting policies affect our
more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation
of our consolidated financial statements   Revenue RecognitionRevenue is primarily
recognized using the
percentage-of-completion
method. A significant portion of our work is performed on a
fixed-price or lump-sum basis. The balance of our work is
performed on variations of cost reimbursable and target price
approaches. Contract revenue is accrued based on the percentage
that actual
costs-to-date
bear to total estimated costs. We utilize this
cost-to-cost
approach as we believe this method is less subjective than
relying on assessments of physical progress. We follow the
guidance of the Statement of Position 81-1, Accounting for
Performance of Construction-Type and Certain Production-Type
Contracts, for accounting policies relating to our use of
the
percentage-of-completion
method, estimating costs, revenue recognition, and unapproved
change order/claim recognition. The use of estimated cost to
complete each contract, while the most widely recognized method
used for
percentage-of-completion
accounting, is a significant variable in the process of
determining income earned and is a significant factor in the
accounting for contracts. The cumulative impact of revisions in
total cost estimates during the progress of work is reflected in
the period in which these changes become known. Due to the
various estimates inherent in our contract accounting, actual
results could differ from those estimates.   Contract revenue reflects the original contract price adjusted
for approved change orders and estimated minimum recoveries of
unapproved change orders and claims. We recognize unapproved
change orders and claims to the extent that related costs have
been incurred when it is probable that they will result in
additional contract revenue and their value can be reliably
estimated. At December31, 2005, we had outstanding
unapproved change orders/claims recognized of
$485million, net of reserves, of which $435million
is associated with a completed project in our EAME segment.
Regarding the change orders/claims associated with the EAME
segment project, we have received substantial cash advances.
While we have received a settlement offer for more than the cash
received through December31, 2005, we believe our net
exposure is approximately $111million, which represents
the contract price less cash received to date. If in the future
we determine collection of the $435million of unapproved
change orders/claims is not probable, it would result in a
charge to earnings in the period such determination is made. As
of December31, 2004, we had outstanding unapproved change
orders/claims recognized of $461million net of reserves.   Losses expected to be incurred on contracts in progress are
charged to earnings in the period such losses are known.
Provisions for additional costs associated with contracts
projected to be in a significant loss position at
December31, 2005, resulted in $530million of
charges to earnings during 2005. Charges to earnings during 2004
were $535million.   As discussed under Item9A. Controls and
Procedures, of this
Form10-K,
management identified certain control deficiencies in our
internal controls relating to project accounting, and as a
result, concluded that these deficiencies constituted a material
weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. In
light of this material weakness, we implemented processes and
performed additional procedures designed to ensure that the
financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP see
