ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.
INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF CASE CORPORATION
AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES
PAGE
Report of independent public  32
Statements of income for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31,  33
Balance sheets as of December 31, 1996 and  34
Statements of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31,  35
Statements of changes in stockholders' equity for each of the three years
in the period ended
December 31,  36
Notes to financial  37
31
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS
To the Board of Directors of Case Corporation:
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Case
Corporation a Delaware Corporation and subsidiaries, formerly the Farm and
Construction Equipment Business of Tenneco Inc., as of December 31, 1996 and
1995, and the related consolidated and combined statements of income, cash
flows and changes in stockholders' equity for each of the three years in the
period ended December 31, 1996. These financial statements and the
supplemental financial statements and supplemental schedule referred to below
are the responsibility of the Company management. Our responsibility is to
express an opinion on these financial statements, the supplemental financial
statements and supplemental schedule based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of
material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis
for our opinion.
In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of Case Corporation and
subsidiaries as of December 31, 1996 and 1995, and the consolidated and
combined results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the
three years in the period ended December 31, 1996, in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles.
As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, effective January 1,
1995, the Company changed its method of accounting for postretirement benefits
other than pensions for its non-U.S. plans. Also, as discussed in Note 2 to
the financial statements, effective January 1, 1994, the Company changed its
method of accounting for postemployment benefits.
Our audits were made for the purpose of forming an opinion on the
consolidated and combined financial statements taken as a whole. The
supplemental financial statements of Case Industrial and Case Credit are
presented for purposes of additional analysis and are not a required part of
the consolidated and combined financial statements. This information has been
subjected to the auditing procedures applied in our audits of the consolidated
and combined financial statements and, in our opinion, is fairly stated in all
material respects in relation to the consolidated and combined financial
statements taken as a whole. Also, the supplemental schedule listed in the
index to 