ITEM8.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. The Auditors Report and our Consolidated Financial
Statements and Notes thereto appear in a separate section of
this report beginning on page F-1 following PartIV. The
index to our Consolidated Financial Statements is included in
. 43 Table of Contents   
Item1.
Business
3
Item1A.
Risk Factors
13
Item1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments
23
Item2.
Properties
23
Item3.
Legal Proceedings
23
Item4.
Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security
Holders
23
PARTII   Item5.
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. Disclosure Controls and Procedures We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our
reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and
Exchange Commissions rules and forms, and that such
information is accumulated and communicated to management,
including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. We periodically review the design and
effectiveness of our disclosure controls and internal control
over financial reporting. We make modifications to improve the
design and effectiveness of our disclosure controls and internal
control structure, and may take other corrective action, if our
reviews identify a need for such modifications or actions. As of March31, 2006, the end of the period covered by this
report, the Companys management had carried out an
evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the
effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based
on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer have concluded that such controls and
procedures were effective. Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   
Managements Annual Report on Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting for the
Company. Our internal control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over
financial reporting includes policies and procedures that   
pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
dispositions of the assets of the Company     
provide reasonable assurance that atransactions are
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and bthat our receipts and expenditures are
being recorded and made only in accordance with
managements authorizations     
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our
assets. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can
provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the
objectives of the control system are met. Because of the
inherent limitations, internal controls over financial reporting
may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any
evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over
financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risks
that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate. Our management has made an assessment of the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting as of
March31, 2006. Management based its assessment on criteria
established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission COSO. 44 Table of Contents Based on this assessment, our management has concluded that, as
of March31, 2006, the Company maintained effective
internal control over financial reporting.   
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting As previously disclosed in our Annual Report on
Form10-K for
2005, and our Quarterly Reports on
Form10-Q for the
first three quarters of our fiscal year ended March31,
2006 management had identified material weaknesses in internal
controls over financial reporting as a result of its annual
assessment of its internal controls over financial reporting for
the year ended March31, 2005 related to the following
areas   
Calculating participations expense and related liabilities for
financial reporting purposes     
Calculating amortization of investment in film and television
programs     
Monitoring certain charges billed to us by our outsourced home
entertainment distribution service provider;and     
Financial statement close process. Notwithstanding these material weaknesses, there were no
restatements of any previously issued financial statements of
the Company as a result of these identified control deficiencies. As disclosed in our Quarterly Reports on
Form10-Q for the
first three quarters of our fiscal year ended March31,
2006 management was addressing the material weaknesses noted
above. In the fourth quarter we completed the implementation and
testing of the previously disclosed remedial measures put in
place to address these material weaknesses. In connection with
this testing, and in connection with the evaluation described in
the above paragraphDisclosure Controls and
Procedures, management has determined the material
weaknesses identified above have been remediated as of
March31, 2006. The Companys independent registered public accounting
firm, Ernst Young LLP, has issued an attestation
report on managements assessment of the Companys
internal control over financial reporting. Their report is
included below. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on
Internal Control Over Financial Reporting REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The Board of Directors and Shareholders of Lions Gate
Entertainment Corp. We have audited managements assessment, included in the
accompanying Managements Annual Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting, that Lions Gate Entertainment Corp.
maintained effective internal control over financial reporting
as of March31, 2006, based on criteria established in
Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
the COSO criteria. Lions Gate Entertainment Corp.s
management is responsible for maintaining effective internal
control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on managements
assessment and an opinion on the effectiveness of the
companys internal control over financial reporting based
on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control
over financial reporting was maintained in all material
respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of
internal control over financial reporting, evaluating
managements assessment, testing and evaluating the design
and operating effectiveness of internal control, and performing
such other procedures as we considered necessary in the
circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable
basis for our opinion. 45 Table of Contents A companys internal control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. A companys
internal control over financial reporting includes those
policies and procedures that 1pertain to the maintenance
of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
company; 2provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of
management and directors of the company; and 3provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
companys assets that could have a material effect on the
financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over
financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. In our opinion, managements assessment that Lions Gate
Entertainment Corp. maintained effective internal control over
financial reporting as of March31, 2006, is fairly stated,
in all material respects, based on the COSO criteria. Also, in
our opinion, Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. maintained, in all
material respects, effective internal control over financial
reporting as of March31, 2006, based on the COSO criteria. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the
consolidated balance sheets of Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. as
of March31, 2006 and 2005, and the related consolidated
statements of operations, shareholders equity, and cash
flows for each of the three years in the period ended
March31, 2006 of Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. and our
report dated June14, 2006 expressed an unqualified opinion
thereon.   
/s/ Ernst Young LLP Los Angeles, California June14, 2006 