ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
The Company consolidated financial statements and supplementary data,
together with the report of Coopers L.L.P., independent accountants,
are included elsewhere herein. See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements
on page F-1. Separate audited financial statements for Monitoring have not been
provided because the Company does not believe such financial statements are
material to investors. As described in Introductory Notes - Company Structure;
Western Resources Transaction, for the period covered by this Report the
aggregate assets, liabilities, earnings and equity of Monitoring were
substantially equivalent to the assets, liabilities, earnings and equity of POI
on a consolidated basis. Item 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SHAREHOLDERS
None.
13
16                   PART II Item 5. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANTS
DIRECTORS
The Board of Directors of Protection One presently consists of 12
persons, all of who are elected annually. As provided in the Contribution
Agreement, at the time of the Share Issuance, the Board of Directors of
Protection One increased the size of the Board of Directors from four to 12, and
eight persons nominated by Western Resources were added to such Board. The
nominees of Western Resources are Peter C. Brown, Howard A. Christensen, Joseph
J. Gardner, William J. Gremp, Steven L. Kitchen, Carl M. Koupal, Jr., John C.
Nettles, Jr. and Jane Dresner Sadaka.
Certain information concerning the current directors of Protection One
is set forth below     NAME      AGE          POSITION
James M. Mackenzie, Jr.  50  President, Chief Executive Officer and Director
Robert M. Chefitz     38  Director
Dr. Ben Enis       54  Director
James Q. Wilson      66  Director
Peter C. Brown      39  Director
Howard A. Christensen   64  Director
Joseph J. Gardner     60  Director
William J. Gremp     54  Director
Steven L. Kitchen     52  Director
Carl M. Koupal, Jr.    44  Director
John C. Nettles, Jr.   41  Director
Jane Dresner Sadaka    43  Director     James M. Mackenzie, Jr. has been President and Chief Executive Officer
and a director of the Company since 1991.
Robert M. Chefitz has been a director of Protection One since September
1991. Mr. Chefitz joined Patricof & Co. Ventures, Inc., an investment management
firm, in 1987, where he currently serves as a Managing Director; Mr. Chefitz
also                    24
27 serves as a General Partner to various venture capital partnerships Patricof
manages. Mr. Chefitz currently serves on the Board of Directors of Xpedite
Systems, Inc. and is also a director of several private companies.
Dr. Ben Enis has been a director of Protection One since October 1994.
He has been an independent investor and marketing consultant since 1996. Prior
to that time, he was a Professor of Marketing at the University of Southern
California since 1982. Dr. Enis currently serves on the Board of Directors of
Countrywide Credit Industries, Inc.
James Q. Wilson has been a director of Protection One since June 1996.
Mr. Wilson has recently retired from his position as a Professor of Management
at the University of California at Los Angeles. Mr. Wilson is currently a
director of New England Electric System, the Rand Corporation and State Farm
Mutual Life Insurance Company.
Peter C. Brown has served as President of AMC Entertainment, Inc., an
entertainment company AMCE, since January 1997. He served as Executive Vice
President of AMCE from August 1994 to January 1997, and has served as AMCE
Chief Financial Officer since November 1991. Mr. Brown currently serves as
director of AMCE and is Chairman of the Board of Trustees of Entertainment
Properties Trust, a recently formed real estate investment trust.
Howard A. Christensen is President and Chief Executive Officer of
Chritensen & Associates, an investor relations and strategic planning firm.
Joseph J. Gardner is the President of Condev Properties, a real estate
development company.
William A. Gremp has been Senior Vice President and Managing Director
of the Utilities and Strategic Finance Group of First Union Capital Markets
Group, a banking firm, since April 1996. Prior to that time, he was a Managing
Director in the Global Power Group at Chase Manhattan Bank. Mr. Gremp is also a
director of St. Joseph Light & Power Company.
Steven L. Kitchen is an Executive Vice President and the Chief
Financial Officer of Western Resources. He is also a director of Central
National Bank.
Carl M. Koupal, Jr. has been Executive Vice President and the Chief
Administrative Officer for Western Resources since July 1995. From January 1995
to July 1995, Mr. Koupal was Executive Vice President of Corporate
Communications, Marketing and Economic Development for Western Resources. Prior
to that time, he served as Western Resources' Vice President, Corporate
Marketing, and Economic Development. Mr. Koupal also currently serves as a
director of Hanover Compressor Co.
John C. Nettles, Jr. is a partner in the law firm of Morrison & Hecker
L.L.P.
Jane Dresner Sadaka is an Advisory Board Member of DLJ Merchant Banking
Fund II. She served as a Special Limited Partner of Kellner, DiLeo & Co. from
1992 until 1997, and prior to that time was a General Partner, Head of Research,
for Kellner, DiLeo & Co. Ms. Sadaka is also Executive Vice President of the New
York University of School of Business Alumni Association.                    25
28 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
The name, age and current positions with POI of each executive
officer of Protection One are as set forth below. Each individual other than Mr.
Weinstock also serves in the same capacities for Monitoring.     NAME       AGE             POSITION
James M. Mackenzie, Jr.  50   President and Chief Executive Officer and
Director
John W. Hesse       48   Executive Vice President, Chief Financial
Officer and Secretary
John E. Mack, III     38   Executive Vice President -- Business
Development and Assistant Secretary
Thomas K. Rankin      39   Executive Vice President -- Branch Management
and Assistant Secretary
George A. Weinstock    60   Executive Vice President and Assistant
Secretary
Steven Millstein      44   Executive Vice President of Western Resources     For information with respect to the business experience of Mr.
Mackenzie, see Directors above.
John W. Hesse has been Executive Vice President, Chief Financial
Officer and Secretary of the Company since 1991
John E. Mack, III was Vice President -- Business Development of
Protection One from 1991 until August 1996, and has been Protection One
Executive Vice President - Business Development since August 1996 and Assistant
Secretary of Protection One since October 1994.
Thomas K. Rankin was Vice President -- Branch Management of Protection
One from September 1991 to August 1996, and has been Protection One Executive
Vice President - Branch Management since August 1996 and Assistant Secretary
since October 1994.
George A. Weinstock has been Executive Vice President of Monitoring
since November 1993 and Executive Vice President of Protection One since June
1994, and was a director of Protection One from November 1993 to May 1994. Prior
to November 1993, Mr. Weinstock served as President of American Home Security,
Inc.
Steven Millstein has been Executive Vice President of the Company since
November 1997. Prior to November 1997, Mr. Millstein served as President of
Westar Security.
