Item8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data. The following discussion also contains trend
information and other forward looking statements that involve a
number of risks and uncertainties. The Risk Factors set forth in
Item1. Business are hereby incorporated into
the discussion by reference. Overview Enterprises are generating vast quantities of data. The rapidly
growing amount of data a company generates and the requirements
to retain data for longer periods of time, are driving an
increasing demand for storage solutions. There is an increase in
demand for online access to historical information for business
or regulatory requirements. The growth in storage capacity
requirements further increases the complexity of data
management. Companies are looking for storage solutions to help
simplify data storage and reduce total costs of ownership.
Companies are migrating toward modular, unified storage systems
away from large, fixed, expensive, mainframe-class arrays and
inefficient direct-attached storage. There is a growing trend
toward consolidating storage and serving a variety of
applications from a unified storage pool. We believe that our
strategic investments are targeted at some of the strongest
growth areas of the storage market, such as modular storage,
data protection, iSCSI, and grid computing, however, if any
storage market trends and emerging standards on which we are
basing our assumptions do not materialize as anticipated, our
business could be materially adversely affected. Over the course of the last several years, we believe that the
overall global economy has continued to strengthen and IT
spending has also improved. Although we expect our revenue to
grow in fiscal 2006, we cannot assure you that the storage
market will continue to improve or that we will be successful in
capitalizing on this improvement. The fiscal 2005 revenue growth
and increased gross margin have occurred while the 33 Table of Contents market for our storage products and solutions has grown more
competitive with downward pricing pressures that could
negatively impact our future revenue growth rate and our future
gross margin. At the same time, we anticipate and continue to
experience further price decline per petabyte for our products
which may have an adverse impact on our future gross margin if
not offset by favorable software mix and higher average selling
prices associated with new products. We expect our future gross
margin to be negatively affected by factors such as global
service investment cost; competition, partially offset by new
product introductions and enhancements and product and add-on
software mix. During fiscal 2005, there were industry-wide
constraints affecting the supply of enterprise class hard disk
drives HDD. We have secured commitments from our
hard disk drive suppliers sufficient to meet our expected
requirements, and there has been no material impact on our
business in fiscal 2005. However, we remain exposed to risk
should there be global, industry-wide shortages affecting all
suppliers. We believe that the HDD market supply and demand have
regained their balance; however, we cannot assure you that we
will be able to obtain our full requirements of all our
components in the future or that prices of such components will
not increase. Component price increases and supplier capacity
constraints over time may negatively affect gross margin in the
future. Continued revenue growth is dependent on the introduction and
market acceptance of our new products. In fiscal 2006, we expect
to refresh our product line, deliver our next-generation
operating system with enhanced storage grid functionality and
offer a comprehensive suite of data protection solutions. If we
fail to timely introduce new products or successfully integrate
acquired technology into our existing architecture, or if there
is no or reduced demand for these or our current products, we
may experience a decline in revenue. Additionally, we plan to
invest in the people, processes, and systems necessary to best
optimize our revenue growth and long-term profitability.
However, we cannot assure you that such investments will achieve
our financial objectives.   
Fiscal 2005 Highlights In fiscal 2005, we continued to enhance our enterprise
solutions, broaden our customer portfolio, extend our
channel/partner opportunities, and gain market share with our
NAS, iSCSI, SAN unified storage, and NearStore solutions. We
also continued to win enterprise customers in our target
industries with our storage and data management solutions. Our
vision is to simplify the data management challenges our
customers face through cost-effective innovative storage
solutions. Some of the key fiscal 2005 highlights included   
Continue to address the major IT challenges that
enterprises face by simplifying data management. Our
fiscal 2005 results were driven by our solutions based on the
unified storage architecture; providing our customers with all
three connection types NAS, SAN and
iSCSI along with multiple protocols for Windows and
UNIX, concurrently from the same system. Our unified storage
architecture supporting both SAN and NAS on the same hardware
and software platform, provides our customers the ability to
support both file- and block-level data, all from a single
operating system with common and consistent tools for data
management and disaster planning and recovery. With one
operating system, Data ONTAP, which runs on all of our systems,
we provide customers with the opportunity to choose the
cost-effective solutions for their unique environments. All our
advance software features are completely interoperable across
all of our storage products, with primary and secondary storage
and from our largest to smallest systems.     
Continue to focus our development efforts on the higher
growth segments of the storage market, such as modular storage,
data protection, iSCSI, and Grid Computing. In fiscal
2005, we maintained our leadership position in both the NAS and
iSCSI markets and gained share in the SAN market. Our SAN
penetration continued to grow with the majority of fibre channel
SAN systems deployed in combination with either NAS or iSCSI
protocols. Our leadership in the iSCSI market facilitated SAN.
We offered customers the consolidation, scalability, and
management advantages of a SAN via low-cost SAN connectivity
through iSCSI, without requiring the use of complex, and
expensive Fibre Channel network infrastructures. We expect our
investment in emerging technologies such as iSCSI,
virtualization and the storage grid to increasingly contribute
to our growth over the long term. We experienced growth in our
Windows business and more storage-grid-style Linux deployments.
The majority of our iSCSI deployments are for Microsoft Exchange
and SQL Server projects and therefore we expect our Windows 34 Table of Contents   
business to be a strong driver of the growth of our block
storage solutions. We recently announced the rollout of the new
midrange FAS3000 series, which will offer high performance data
protection with the lowest storage costs through Serial ATA
SATA, drives with RAID-DP for use in primary
storage. Customers can mix and match Fibre Channel and SATA
disks within one system, offering flexibility and high
availability to customers.     
Continue to extend our channel/partner
opportunities. Our fiscal 2005 channel mix demonstrated
increased expansion through our partner programs, with
approximately 512% of our business coming through indirect
channels and the remaining 488% coming through direct sales.
The majority of our block-based storage business and the
U.S.Federal business came from indirect channels. Higher
growth rates in our indirect channels demonstrated our
increasing leverage, giving us broader market reach and
increasing enterprise penetration. The combination of our
two-tier distribution partners, Arrow and Avnet, contributed to
86% of total revenue for fiscal 2005. The latest addition to
our data management and virtualization portfolio is the NetApp
V-Series, which unifies SAN, IP SAN, and NAS under a common
architecture. V-Series systems enable customers to extend the
complete suite of virtualization capabilities in Data ONTAP 7G
software to third-party storage products from HDS, HP, IBM, and
SUN.     
Continue to expand our global services and
support. It is an element of our strategy to expand and
offer a global, comprehensive, end-to-end suite of world-class
service and support solutions designed to help our customers
meet their goals of simplifying their storage solutions. We
increased our business with our top enterprise customers who
typically purchased more complete and longer-term service
packages. The growth in service revenue in fiscal 2005 was also
driven by increases in professional services. We expect to
continue to expand our global services and support and believe
that such investments will help accelerate the adoption rate of
our technology. We cannot assure you that service revenue will
continue to grow at previous rates. We expect to invest in our
services infrastructure commensurate with our revenue growth.   
Fiscal 2005 Financial Performance   
Our revenues for the fiscal 2005 were $16billion, a 366%
increase over the same period a year ago. Our revenues for the
fiscal 2004 were $12billion, a 312% increase compared to
revenues of $8921million in fiscal 2003. Our revenue
growth was driven by the adoption of our new products targeted
at the areas of fastest growth in storage, secondary storage for
compliance applications and our broadened NetApp storage
solutions that simplify data management.     
Our overall gross margins were 610%, 602% and 613%, in fiscal
2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively. The improvement in our
overall gross margin for fiscal 2005 compared to 2004 was
primarily attributable to a favorable change in product and
add-on software mix and improved services margin. The
deterioration in overall gross margin for fiscal 2004 compared
to 2003 was primarily due to continued investment in our service
infrastructure to support our increasing enterprise customer
base.     
Net income for fiscal 2005 increased 484% to
$2258million compared to net income of
$1521million for the same period a year ago. Net income
for fiscal 2004 increased 989% to $1521million compared
to net income of $765million for the same period a year
ago. Net income for fiscal 2004 included a nonrecurring income
tax benefit of $168million or approximately
$005per share associated with a favorable foreign tax
ruling.     
Except for the long-term restructuring and deferred rent
liabilities totaling $45million, our balance sheet as of
April30, 2005 remains debt-free, with cash, cash
equivalents and investments of $1,1700million due
primarily to our net income and the related cash generated from
operations. During fiscal 2005, we repurchased
$1929million of our common stock. Days Sales Outstanding
were 60days, and 52days, respectively, as of
April30, 2005, and 2004, reflecting increased sales and
less linear shipments. Inventory turns were 179 times and 159
times, respectively, as of April30, 2005 and 2004.
Deferred revenue increased to $4492million in fiscal 2005
from $2789million reported in fiscal 2004 due to higher
software subscription and service arrangements attributable to
our continuing shift 35 Table of Contents   
toward larger enterprise customers. Capital purchases of plant,
property, and equipment for fiscal 2005 were $936million,
which included the $241million site purchase in Research
Triangle Park, NorthCarolina. Critical Accounting Estimates and Policies Our discussion and analysis of financial condition and results
of operations is based upon our Consolidated Financial
Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America. The preparation of such statements requires us to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
revenues and expenses during the reporting period and the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the
financial statements. Our estimates are based on historical
experience and other assumptions that we consider to be
appropriate in the circumstances. However, actual future results
may vary from our estimates. We believe that the following accounting policies are
critical as defined by the Securities and Exchange
Commission, in that they are both highly important to the
portrayal of our financial condition and results, and require
difficult management judgments and assumptions about matters
that are inherently uncertain. We also have other important
policies, including those related to derivative instruments and
concentration of credit risk. However, these policies do not
meet the definition of critical accounting policies because they
do not generally require us to make estimates or judgments that
are difficult or subjective. These policies are discussed in the
Note2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements
accompanying this Annual Report on Form10-K. We believe the accounting policies described below are the ones
that most frequently require us to make estimates and judgments,
and therefore are critical to the understanding of our results
of operations   
Revenue recognition and allowances     
Valuation of goodwill and intangibles     
Accounting for income taxes     
Inventory write-downs     
Restructuring accruals     
Impairment losses on investments     
Accounting for stock-based compensation     
Loss contingencies.   
Revenue Recognition and Allowances We apply the provisions of Statement of Position
SOP No97-2, Software Revenue
Recognition and related interpretations, to all
transactions that generate revenue. We recognize revenue when   
Persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists. It is our
customary practice to have a purchase order and/or contract
prior to recognizing revenue on an arrangement from our end user
customers, value-added resellers, or distributors.     
Delivery has occurred. Our product is physically
delivered to our customers, generally with standard transfer
terms such as FOB origin or EXWorks point of origin. We
typically do not allow for restocking rights with any of our
value-added resellers or distributors. Products shipped with
acceptance criteria or return rights are not recognized as
revenue until all criteria are achieved. If undelivered products
or services exist that are essential to the functionality of the
delivered product in an arrangement, delivery is not considered
to have occurred.     
The fee is fixed or determinable. Arrangements with
payment terms extending beyond our standard terms and conditions
practices are not considered to be fixed or determinable.
Revenue from such 36 Table of Contents   
arrangements is recognized as the fees become due and payable.
We typically do not allow for price-protection rights with any
of our value-added resellers or distributors.     
Collection is probable. Probability of collection is
assessed on a customer-by-customer basis. Customers are subject
to a credit review process that evaluates the customers
financial position and ultimately their ability to pay. If it is
determined from the outset of an arrangement that collection is
not probable based upon our review process, revenue is deferred
and recognized when collection becomes probable. For arrangements with multiple elements, we allocate revenue to
each element using the residual method based on vendor specific
objective evidence of fair value of the undelivered items. We
defer the portion of the arrangement fee equal to the vendor
specific objective evidence of fair value of the undelivered
elements until they are delivered. Vendor specific objective
evidence of fair value is based on the price charged when the
element is sold separately. A typical arrangement includes product, software subscription,
and maintenance. Some arrangements include training and
consulting. Software subscriptions include unspecified product
upgrades and enhancements on a when-and-if-available basis, bug
fixes, and patch releases and are included in product revenues.
Service maintenance includes contracts for technical support and
hardware maintenance. Revenue from software subscriptions and
service maintenance is recognized ratably over the contractual
term, generally one to three years. Revenue from training and
consulting is recognized as the services are performed. We record reductions to revenue for estimated sales returns at
the time of shipment. These estimates are based on historical
sales returns, changes in customer demand, and other factors. If
actual future returns and allowances differ from past
experience, additional allowances may be required. We also maintain a separate allowance for doubtful accounts for
estimated losses based on our assessment of the collectibility
of specific customer accounts and the aging of the accounts
receivable. We analyze accounts receivable and historical bad
debts, customer concentrations, customer solvency, current
economic and geographic trends, and changes in customer payment
terms and practices when evaluating the adequacy of the
allowance for doubtful accounts. If the financial condition of
our customers deteriorates, resulting in an impairment of their
ability to make payments, additional allowances may be required.   
Valuation of Goodwill and Intangibles We record goodwill and intangible assets when we acquire
companies. The cost of the acquisition is allocated to the
assets and liabilities acquired, including identifiable
intangible assets, with the remaining amount being classified as
goodwill. Goodwill and purchased intangible assets include
existing technology, patents, trademarks, customer contracts and
covenants not to compete. Identifiable intangible assets are
amortized over time, while in-process research and development
is recorded as a charge on the date of acquisition and goodwill
is capitalized, subject to periodic review for impairment.
Accordingly, the allocation of the acquisition cost to
identifiable intangible assets has a significant impact on our
future operating results. The allocation process requires
extensive use of estimates and assumptions, including estimates
of future cash flows expected to be generated by the acquired
assets. Should conditions be different than managements
current assessment, material write-downs of the fair value of
intangible assets may be required. We periodically review the
estimated remaining useful lives of our other intangible assets.
A reduction in the estimate of remaining useful life could
result in accelerated amortization expense or a write-down in
future periods. As such, any future write-downs of these assets
would adversely affect our gross and operating margins. We evaluate the impairment of goodwill and purchased indefinite
life intangible assets on an annual basis, or sooner if events
or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of
an asset may not be recoverable. Triggering events for
impairment reviews may be indicators such as adverse industry or
economic trends, restructuring actions, lower projections of
profitability, or a sustained decline in our market
capitalization. Evaluations of possible impairment and, if
applicable, adjustments to carrying values, require us 37 Table of Contents to estimate, among other factors, future cash flows, useful
lives, and fair market values of our reporting units and assets.
Actual results may vary from our expectations. Under our accounting policy we perform an annual review in the
fourth quarter of each fiscal year, or more often if indicators
of impairment exist. Accordingly, goodwill recorded in business
combinations may significantly affect our future operating
results to the extent impaired, but the magnitude and timing of
any such impairment is uncertain. When we conduct our evaluation
of goodwill, the fair value of goodwill is assessed using
valuation techniques that require significant management
judgment. Should conditions be different from managements
last assessment, significant write-downs of goodwill may be
required. In fiscal 2005 and 2004, we performed such evaluation
and found no impairment. However, any future write-downs of
goodwill would adversely affect our operating margin. As of
April30, 2005, our assets included $2918million in
goodwill related to the acquisitions of Orca, WebManage, and
Spinnaker. See Note13, Goodwill and Purchased
Intangible Assets to our consolidated financial statements.   
Accounting for Income Taxes The determination of our tax provision is subject to judgments
and estimates due to operations in several tax jurisdictions
outside the U.S.Earnings derived from our international
business are generally taxed at rates that are lower than
U.S.rates, resulting in a reduction of our effective tax
rate. The ability to maintain our current effective tax rate is
contingent upon existing tax laws in both the U.S. and the
respective countries in which our international subsidiaries are
located. Future changes in domestic or international tax laws
could affect the continued realization of the tax benefits we
are currently receiving and expect to receive from international
business. In addition, a decrease in the percentage of our total
earnings from our international business or in the mix of
international business among particular tax jurisdictions could
increase our overall effective tax rate. Also, our current
effective tax rate assumes that U.S.income taxes are not
provided for undistributed earnings of certain
non-U.S.subsidiaries. These earnings could become subject
to incremental foreign withholding or federal and state income
taxes should they be either deemed or actually remitted to the
U.S.In fiscal 2004, we recorded a nonrecurring income tax
benefit of $168million associated with a favorable
foreign tax ruling. This favorable ruling from the Netherlands
provided for retroactive benefits dating back to fiscal year
2001 and continuing until December31, 2005. Subsequent to
our fiscal 2005year end, we obtained a new tax ruling from
the Netherlands, which terminated the first ruling and provides
for continuing favorable tax rate benefits until April30,
2010. The carrying value of our net deferred tax assets, which
consists primarily of the reversal of net deductible temporary
differences including credits and net operating loss
carryforwards, assumes that we will be able to generate
sufficient future taxable income to fully utilize these tax
attributes. If we do not generate sufficient future income, the
realization of these deferred tax assets may be impaired
resulting in additional income tax expense. We have provided a
valuation allowance on the deferred tax attributes associated
with the exercise of employee stock options primarily credits
and net operating loss carryforwards because of uncertainty
regarding their realizability due to the expectation of future
employee stock option exercises. If these attributes are
realized, the associated tax benefit will be credited to
stockholders equity, rather than as a reduction in the
income tax provision. The American Jobs Creation Act of 2004 the Jobs
Act creates a temporary incentive for
U.S.corporations to repatriate accumulated income earned
abroad by providing an 85% dividend-received deduction for
certain dividends from certain non-U.S.subsidiaries. The
deduction is subject to a number of limitations and we are
currently considering recently issued Treasury and IRS guidance
on the application of the deduction. We are not yet in a
position to decide whether, and to what extent, foreign earnings
that have not yet been remitted to the US might be repatriated.
Based on the analysis to date, however, it is reasonably
possible that as much as $3550million might be
repatriated, with a respective tax liability of up to
$150million. We expect to be in a position to finalize
our analysis during the third quarter of fiscal 2006. 38 Table of Contents   
Inventory Write-downs We write down inventory and record purchase commitment
liabilities for estimated excess and obsolete inventory equal to
the difference between the cost of inventory and the estimated
fair value based upon assumptions about future demand and market
conditions. Although we strive for accuracy in our forecasts of
future product demand, any significant unanticipated changes in
demand or technological developments could have a significant
impact on the value of our inventory and commitments, and our
reported results. If actual market conditions are less favorable
than those projected, additional write-downs and other charges
against earnings may be required. If actual market conditions
are more favorable, we may realize higher gross margin in the
period when the written-down inventory is sold. We engage in extensive product quality programs and processes,
including actively monitoring and evaluating the quality of our
component suppliers. We also provide for the estimated cost of
known product failures based on known quality issues when they
arise. Should actual cost of product failure differ from our
estimates, revisions to the estimated liability would be
required.   
Restructuring Accruals In fiscal 2002, as a result of continuing unfavorable economic
conditions and a reduction in IT spending rates, we implemented
two restructuring plans, which included reductions in our
workforce and a consolidation of our facilities. These
restructuring accruals were accounted for in accordance with
Emerging Issues Task Force EITF Issue
No94-3, Liability Recognition for Certain
Employee Termination Benefits and Other Costs to Exit an
Activity including Certain Costs Incurred in a
Restructuring, and included various assumptions such
as the time period over which the facilities will be vacant,
expected sublease terms, and expected sublease rates. These
estimates are reviewed and revised periodically and may result
in a substantial change to restructuring expense should
different conditions prevail than were anticipated in original
management estimates. Future restructurings will be accounted
for under SFASNo146 Accounting for Costs
associated with Exit or Disposal Activities, which
superceded EITF No94-3. See Note12 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion.   
Impairment Losses on Investments We perform periodic reviews of our investments for impairment.
As of April30, 2005, our short-term investments have been
classified as available-for-sale and are carried at
fair value. There have been no significant declines in fair
value of investments that are considered to be
other-than-temporary under the EITF No03-01, for any of
the three years in the period ended April30, 2005. Our
investments in publicly held companies are generally considered
impaired when the fair value of an investment as measured by
quoted market prices is less than its carrying value and the
decline is not considered temporary. Our investments in
privately held companies are considered impaired when a review
of the investees operations and other indicators of
impairment indicate that the carrying value of the investment is
not likely to be recoverable. Such indicators include, but are
not limited to, limited capital resources, limited prospects of
receiving additional financing, and limited prospects for
liquidity of the related securities.   
Accounting for Stock-based Compensation We adopted the disclosure-only provisions of
SFASNo123 as amended by SFASNo148 and
provide pro forma disclosure using the Black-Scholes option
pricing model to value our employee stock options. The fair
value of each option grant is estimated on the date of grant
using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, and is not
remeasured as a result of subsequent stock price fluctuations.
The Black-Scholes option pricing model was developed for use in
estimating the fair value of traded options that have no vesting
restrictions and are fully transferable. In addition, option
pricing models require the input of highly subjective
assumptions, including the expected stock price volatility. We
use projected volatility rates, which are based upon historical
volatility rates since our initial public offering, trended into
future years. In December 2004, the FASB issued Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No123 revised2004,
Share-Based Payment
FAS123R, see discussion under New Accounting
Standards 39 Table of Contents below. In March 2005, the SEC issued Staff Accounting
BulletinNo107 SAB107.
SAB107 includes interpretive guidance for the initial
implementation of FAS123R. We will apply the principles of
SAB107 in conjunction with our adoption of FAS123R
in our first quarter of fiscal 2007 which begins on May1,
2006.   
Loss Contingencies We are subject to the possibility of various loss contingencies
arising in the course of business. We consider the likelihood of
the loss or impairment of an asset or the incurrence of a
liability as well as our ability to reasonably estimate the
amount of loss in determining loss contingencies. An estimated
loss contingency is accrued when it is probable that a liability
has been incurred or an asset has been impaired and the amount
of loss can be reasonably estimated. We regularly evaluate
current information available to us to determine whether such
accruals should be adjusted.   
New Accounting Standards In November 2004, the Financial Accounting Standards Board
FASB issued SFASNo151
Inventory Costs
SFASNo151. This statement amends the
guidance in Accounting Research BulletinNo43,
Chapter4, Inventory Pricing, to clarify
the accounting for abnormal amounts of idle facility expense,
freight, handling costs, and wasted material spoilage.
SFASNo151 requires that those items be recognized
as current-period charges. In addition, this statement requires
that allocation of fixed production overhead to costs of
conversion be based upon the normal capacity of the production
facilities. The provisions of SFASNo151 are
effective for inventory costs incurred in fiscal years beginning
after June15, 2005. As such, we are required to adopt
these provisions at the beginning of fiscal 2007. We do not
expect the adoption of SFASNo151 to have a material
impact on its consolidated financial statements. In December 2004, the FASB issued Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No123 revised2004,
Share-Based Payment
FAS123R that addresses the accounting for
share-based payment transactions in which an enterprise receives
employee services in exchange for either equity instruments of
the enterprise or liabilities that are based on the fair value
of the enterprises equity instruments or that may be
settled by the issuance of such equity instruments. The
statement eliminates the ability to account for share-based
compensation transactions using the intrinsic value method as
prescribed by Accounting Principles Board, or APB, Opinion
No25, Accounting for Stock Issued to
Employees, and generally requires that such transactions
be accounted for using a fair-value-based method and recognized
as expenses in our consolidated statement of income. The
statement requires companies to assess the most appropriate
model to calculate the value of the options. We currently use
the Black-Scholes option pricing model to value options and are
currently assessing which model we may use in the future under
the statement and may deem an alternative model to be the most
appropriate. The use of a different model to value options may
result in a different fair value than results from the use of
the Black-Scholes option pricing model. In addition, there are a
number of other requirements under the new standard that will
result in differing accounting treatments than currently
required. These differences include, but are not limited to, the
accounting for the tax benefits on employee stock options and
for stock issued under our employee stock purchase plan. In
addition to the appropriate fair value model to be used for
valuing share-based payments, we will also be required to
determine the transition method to be used at date of adoption.
The allowed transition methods include prospective and
retroactive adoption methods. Under the retroactive method,
prior periods may be restated either as of the beginning of the
year of adoption or for all periods presented. The prospective
method requires that compensation expense be recorded for all
unvested stock options and restricted stock at the beginning of
the first quarter of adoption of FAS123R, while the
retroactive methods would record compensation expense for all
unvested stock options and restricted stock beginning with the
first period restated. The effective date of the new standard
for our consolidated financial statements is the first fiscal
quarter of fiscal 2007, which begins on May1, 2006. Upon adoption, this statement will have a significant impact on
our consolidated financial statements because we will be
required to expense the fair value of our stock option grants
and stock purchases under our employee stock purchase plan
rather than disclose the impact on our consolidated net income
within our footnotes as is our current practice see Note2
of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained 40 Table of Contents herein. The amounts disclosed within our footnotes are not
necessarily indicative of the amounts that will be expensed upon
the adoption of FAS123R. Compensation expense calculated
under FAS123R may differ from amounts currently disclosed
within our footnotes based on changes in the fair value of our
common stock, changes in the number of options granted or the
terms of such options, the treatment of tax benefits and changes
in interest rates or other factors. In addition, upon adoption
of FAS123R we may choose to use a different valuation
model to value the compensation expense associated with employee
stock options. In March 2005, the SEC issued Staff Accounting
BulletinNo107 SAB107.
SAB107 includes interpretive guidance for the initial
implementation of FAS123R. We will apply the principles of
SAB107 in conjunction with our adoption of FAS123R. In January 2005, the FASB issued FASB Staff Position
FSP No.FAS109-1, Application of
SFASNo109 to the Tax Deduction on Qualified
Production Activities Provided by the American Jobs Creation Act
of 2004. This FSP provides guidance for the accounting of
a deduction provided to U.S.manufacturing companies and is
effective immediately. We believe the adoption of this position
currently will not have a material effect of its financial
position or results of operations. However, there is no
assurance that there will not be a material impact in the future. In December 2004, the FASB issued FASB Staff Position
FSP No109-2, Accounting and
Disclosure Guidance for the Foreign Earnings Repatriation
Provision within the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004.
The American Jobs Creation Act introduces a special one-time
dividends received deduction on the repatriation of certain
foreign earnings to U.S.companies, provided certain
criteria are met. FSP No109-2 provides accounting and
disclosure guidance on the impact of the repatriation provision
on a companys income tax expense and deferred tax
liability. We are currently studying the impact of the one-time
favorable foreign dividend provision and intend to complete the
analysis during the third quarter of fiscal 2006. Accordingly,
we have not adjusted income tax expense or deferred tax
liability to reflect the tax impact of any repatriation of
non-U.S.earnings. Results of Operations The following table sets forth certain consolidated statements
of income data as a percentage of total revenues for the periods
indicated   
Years Ended April30   
2005
2004
2003   
Revenues:
1000
%
1000
%
1000
Product revenue
895
904
899
Service revenue
105
96
101
Cost of Revenues:
Cost of product revenue
305
317
313
Cost of service revenue
85
81
74
Gross Profit
610
602
613
Operating Expenses:
Sales and marketing
291
299
342
Research and development
107
113
127
General and administrative
48
47
41
Acquired in process research and development
04
Stock compensation
05
03
04
Restructuring charges
01
01
Total Operating Expenses
451
467
515
Income From Operations
159
135
98
41 Table of Contents   
Years Ended April30   
2005
2004
2003   
Other Income Expenses, Net:
Interest income
15
12
14
Other expenses, net
01
02
02
Net gain loss on investments
01
01
Gain on sale of intangible asset
01
Total Other Income, Net
14
11
12
Income Before Income Taxes
173
146
110
Provision for Income Taxes
32
16
24
Net Income
141
%
130
%
86
The following table presents the components of revenues, stated
as a percentage of total revenues   
Years Ended April30   
2005
2004
2003   
Revenues:
Products
789
%
807
%
815
Software subscriptions
106
%
97
%
84
Product revenue
895
%
904
%
899
Service revenue
105
%
96
%
101
Total Revenues
1000
%
1000
%
1000
Fiscal 2005 Compared to Fiscal 2004 Product Revenues Product revenues increased
by 352% to $1,4303million in fiscal 2005, from
$1,0582million in fiscal 2004. Product revenues growth
was across all geographies. This increase in product revenues
was specifically attributable to increased software licenses and
software subscriptions and an increase in units shipped,
compared to the same period in the previous year. Product revenues were favorably affected by the following
factors   
Increased revenues from our current product portfolio, such as
FAS980, FAS960, FAS940, FAS920, FAS270 and FAS250 storage
systems; NearStore R200 nearline storage systems; and
NetCacheC6200, C2100 appliances and add-on software     
Increased sales of software subscriptions representing 106% and
97% of total revenues for fiscal 2005 and 2004, respectively     
Growth in secondary storage system and related software products
as enterprises continue to implement disk-to-disk
backup/archival, business continuance, and regulated compliance
initiatives     
Increased demand for NetApp data protection, mission-critical
tier-one storage environments, iSCSI SAN deployments in the
Windows environment and distributed enterprise     
Increased sales through indirect channels in absolute dollars,
including sales through our resellers, distributors, and OEM
partners, representing 512% and 479% of total revenues for
fiscal 2005 and 2004, respectively Product revenues were negatively affected by the following
factors   
Lower-cost-per-megabyte disks     
Declining average selling prices and unit sales of our older
products     
Incremental revenue due to an extra week of business in fiscal
2004 compared to fiscal 2005 42 Table of Contents The Spinnaker acquisition, which closed in February 2004, did
not have a significant impact on our fiscal 2005 revenue. We
expect to release Spinnaker integrated capabilities at the end
of calendar year 2005. We cannot assure you that we will be able
to maintain or increase market demand for our products. Service Revenues Service revenues, which
include hardware support, professional services, and educational
services, increased by 497% to $1678million in fiscal
2005, from $1121million in fiscal 2004. The increase in absolute dollars was due to the following
factors   
An increasing number of enterprise customers, which typically
purchase more complete and generally longer-term service
packages than our nonenterprise customers     
A growing installed base resulting in new customer support
contracts in addition to support contract renewals by existing
customers     
Growth in professional services revenue While it is an element of our strategy to expand and offer a
more comprehensive, global enterprise support and service
solution, we cannot assure you that service revenue will grow at
the current rate in fiscal 2006. Service revenues are generally deferred and, in most cases,
recognized ratably over the service obligation periods, which
are typically one to three years. Service revenues represented
105% and 96% of total revenues for fiscal year 2005 and 2004,
respectively. International total revenues International
total revenues including U.S.exports increased by 390%
in fiscal year 2005 compared with fiscal 2004. International
total revenues were $7658million, or 479% of total
revenues for fiscal year 2005 compared with $5510million
or 471% of total revenues for fiscal 2004. The increase in
international sales was primarily a result of revenue growth
from our European and Asia Pacific geography, driven by larger
storage implementations, increased demand for our solutions
portfolio, new customers, and higher storage spending in certain
geographic regions, as compared to the same period in the prior
fiscal year. We cannot assure you that we will be able to
maintain or increase international revenues in fiscal 2006. Product Gross Margin Product gross margin
increased to 659% for fiscal 2005, from 649% for fiscal 2004. Product gross margin was favorably affected by the following
factors   
Favorable product and add-on software mix     
Competitive pricing solutions with our bundled software and
solutions set     
Higher average selling prices for our newer products     
Growth in software subscription upgrades and software licenses
due primarily to a larger installed base and an increasing
number of new enterprise customers     
Transitional expenses incurred in fiscal 2004 associated with
the initial implementation of a new Enterprise Resource Planning
ERP system, which we did not incur in fiscal 2005 Product gross margin was negatively affected by the following
factors   
Higher disk content with an expanded storage capacity for the
higher-end storage systems and NearStore systems, as resale of
disk drives generates lower gross margin     
Increased sales through certain indirect channels, which
typically carry a lower gross margin than our direct sales     
Sales price reductions due to competitive pricing pressure and
selective pricing discounts     
Lower average selling price of certain add-on software options 43 Table of Contents We expect higher disk content associated with high-end storage
systems will negatively affect our gross margin in the future,
if not offset by software revenue and new products. Amortization of existing technology included in cost of product
revenues was $34million and $37million for fiscal
2005 and 2004, respectively. Estimated future amortization of
existing technology to cost of product revenues relating to the
Spinnaker acquisition will be $34million for each of
fiscal years 2006, 2007, and 2008; $28million for fiscal
year 2009; and none thereafter. Service Gross Margin Service gross margin
increased to 194% in fiscal 2005 compared to 159% in fiscal
2004. Cost of service revenue increased by 434% to
$1352million in fiscal 2005, from $943million in
fiscal 2004. The improvement in service gross margin for fiscal 2005 compared
to fiscal 2004 was primarily due to an increase in services
revenue and improved headcount utilization offset by the
continued spending in our service infrastructure to support our
increasing enterprise customer base. This spending included
additional professional support engineers, increased support
center activities, and global service partnership programs.
Service gross margin will typically experience some variability
over time due to the timing of technical support service
initiations and renewals and additional investments in our
customer support infrastructure. In fiscal 2006, we expect
service margin to be in the low 20% range, as we continue to
build out our service capability and capacity to support our
growing enterprise customers and new products. Sales and Marketing Sales and marketing
expenses consist primarily of salaries, commissions, advertising
and promotional expenses, and certain customer service and
support costs. Sales and marketing expenses increased 333% to
$4660million for fiscal 2005, from $3495million
for fiscal 2004. These expenses were 291% and 299% of total
revenues for fiscal 2005 and fiscal 2004, respectively. The
increase in absolute dollars was attributed to increased
commission expenses resulting from increased revenues, higher
performance-based payroll expenses due to higher profitability,
higher sales kickoff expenses, higher partner program expenses,
and the continued worldwide spending in our sales and global
service organizations associated with selling complete
enterprise solutions, partially offset by an extra week of
business in fiscal 2004 as compared to fiscal 2005. Amortization of Spinnaker trademarks/tradenames and customer
contracts, and relationships included in sales and marketing
expenses was $08million and $02million for fiscal
2005 and fiscal 2004, respectively. Estimated future
amortization of trademarks, tradenames, customer contracts, and
relationships relating to the Spinnaker acquisition and included
in sales and marketing expenses will be $03million for
fiscal 2006, and $01million for fiscal 2007, respectively. Sales and marketing headcount increased to 1,918 at
April30, 2005, from 1,421 at April30, 2004. We
expect to continue to selectively add sales capacity in an
effort to expand domestic and international markets, introduce
new products, establish and expand new distribution channels,
and increase product and company awareness. We expect to
increase our sales and marketing expenses commensurate with
future revenue growth. Research and Development Research and
development expenses consist primarily of salaries and benefits,
prototype expenses, nonrecurring engineering charges, fees paid
to outside consultants and amortization of capitalized patents. Research and development expenses increased 297% to
$1710million for fiscal 2005 from $1319million for
fiscal 2004. These expenses represented 107% and 113% of total
revenues for fiscal 2005 and 2004, respectively. The increase in
research and development expenses was primarily a result of
increased headcount, ongoing impact of the Spinnaker
acquisition, ongoing support of current and future product
development and enhancement efforts, higher performance-based
payroll expenses due to higher profitability, partially offset
by an extra week of expenses in fiscal 2004 compared to the
fiscal 2005, cost control, and reduction in discretionary
spending efforts. Research and development headcount increased
to 827 as of April30, 2005, compared to 650 as of
April30, 2004. For both fiscal 2005 and 2004, no software
development costs were capitalized. 44 Table of Contents Included in research and development expenses is capitalized
patents amortization of $18million and $15million
for fiscal 2005 and 2004, respectively. Based on capitalized
patents recorded at April30, 2005, estimated future
capitalized patents amortization expenses will be
$20million for each of the fiscal years 2006, 2007, and
2008, respectively, and $05 and $02million for fiscal
2009 and 2010. We believe that our future performance will depend in large part
on our ability to maintain and enhance our current product line,
develop new products that achieve market acceptance, maintain
technological competitiveness, and meet an expanding range of
customer requirements. We expect to continuously support current
and future product development and enhancement efforts, and
incur prototyping expenses and nonrecurring engineering charges
associated with the development of new products and
technologies. We intend to continuously broaden our existing
product offerings and introduce new products that expand our
solutions portfolio. We believe that our research and development expenses will
increase in absolute dollars for fiscal 2006, primarily due to
ongoing costs associated with the development of new products
and technologies, projected headcount growth and the operating
impact of potential future acquisitions as compared to fiscal
2005. General and Administrative General and
administrative expenses increased 410% to $769million
for fiscal 2005, from $546million for fiscal 2004. These
expenses represented 48% and 47% of total revenues for fiscal
2005 and 2004, respectively. This increase in absolute dollars
was primarily due to expenses associated with expanded
regulatory requirements, higher legal expenses and professional
fees for general corporate matters including patents, higher
performance-based payroll expenses due to higher profitability,
partially offset by reduced expenses as a result of one less
week of expenses in the fiscal 2005 compared to fiscal 2004 and
higher expenses associated with investments in our
enterprise-wide ERP system and back-office infrastructure in
fiscal 2004, which we did not incur in fiscal 2005. General and administrative headcount increased to 432 at
April30, 2005, from 331 at April30, 2004. We believe
that our general and administrative expenses will increase in
absolute dollars for fiscal 2006 due to projected GA
headcount growth. Amortization of Spinnaker covenants not to
compete included in general and administrative expenses was
$51million and $11million for fiscal 2005 and
2004, respectively. Estimated future amortization of covenants
not to compete relating to the Spinnaker acquisition will be
$15million for fiscal year 2006 and none thereafter. Stock Compensation Stock compensation
expenses were $81million and $39million for fiscal
2005 and 2004, respectively. This net increase year-over-year in
stock compensation expenses reflected primarily higher stock
compensation relating to the Spinnaker acquisition and
restricted stock awards partially offset by forfeitures of
unvested options and forfeited restricted stock assumed in the
Spinnaker acquisition. Based on deferred stock compensation
recorded at April30, 2005, estimated future deferred stock
compensation amortization expenses are $68million in
fiscal 2006, $53million in fiscal 2007, $37million
in fiscal 2008, and none thereafter. Restructuring Charges In fiscal 2002, as a
result of continuing unfavorable economic conditions and a
reduction in IT spending rates, we implemented two restructuring
plans, which included reductions in our workforce and
consolidations of our facilities.   
Fiscal 2002 Second Quarter Restructuring Plan In August 2001, we implemented the first restructuring plan,
which included a reduction in workforce by approximately 200
employees and a consolidation of facilities. The action was
required to properly align and manage the business commensurate
with our revenue at that time. All functional areas of the
Company were affected by the reduction. We completed our actions
during the second quarter of fiscal 2002. As a result of this
restructuring, we recorded a charge of $80million. The
restructuring charge included $48million of
severance-related amounts, $27million of committed excess
facilities and facility closure expenses, including certain
facilities in foreign countries, and $05million in fixed
assets write-offs. 45 Table of Contents During fiscal 2005, we paid $06million pursuant to final
resolution of certain severance-related restructuring accruals.
As of April30, 2005, we have no outstanding balance in our
restructuring liability for the second quarter fiscal 2002
restructuring. The following analysis sets forth the significant components of
the second quarter fiscal 2002 restructuring at April30,
2005 in thousands   
Severance-
Fixed Assets
Related Amounts
Write-Off
Facility
Total   
Restructuring charge
$
4,796
$
528
$
2,656
$
7,980
Cash payments and others
4,394
894
5,288
Noncash portion
528
46
574
Adjustments
315
1,585
1,270
Reserve balance at April30, 2004
717
131
848
Cash payments and others
531
46
577
Adjustments
186
85
271
Reserve balance at April30, 2005
$
$
$
$
Fiscal 2002 Fourth Quarter Restructuring Plan In April 2002, we completed a restructuring related to the
closure of an engineering facility and consolidation of
resources to the Sunnyvale headquarters. As a result of this
restructuring, we recorded a charge of $59million. The
restructuring charge included $08million of
severance-related amounts, $46million of committed excess
facilities and facility closure expenses, and $05million
in fixed assets write-offs. Of the reserve balance at
April30, 2005, $08million was included in other
accrued liabilities and the remaining $37million was
classified as long-term obligations. In fiscal 2003 and 2004, we updated our assumptions and
estimates based on certain triggering events, which resulted in
additional net charges of $09million and
$13million, respectively, primarily relating to sublease
assumptions for our engineering facility. The restructuring
liability will be fully paid through November 2010. In the event
that the engineering facility is not subleased as anticipated,
we will be obligated for an additional total lease payments of
$18million as of April30, 2005 to be payable
through November 2010. The following analysis sets forth the significant components of
the fourth quarter fiscal 2002 restructuring at April30,
2005 in thousands   
Severance-
Fixed Assets
Related Amounts
Write-Off
Facility
Total   
Restructuring charge
$
813
$
473
$
4,564
$
5,850
Cash payments and others
706
1,713
2,419
Noncash portion
473
473
Adjustments
107
2,357
2,250
Reserve balance at April30, 2004
5,208
5,208
Cash payments and others
705
705
Reserve balance at April30, 2005
$
$
$
4,503
$
4,503
Interest Income Interest income was
$242million and $137million for fiscal 2005 and
2004, respectively. Included in interest income for fiscal 2005
was a $13million interest received on a tax refund. In
addition, the increase in interest income was primarily driven
by higher cash and investment balances provided by operating
activities and higher average interest rates on our investment
portfolio. We expect interest income to increase for fiscal 2006
as a result of rising average interest rates and higher cash and
invested balances in a higher interest-rate portfolio
environment. 46 Table of Contents Other Income Expense, Net Other Income
Expense, Net, included net exchange losses from foreign
currency transactions of $16million and $29million
in fiscal 2005 and 2004, respectively. The net exchange loss was
a result of the volatility of the currency exchange market and
increased hedging costs associated with our forward and option
activities. Provision for Income Taxes For fiscal 2005,
we had an effective tax rate of 183% to pretax income. The
effective tax rate for fiscal 2005 differed from the
U.S.statutory rate primarily due to a foreign tax ruling
for our principal European subsidiary, the availability of tax
credits, and the generation of foreign earnings in lower tax
jurisdictions. For fiscal 2004, our effective tax rate was 108%
which included 99% reduction to account for the
$168million nonrecurring benefit from the retroactive
portion of foreign tax ruling. Fiscal 2004 Compared to Fiscal 2003 Business Combinations During the fourth
quarter of fiscal 2004, we acquired Spinnaker for approximately
$3056million including transaction costs in an
all-stock transaction. Spinnaker provides scalable system
architectures, distributed file systems, next-generation
clustering technologies, and virtualization. The acquisition was
accounted for as a purchase transaction. The unaudited pro forma
information giving pro forma effect to the merger is presented
under Note11, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Product Revenues Product revenues increased
by 319% to $1,0582million in fiscal 2004, from
$8023million in fiscal 2003. Product revenues growth was
across all geographies. This increase in product revenues was
specifically attributable to increased software licenses and
software subscriptions and an increase in units shipped,
compared to the prior year. Product revenues were favorably affected by the following
factors   
Increased revenues from our current products such as: FAS960,
FAS940, FAS270, and FAS250storage systems; NearStore R200
and R150 nearline storage systems; NetCache C2100 and
C6200appliances, as well as our gateway storage systems
gFiler, GF960, GF940 and GF825     
Increased revenues from data management software products that
are focused on solving enterprise customer storage challenges,
including regulatory and compliance data needs, storage
consolidation, Internet access and security, technical
applications, and data protection     
Higher sales of software subscription upgrades representing 97%
and 84% of total revenues for fiscal year 2004 and 2003,
respectively     
Increased demand for regulatory compliance WORM solutions and
back-up-to-disk solutions     
Increased sales through indirect channels, including sales
through our resellers, distributors, and OEMpartners,
representing 479% and 465% of total revenues for fiscal 2004
and 2003, respectively     
Incremental revenue due to an extra week of business in fiscal
2004 compared to fiscal 2003 Product revenues were negatively affected by the following
factors   
Lower-cost-per-megabyte disks     
Declining average selling price and unit sales of our older
storage systems The acquisition of Spinnaker in the fourth quarter of fiscal
2004 did not have a significant impact on fiscal 2004 revenues. Service Revenues Service revenues, which
include hardware support, professional services, and educational
services, increased by 249% to $1121million in fiscal
2004, from $898million in fiscal 2003. Service revenues
are generally deferred and, in most cases, recognized ratably
over the service obligation periods, which are typically one to
three years. Service revenues represented 96%, and 101% of
total revenues for fiscal year 2004 and 2003, respectively. The
increase in absolute dollars was due to an increasing number of
enterprise customers, which typically purchase more complete and
generally longer-term service packages. 47 Table of Contents Higher service revenues were also related to a growing installed
base resulting in new customer support contracts in addition to
support contract renewals by existing customers. International Total Revenues International
total revenues including U.S.exports increased by 469%
in fiscal year 2004 compared with fiscal 2003. International
total revenues were $5510million, or 471% of total
revenues for fiscal year 2004 compared with $3752million
or 421% of total revenues for fiscal 2003. The increase in
international sales for fiscal year 2004 was primarily a result
of European and Asia/ Pacific net revenues growth, driven by
larger storage implementations, new products, and higher storage
spending in certain geographic regions, compared to the previous
fiscal year. Product Gross Margin Product gross margin
decreased to 649% for fiscal 2004, from 651% for fiscal 2003.
Amortization of existing technology included in cost of product
revenues was $37million and $55million for fiscal
year 2004 and 2003, respectively. Product gross margin was negatively affected by the following
factors   
Increased sales through certain indirect channels, which have a
lower gross margin than our direct sales     
Transitional costs associated with implementation of a new
Enterprise Resource Planning ERPsystem     
Higher disk content with an expanded storage capacity for the
higher-end storage systems and NearStore systems     
Sales price reductions due to competitive pricing pressure and
selective pricing discounts     
Lower average selling price of certain add-on software options Product gross margin was favorably affected by the following
factors   
Favorable product and add-on software mix     
Competitive pricing solutions with our bundled software and
solutions set     
Higher average selling prices for our new products     
Growth in software subscription upgrades and software licenses
due primarily to a larger installed base and an increasing
number of new enterprise customers     
Lower cost of components Service Gross Margin Service gross margin
decreased to 159% in fiscal 2004 as compared to 265% in fiscal
2003. Investments in global service increased by 430% to
$943million in fiscal 2004, from $660million in
fiscal 2003. The decrease in service gross margin was primarily
due to the continued investment in our service infrastructure to
support our increasing enterprise customer base, partially
offset by improved headcount utilization. These investments
included additional professional support engineers, increased
support center activities, and global service partnership
programs. Sales and Marketing Sales and marketing
expenses consist primarily of salaries, commissions, advertising
and promotional expenses, and certain global service and support
costs. Sales and marketing expenses increased 149% to
$3495million for fiscal 2004, from $3042million
for fiscal 2003. These expenses were 299% and 342% of total
revenues for fiscal 2004 and fiscal 2003, respectively. The
increase in absolute dollars was attributed to sales kickoff and
club meetings, increased commission expenses resulting from
increased revenues, an extra week of expenses in fiscal 2004
compared to fiscal 2003, the continued worldwide investment in
our sales and global service organizations associated with
selling complete enterprise solutions and scaling our sales
infrastructure, offset by cost controls and reduction in
discretionary spending efforts. Sales and marketing headcount
increased to 1,421 at April30, 2004, from 1,199 at
April30, 2003. Research and Development Research and
development expenses consist primarily of salaries and benefits,
prototype expenses, nonrecurring engineering charges, fees paid
to outside consultants, and amortiza 48 Table of Contents tion of capitalized patents. Included in research and
development expenses are capitalized patents amortization of
$15million for April30, 2004, compared to none for
the same periods in the prior year. Research and development expenses increased 168% to
$1319million for fiscal 2004 from $1129million for
fiscal 2003. These expenses represented 113% and 127% of total
revenues for fiscal years 2004 and 2003, respectively. The
increase in research and development expenses was primarily a
result of an extra week of expenses in fiscal 2004 compared to
fiscal 2003, increased ongoing operating impact of the Spinnaker
acquisition, increased headcount, ongoing support of current and
future product development and enhancement efforts, prototyping
expenses, and nonrecurring engineering charges, offset by cost
controls and reduction in discretionary spending efforts.
Research and development headcount increased to 650 as of
April30, 2004, compared to 526 as of April30, 2003.
For both fiscal 2004 and 2003, no software development costs
were capitalized. General and Administrative General and
administrative expenses increased 481% to $546million in
fiscal 2004, from $368million in fiscal 2003. These
expenses represented 47% and 41% of total revenues for fiscal
2004 and 2003, respectively. Increases in absolute dollars were
primarily due to expenses associated with initiatives to enhance
and implement our enterprise-wide ERP system, back office
infrastructure and expanded regulatory requirements, partially
offset by cost control and reduction in discretionary spending
efforts. General and administrative headcount increased to 331
in fiscal 2004 from 283 in fiscal 2003. Stock Compensation Stock compensation
expenses were $39million and $36million for fiscal
2004 and 2003, respectively. This net increase in stock
compensation expenses reflected primarily higher stock
compensation relating to the Spinnaker acquisition and
restricted stock awards offset by forfeitures of unvested
options assumed in the Spinnaker and WebManage acquisitions. Restructuring Charges In fiscal 2002, as a
result of continuing unfavorable economic conditions and a
reduction in IT spending rates, we implemented two restructuring
plans, which included reductions in our workforce and
consolidations of our facilities. Fiscal 2002 Second Quarter Restructuring Plan. In August
2001, we implemented the first restructuring plan, which
included a reduction in workforce by approximately 200 employees
and a consolidation of facilities. As a result of this
restructuring, we incurred a charge of $80million. During fiscal 2002, we purchased our Sunnyvale headquarters site
and terminated the operating leases. As a result, an adjustment
was made to reduce the previously recorded estimated facilities
lease losses by $15million. As of April30, 2004, we have $07million outstanding
in our accrued and unpaid severance-related restructuring costs
due to changes in estimated costs of certain severance-related
matters. The reserve balance of $08million at
April30, 2004, was included in other accrued liabilities. The following analysis sets forth the significant components of
the second quarter fiscal 2002 restructuring at April30,
2004 in thousands   
Severance-
Fixed Assets
Related Amounts
Write-Off
Facility
Total   
Restructuring charge
$
4,796
$
528
$
2,656
$
7,980
Cash payments and others
4,444
885
5,329
Noncash portion
528
46
574
Adjustments
315
1,585
1,270
Reserve balance at April30, 2003
667
140
807
Cash payments and others
50
9
41
Reserve balance at April30, 2004
$
717
$
$
131
$
848
Fiscal 2002 Fourth Quarter Restructuring Plan. In April
2002, we completed a restructuring related to the closure of an
engineering facility and consolidation of resources to the
Sunnyvale headquarters. As a result 49 Table of Contents of this restructuring, we recorded a charge of
$59million. Of the reserve balance at April30,
2004, $07million was included in other accrued
liabilities and the remaining $45million was classified
as long-term obligations. In fiscal 2003 and 2004, we updated our assumptions and
estimates based on certain triggering events, which resulted in
additional net charges of $09million and
$13million, respectively, primarily relating to sublease
assumptions for our engineering facility. The following analysis sets forth the significant components of
the fourth quarter fiscal 2002 restructuring at April30,
2004 in thousands   
Severance-
Fixed Assets
Related Amounts
Write-Off
Facility
Total   
Restructuring charge
$
813
$
473
$
4,564
$
5,850
Cash payments and others
706
1,023
1,729
Non-cash portion
473
473
Adjustments
107
1,030
923
Reserve balance at April30, 2003
4,571
4,571
Cash payments and others
690
690
Adjustments
1,327
1,327
Reserve balance at April30, 2004
$
$
$
5,208
$
5,208
Interest Income During fiscal 2004, interest
income was $137million, compared to $122million in
fiscal 2003. The increase in interest income was primarily
driven by higher cash and investment balances provided by
operating activities partially offset by lower average interest
rates on our investment portfolio. Other Expenses, Net Other expenses, net,
included a net exchange loss from foreign currency transactions
of $29million and $10million, respectively, for
fiscal 2004 and 2003. The increase in net exchange loss was
attributed to the impact of currency balance sheet hedging
activities resulting from forecast variances. Net Gain Loss on Investments Our
investments in publicly held companies are generally considered
impaired when a decline makes the fair value of an investment as
measured by quoted market prices less than its carrying value
and the decline is not considered temporary. In fiscal 2004, we
realized a net gain of $07million on the sale of
previously impaired investments. In fiscal 2003, we recorded a
noncash write down of $20million related to the
impairment of our investments, partially offset by a gain of
$08million on previously impaired investments. Gain on Sale of Intangible Assets We recorded
a gain on sale of intangible assets of $06million in
fiscal 2003 related to the sale of our ContentReporter software.
We intend to resell this software through a licensing
arrangement. Provision Benefit for Income Taxes
Provision for income taxes for fiscal 2004 included a
nonrecurring income tax benefit of $168million or
approximately $005per share associated with a favorable
foreign tax ruling, which occurred during the second quarter of
fiscal 2004. This favorable ruling from the Netherlands provides
for retroactive benefits dating back to fiscal year 2001 as well
as current and future tax rate benefits. For fiscal 2004, we had an effective tax rate of 108% which
included 99% reduction to account for the $168million
nonrecurring benefit from the foreign tax ruling. The effective
tax rate for fiscal 2004 differed from the U.S.statutory
rate primarily due to the retroactive and current benefits of
the foreign tax ruling, the availability of tax credits, and the
generation of foreign earnings in lower tax jurisdictions. For
fiscal 2003, our effective tax rate was 218%, which included
certain benefits from tax credits and foreign earnings in a
lower tax jurisdiction. 50 Table of Contents Liquidity and Capital Resources The following sections discuss the effects of changes in our
balance sheet and cash flow, contractual obligations and other
commercial commitments, stock repurchase program, capital
commitments, other sources and uses of cash flow and potential
tax opportunities on our liquidity and capital resources.   
Balance Sheet and Other Cash Flows As of April30, 2005, compared to April30, 2004, our
cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments increased by
$3620million to $1,1700million. We derive our
liquidity and capital resources primarily from our cash flow
from operations and from working capital. Working capital
increased by $3107million to $1,0557million as of
April30, 2005, compared to $7450million as of
April30, 2004. During fiscal 2005, we recorded cash flows from operating
activities of $4621million as compared with
$3130million and $1924million for fiscal 2004 and
fiscal 2003, respectively. The largest driver of this increase
was fiscal 2005net income of $2258million as
compared to $1521million and $765million in fiscal
2004 and fiscal 2003, respectively. Noncash adjustments were
higher in fiscal 2005 compared to fiscal 2004, including
amortization of intangible assets, which was higher by
$44million and stock compensation which was higher by
$43million, all relating to the Spinnaker acquisition. In
addition to higher net income and noncash adjustments in fiscal
2005, the primary factors that impacted the period-to-period
change in cash flows relating to operating activities included
the following   
An increase in deferred revenues from higher software
subscription and service billings attributable to our continuing
shift toward larger enterprise customers, as well as renewals of
existing maintenance agreements     
An increase in accounts payable in fiscal 2005 as a result of
growth in business volumes and facilities expansion projects     
Increased income taxes payable, primarily reflecting higher
profitability in fiscal 2005 compared to the fiscal 2004     
Decreased prepaid expenses and other assets in fiscal 2005 due
to a tax refund of $90million in connection with a
carryback of net operating losses generated in fiscal 2000     
Increased accrued compensation and related benefits due to
higher commission and higher performance-based payroll expenses
reflecting higher revenue and profitability in fiscal 2005
compared to the fiscal 2004 The above factors were partially offset by the effects of the
following   
Increased accounts receivable balances due to increased sales in
fiscal 2005 compared to fiscal 2004     
An increase in inventories due primarily to end-of-life buys for
certain products We expect that cash provided by operating activities may
fluctuate in future periods as a result of a number of factors,
including fluctuations in our operating results, shipment
linearity, accounts receivable collections, inventory
management, and the timing of tax and other payments. Capital expenditures for fiscal 2005 were $936million,
which included the $241million site purchase in Research
Triangle Park RTP, North Carolina, compared to
$487million and $602million in fiscal 2004 and
fiscal 2003, respectively. We used net proceeds of
$2668million, $1917million, and
$2000million in fiscal 2005, 2004, and 2003,
respectively, for net purchases/redemptions of short-term
investments. In fiscal 2005 and 2004, we acquired additional
patents for a purchase price of approximately $09million
and $90million, respectively. Investing activities in
fiscal 2005, 2004, and 2003 also included new investments in
privately held companies of $04million and
$09million and $07million, respectively. We
received $03million, $11million, and
$08million in proceeds from sales of investments in
fiscal 2005, 2004, and 2003, respectively. Under a split dollar
insurance arrangement with our CEO entered in May 2000, we paid
total premiums of $102million, including
$02million, $39million, and $20million for
fiscal years 2005 51 Table of Contents 2004, and 2003, respectively. In April 2005, our CEO reimbursed
us $102million for these premiums. In fiscal 2004, we
incurred $80million on a bridge loan and related
transactions costs and assumed $12million relating to the
Spinnaker acquisition. We used $121million and $546million in fiscal 2005
and 2004, respectively, and received $293million in
fiscal 2003 in net financing activities, which included sales of
common stock related to employee stock transactions net of
common stock repurchases. During fiscal 2005 and 2004, we
repurchased 77million and 69million shares of
common stock at a total of $1929million and
$1362million, respectively. Other financing activities
provided $1819million, $815million, and
$293million in the fiscal 2005, 2004, and 2003,
respectively, which related to sales of common stock related to
employee stock transactions. During fiscal 2005, pursuant to the
provisions of our Stock Option plans, we allowed optionees to
satisfy withholding tax obligations by electing to have us
withhold from the shares to be issued upon exercise of a
restricted stock the equivalent shares having a fair market
value equal to $11million withholding taxes to cover for
federal, state, and local withholding taxes. The change in cash flow from financing was primarily due to the
effects of higher common stock repurchases partially offset by
proceeds from issuance of common stock under employee programs
compared to the same period in the prior year. Net proceeds from
the issuance of common stock related to employee participation
in employee stock programs have historically been a significant
component of our liquidity. The extent to which our employees
participate in these programs generally increases or decreases
based upon changes in the market price of our common stock. As a
result, our cash flow resulting from the issuance of common
stock related to employee participation in employee stock
programs will vary.   
Stock Repurchase Program In fiscal 2005, our Board of Directors approved an increase in
shares authorized to be repurchased from $1500million to
$3500million in common shares. On May24, 2005, the
Board authorized an expansion of the program to purchase an
additional $3000million of outstanding common stock. The
duration of the repurchase program is open-ended, and the
program may be suspended or discontinued at any time. Share
repurchase activities for fiscal 2005 and 2004, were as follows
in thousands   
Fiscal Year   
2005
2004   
Shares repurchased
7,713
6,853
Cost of shares repurchased
$
192,903
$
136,171
Average price per share
$
2501
$
1987
Since the inception of the stock repurchase program through
April30, 2005, we have purchased a total of
146million shares of our common stock at an average price
of $2259per share for an aggregate purchase price of
$3291million. At April30, 2005, $209million
in shares remained authorized for repurchases under the plan.   
Other Sources and Uses of Cash and Tax
Opportunities The American Jobs Creation Act of 2004 the Jobs
Act creates a temporary incentive for
U.S.corporations to repatriate accumulated income earned
abroad by providing an 85% dividend-received deduction for
certain dividends from certain non-U.S.subsidiaries. The
deduction is subject to a number of limitations, and we are
currently considering recently issued Treasury and IRS guidance
on the application of the deduction. We are not yet in a
position to decide whether, and to what extent, foreign earnings
that have not yet been remitted to the U.S.might be
repatriated. Based on the analysis to date, however, it is
reasonably possible that as much as $3550million might be
repatriated, with a respective tax liability of up to
$150million. We expect to be in a position to finalize
our analysis during our third quarter of fiscal 2006. For fiscal 2005, 2004, and 2003, we recorded tax benefits, in
the form of reduced payments, of $278million 495million, and $185million, respectively,
associated with disqualifying dispositions of employee stock
options. If stock option exercise patterns change, we may
receive less cash from stock option 52 Table of Contents exercises and may not receive the same level of tax benefits in
the future, which could cause our cash payments for income taxes
to increase.   
Contractual Cash Obligations and Other Commercial
Commitments The following summarizes our contractual cash obligations and
commercial commitments at April30, 2005, and the effect
such obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash
flow in future periods, in thousands   
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
Thereafter
Total   
Contractual Obligations:
Rent operating lease payments1
$
13,057
$
8,798
$
8,382
$
8,644
$
6,616
$
22,634
$
68,131
Equipment operating lease payments
3,766
2,835
1,362
241
1
8,205
Venture capital funding commitments2
548
548
536
523
511
534
3,200
Purchase commitments and other3
758
606
6
1,370
Capital expenditures4
19,564
19,564
Communications maintenance5
4,608
910
347
67
5,932
Restructuring charges6
756
832
836
818
792
469
4,503
Total Contractual Cash Obligations
$
43,057
$
14,529
$
11,469
$
10,293
$
7,920
$
23,637
$
110,905
For purposes of the above table, contractual obligations for the
purchase of goods and services are defined as agreements that
are enforceable, legally binding on us, and subject us to
penalties if we cancel the agreement. Some of the figures we
include in this table are based on managements estimates
and assumptions about these obligations, including their
duration, the possibility of renewal or termination, anticipated
actions by third parties, and other factors. Because these
estimates and assumptions are necessarily subjective, the
enforceable and legally binding obligations we will actually pay
in future periods may vary from those reflected in the table.   
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
Thereafter
Total   
In thousands   
Other Commercial Commitments:
Letters of credit7
$
1,483
$
$
$
$
$
337
$
1,820
Restricted cash8
1,699
1,693
483
105
79
4,059
Total Commercial Commitments
$
3,182
$
1,693
$
483
$
105
$
$
416
$
5,879
1
We enter into operating leases in the normal course of business.
We lease sales offices, research and development facilities, and
other property and equipment under operating leases throughout
the U.S. and internationally, which expire through fiscal 2015.
Substantially all lease agreements have fixed payment terms
based on the passage of time and contain escalation clauses.
Some lease agreements provide us with the option to renew the
lease or to terminate the lease. Our future operating lease
obligations would change if we were to exercise these options
and if we were to enter into additional operating lease
agreements. Sublease income of $02million has been
included as a reduction of the payment amounts shown in the
table. Facilities operating lease payments exclude the leases
impacted by the restructurings. The amounts for the leases
impacted by the restructurings are included in
subparagraph6below.     2
Venture capital funding commitments includes a quarterly
committed management fee based on a percentage of our committed
funding to be payable through June 2011.     3
Purchase commitments and other represent agreements to purchase
component inventory from our suppliers and/or contract
manufacturers that are enforceable and legally binding against
us. Other examples include minimum cash commitments related to
facilities and utilities. Purchase commitments and other
excludes apurchases of good and services we expect to
consume in the ordinary course of business in the next
12months; bopen purchase orders which represent an
authorization to purchase 53 Table of Contents   
rather than binding agreements; cagreements that are
cancelable without penalty and costs that are not reasonably
estimable at this time.     4
Capital expenditures include worldwide contractual commitments
to purchase equipment and to construct building and leasehold
improvements, which will be recorded as Property and Equipment.     5
Under certain communication contracts with major
telecommunication companies as well as maintenance contracts
with multiple vendors, we are required to pay based on a minimum
volume. Such obligations expire through January 2009.     6
These amounts are included on our Consolidated Balance Sheets
under Long-term Obligations and Other Accrued Liabilities, which
is comprised of committed lease payments and operating expenses
net of committed and estimated sublease income. The
restructuring estimated sublease income included various
assumptions such as the time period over which the facilities
will be vacant, expected sublease terms, and expected sublease
rates. The actual amount paid, if the facility is not subleased,
would be increased by $18million to be payable through
November 2010.     7
The amounts outstanding under these letters of credit relate to
workers compensation, a customs guarantee, a corporate
credit card program, and a foreign lease.     8
Restricted cash arrangements relate to facility lease
requirements, service performance guarantees, customs and duties
guarantees, and VAT requirements, and are included under Prepaid
Expenses and Other and Other Assets on our Consolidated Balance
Sheets.   
Capital Expenditure Requirements We expect capital expenditures to increase in the future
consistent with the growth in our business, as we continue to
invest in people, land, buildings, capital equipment and
enhancements to our worldwide infrastructure. We expect that our
existing facilities and those being developed in Sunnyvale,
California; RTP, North Carolina; and worldwide are adequate for
our requirements over at least the next two years and that
additional space will be available as needed. During the first
quarter of fiscal 2005, we purchased three buildings in RTP,
North Carolina, for $241million. We expect to finance
these construction projects, including our commitments under
facilities and equipment operating leases, and any required
capital expenditures over the next few years through cash from
operations and existing cash, cash equivalents and investments.   
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements As of April30, 2005, our financial guarantees of
$18million that were not recorded on our balance sheet
consisted of standby letters of credit related to workers
compensation, a customs guarantee, a corporate credit card
program, and a foreign lease. As of April30, 2005, our notional fair values of foreign
exchange forward and foreign currency option contracts totaled
$2111million. We do not believe that these derivatives
present significant credit risks because the counterparties to
the derivatives consist of major financial institutions, and we
manage the notional amount of contracts entered into with any
one counterparty. We do not enter into derivative financial
instruments for speculative or trading purposes. Other than the
risk associated with the financial condition of the
counterparties, our maximum exposure related to foreign currency
forward and option contracts is limited to the premiums paid. We offer both recourse and nonrecourse lease financing
arrangements to our customers. Under the terms of recourse
leases, which are generally three years or less, we remain
liable for the aggregate unpaid remaining lease payments to the
third-party leasing company in the event that any customers were
to default. We initially defer 100% of the recourse lease
receivable and recognize revenue over the term of the lease as
the lease payments become due. As of April30, 2005, and
2004, the maximum recourse exposure under such leases totaled
approximately $7,047 and $6,755, respectively. Under the terms
of the nonrecourse leases we do not have any continuing
obligations or liabilities. To date, we have not experienced
significant losses under this lease financing program. 54 Table of Contents We have entered into indemnification agreements with third
parties in the ordinary course of business. Generally, these
indemnification agreements require us to reimburse losses
suffered by the third party due to various events, such as
lawsuits arising from patent or copyright infringement. These
indemnification obligations are considered off-balance sheet
arrangements in accordance with FASB, Interpretation 45, of
FIN45, Guarantors Accounting and Disclosure
Requirements for Guarantees, Including Indirect Guarantees of
Indebtedness of Others. See Guarantees in
footnote14 for further discussion of these indemnification
agreements. As of April30, 2005, except for operating leases and other
contractual obligations outlined under the Contractual
Cash Obligations table, we do not have any off-balance
sheet financing arrangements or liabilities, retained or
contingent interests in transferred assets, or any obligation
arising out of a material variable interest in an unconsolidated
entity. We also do not have any majority-owned subsidiaries that
are not included in the consolidated financial statements.
Additionally, we do not have any interest in or relationship
with, any special purpose entities.   
Liquidity and Capital Resource Requirements Key factors affecting our cash flows include our ability to
effectively manage our working capital, in particular, accounts
receivable and inventories and future demand for our products
and related pricing. We expect to incur higher capital
expenditures in the near future to expand our operations. We
will from time to time acquire products and businesses
complementary to our business. In the future, we may continue to
repurchase our common stock, which would reduce cash, cash
equivalents, and/or short-term investments available to fund
future operations and meet other liquidity requirements. Based
on past performance and current expectations, we believe that
our cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, and cash
generated from operations will satisfy our working capital
needs, capital expenditures, stock repurchases, contractual
obligations, and other liquidity requirements associated with
our operations through at least the next 12months.   
Item7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk We are exposed to market risk related to fluctuations in
interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. We use
certain derivative financial instruments to manage these risks.
We do not use derivative financial instruments for speculative
or trading purposes. All financial instruments are used in
accordance with management-approved policies. Market Interest and Interest Income Risk Interest and Investment Income As of
April30, 2005, we had short-term investments of
$9764million. Our investment portfolio primarily consists
of highly liquid investments with original maturities at the
date of purchase of greater than three months, which are
classified as available for sale. These highly liquid
investments, consisting primarily of government, municipal,
corporate debt, and auction-rate securities, are subject to
interest rate and interest income risk and will decrease in
value if market interest rates increase. A hypothetical 10%
increase in market interest rates from levels at April30,
2005, would cause the fair value of these short-term investments
to decline by approximately $27million. Because we have
the ability to hold these investments until maturity, we would
not expect any significant decline in value of our investments
caused by market interest rate changes. Declines in interest
rates over time will, however, reduce our interest income. We do
not use derivative financial instruments in our investment
portfolio. Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk and Foreign Exchange
Forward Contracts We hedge risks associated with foreign currency transactions to
minimize the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange
rates on earnings. We utilize forward and option contracts to
hedge against the short-term impact of foreign currency
fluctuations on certain assets and liabilities denominated in
foreign currencies. All balance sheet hedges are marked to
market through earnings every period. We also use foreign
exchange forward contracts to hedge foreign currency forecasted
transactions related to certain sales and 55 Table of Contents operating expenses. These derivatives are designated as cash
flow hedges under SFASNo133. For cash flow hedges
outstanding at April30, 2005, the gains or losses were
included in other comprehensive income. We do not enter into foreign exchange contracts for speculative
or trading purposes. In entering into forward and option foreign
exchange contracts, we have assumed the risk that might arise
from the possible inability of counterparties to meet the terms
of their contracts. We attempt to limit our exposure to credit
risk by executing foreign exchange contracts with creditworthy
multinational commercial banks. All contracts have a maturity of
less than one year. The following table provides information about our foreign
exchange forward contracts and currency options contracts
outstanding on April30, 2005 in thousands   
Foreign
Notional
Notional   
Currency
Contract Value
Fair Value   Currency
Buy/Sell
Amount
USD
in USD   
Forward contracts:
CAD
Sell
9,612
$
7,631
$
7,631
CHF
Sell
3,454
$
2,890
$
2,890
ILS
Sell
9,136
$
2,092
$
2,092
ZAR
Sell
16,405
$
2,682
$
2,682
EUR
Sell
90,856
$
117,233
$
117,113
GBP
Sell
21,087
$
40,063
$
40,111
AUD
Buy
9,283
$
7,234
$
7,233
DKK
Buy
5,988
$
1,036
$
1,036
SEK
Buy
17,752
$
2,502
$
2,502
EUR
Buy
8,759
$
11,298
$
11,284
GBP
Buy
2,357
$
4,481
$
4,484
Option contracts:
EUR
Sell
7,000
$
9,020
$
9,124
GBP
Sell
1,500
$
2,857
$
2,881
The following table provides information about our foreign
exchange forward contracts and currency options contracts
outstanding on April30, 2004 in thousands   
Foreign
Notional
Notional   
Currency
Contract Value
Fair Value   Currency
Buy/Sell
Amount
USD
in USD   
Forward contracts:
CAD
Sell
4,459
$
3,252
$
3,252
CHF
Sell
3,371
$
2,603
$
2,604
GBP
Sell
17,598
$
31,126
$
31,121
EUR
Sell
82,097
$
97,872
$
97,864
ZAR
Sell
19,267
$
2,738
$
2,737
AUD
Buy
4,173
$
2,990
$
2,989
DKK
Buy
5,492
$
883
$
883
GBP
Buy
1,597
$
2,822
$
2,825
EUR
Buy
7,065
$
8,411
$
8,420
Option contracts:
EUR
Sell
5,000
$
5,963
$
6,039
GBP
Sell
1,250
$
2,215
$
2,242
56 Table of Contents   
Item8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Network Appliance, Inc. We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of
Network Appliance, Inc. and its subsidiaries the
Company as of April30, 2005 and 2004, and the
related consolidated statements of income, stockholders
equity and comprehensive income loss and cash flows for each
of the three years in the period ended April30, 2005. Our
audits also included the consolidated financial statement
schedule listed in a2. These financial
statements and the financial statement schedule are the
responsibility of the Companys management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on the financial
statements and the financial statement schedule based on our
audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of
Network Appliance, Inc. and its subsidiaries as of
April30, 2005 and 2004, and the results of their
operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in
the period ended April30, 2005 in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America. Also, in our opinion, the consolidated financial
statement schedule listed in a2, when considered
in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken
as a whole, presents fairly in all material respects the
information set forth therein. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the
effectiveness of the Companys internal control over
financial reporting as of April30, 2005, based on the
criteria established in Internal Control
Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated
July7, 2005 expressed an unqualified opinion on
managements assessment of the effectiveness of the
Companys internal control over financial reporting and an
unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Companys
internal control over financial reporting.   
/s/ DELOITTE
TOUCHE LLP
SanJose, California July7, 2005 57 Table of Contents NETWORK APPLIANCE, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS In thousands, except per share amounts   
April30   
2005
2004   
ASSETS   
Current Assets:
Cash and cash equivalents
$
193,542
$
92,328
Short-term investments
976,423
715,637
Accounts receivable, net of allowances of $5,445 in 2005 and
$5,071 in 2004
296,885
193,942
Inventories
38,983
34,109
Prepaid expenses and other
32,472
29,057
Deferred income taxes
37,584
24,163
Total current assets
1,575,889
1,089,236
Property and Equipment, net
418,749
370,717
Goodwill
291,816
291,816
Intangible Assets, net
21,448
31,718
Other Assets
64,745
93,779
$
2,372,647
$
1,877,266
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY   
Current Liabilities:
Accounts payable
$
83,572
$
52,719
Income taxes payable
20,823
16,033
Accrued compensation and related benefits
100,534
65,186
Other accrued liabilities
53,262
43,683
Deferred revenue
261,998
166,602
Total current liabilities
520,189
344,223
Long-Term Deferred Revenue
187,180
112,337
Long-Term Obligations
4,474
4,858
711,843
461,418
Commitments and Contingencies Note4
Stockholders Equity:
Preferred stock, $0001par value, 5,000shares
authorized; shares outstanding: none in 2005 and 2004
Common stock, $0001par value; 880,000shares
authorized:
shares issued: 381,509 in 2005 and 364,335 in 2004
381
364
Additional paid-in capital
1,347,352
1,138,158
Treasury stock 14,566shares in 2005, 6,853shares in
2004
329,075
136,172
Deferred stock compensation
15,782
23,348
Retained earnings
661,978
436,224
Accumulated other comprehensive income loss
4,050
622
Total stockholders equity
1,660,804
1,415,848
$
2,372,647
$
1,877,266
See notes to consolidated financial statements. 58 Table of Contents NETWORK APPLIANCE, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME In thousands, except per share amounts   
Years Ended April30   
2005
2004
2003   
Revenues
Product revenue
$
1,430,337
$
1,058,204
$
802,281
Service revenue
167,794
112,106
89,787
Total revenues
1,598,131
1,170,310
892,068
Cost of Revenues
Cost of product revenue
487,880
371,480
279,689
Cost of service revenue
135,203
94,309
65,953
Total cost of revenues
623,083
465,789
345,642
Gross margin
975,048
704,521
546,426
Operating Expenses:
Sales and marketing
466,032
349,490
304,236
Research and development
171,049
131,856
112,863
General and administrative
76,903
54,550
36,822
Acquired in-process research and development
4,940
Stock compensation1
8,148
3,895
3,642
Restructuring charges recoveries
271
1,327
1,257
Total operating expenses
721,861
546,058
458,820
Income from Operations
253,187
158,463
87,606
Other Income Expenses, net:
Interest income
24,249
13,704
12,215
Other expenses, net
1,249
2,460
1,381
Net gain loss on investments
41
747
1,229
Gain on sale of intangible asset
604
Total other income, net
23,041
11,991
10,209
Income Before Income Taxes
276,228
170,454
97,815
Provision for Income Taxes
50,474
18,367
21,343
Net Income
$
225,754
$
152,087
$
76,472
Net Income per Share:
Basic
$
063
$
044
$
023
Diluted
$
059
$
042
$
022
Shares Used in per Share Calculations:
Basic
361,009
346,965
337,647
Diluted
380,412
366,195
350,122
1 Stock compensation includes:
Sales and marketing
$
2,168
$
1,640
$
1,572
Research and
development
5,251
1,746
1,764
General and
administrative
729
509
306
$
8,148
$
3,895
$
3,642
See notes to consolidated financial statements. 59 Table of Contents NETWORK APPLIANCE, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOW In thousands   
Years Ended April30   
2005
2004
2003   
Cash Flows from Operating Activities:
Net income
$
225,754
$
152,087
$
76,472
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by
operating activities:
Depreciation
54,459
53,052
51,933
Acquired in-process research and development
4,940
Amortization of intangible assets
9,332
4,898
5,478
Amortization of patents
1,833
1,503
Stock compensation
8,148
3,895
3,642
Net gainloss on investments
70
941
1,229
Gain on sale of intangible assets
604
Loss on disposal of equipment
1,990
291
1,009
Allowance for doubtful accounts reduction
1,110
259
1,696
Deferred income taxes
6,321
21,446
18,292
Deferred rent
294
301
62
Changes in assets and liabilities:
Accounts receivable
103,352
40,078
2,702
Inventories
14,996
9,975
16,253
Prepaid expenses and other assets
2,336
10,571
1,785
Accounts payable
30,460
11,714
1,241
Income taxes payable
32,541
35,000
30,263
Accrued compensation and related benefits
33,828
22,722
1,035
Other accrued liabilities
7,369
1,608
1,112
Deferred revenue
169,433
104,271
67,137
Net cash provided by operating activities
462,118
313,012
192,381
Cash Flows from Investing Activities:
Purchases of investments
872,237
1,050,915
747,623
Redemptions of investments
605,426
859,259
547,626
Purchase of patents
895
9,015
Purchases of property and equipment
93,568
48,675
60,165
Purchases of equity securities
425
925
650
Proceeds from sales of investments
347
1,113
797
Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment
123
Payments for split-dollar insurance premiums
183
3,912
2,044
Reimbursements for split-dollar insurance premiums
10,227
Purchase of business, net of cash acquired
6,841
Net cash used in investing activities
351,308
259,788
262,059
Cash Flows from Financing Activities:
Proceeds from sale of common stock related to employee stock
transactions
181,922
81,548
29,248
Repurchases of common stock
192,903
136,172
Tax withholding payments reimbursed by restricted stock
1,122
Net cash provided by used in financing activities
12,103
54,624
29,248
Effect of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash and Cash
Equivalents
2,507
1,862
3,809
Net Increase Decrease in Cash and Cash Equivalents
101,214
462
36,621
Cash and Cash Equivalents:
Beginning of year
92,328
91,866
128,487
End of year
$
193,542
$
92,328
$
91,866
See notes to consolidated financial statements. 60 Table of Contents NETWORK APPLIANCE INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME LOSS In thousands   
Common Stock
Treasury Stock
Accumulated
Additional
Deferred
Other
Paid-In
Treasury
Stock
Retained
Comprehensive
Shares
Amount
Capital
Shares
Amount
Compensation
Earnings
Income Loss
Total   
Balances, April30, 2002
335,135
$
335
$
656,619
$
$
3,777
$
207,665
$
2,366
$
858,476
Components of comprehensive income:
Net income
76,472
76,472
Currency translation adjustment
964
964
Unrealized loss on derivatives
29
29
Unrealized gain on investments, net
1,335
1,335
Total comprehensive income
78,742
Issuance of common stock related to employee transactions
5,544
6
29,243
29,249
Issuance of milestone shares
921
921
Deferred stock compensation
1,171
1,171
Amortization of deferred stock compensation
1,973
1,973
Reversal of deferred stock compensation due to employee
terminations
1,612
1,612
Stock compensation expense nonemployee
748
748
Release of WebManage escrow shares
11
1,210
1,210
Income tax benefit from employee stock transactions
18,458
18,458
Balances, April30, 2003
340,668
$
341
$
704,338
$
$
1,363
$
284,137
$
96
$
987,357
Components of comprehensive income:
Net income
152,087
152,087
Currency translation adjustment
2,440
2,440
Unrealized gain on derivatives
341
341
Unrealized loss on investments, net
2,063
2,063
Total comprehensive income
152,805
Issuance of common stock related to employee transactions
11,170
11
81,537
81,548
Issuance of restricted stock
120
Issuance of common stock to acquire Spinnaker Networks,
Inc.
12,377
12
259,666
259,678
Repurchase of common stock
6,853
136,172
136,172
Deferred stock compensation
2,725
2,725
Assumption of options in connection with Spinnaker acquisition
43,094
25,892
17,202
Amortization of deferred stock compensation
3,397
3,397
Reversal of deferred stock compensation due to employee
terminations
3,235
3,235
Stock compensation expense nonemployee
498
498
Income tax benefit from employee stock transactions
49,535
49,535
61 Table of Contents NETWORK APPLIANCE INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
LOSSContinued In thousands   
Common Stock
Treasury Stock
Accumulated
Additional
Deferred
Other
Paid-In
Treasury
Stock
Retained
Comprehensive
Shares
Amount
Capital
Shares
Amount
Compensation
Earnings
Income Loss
Total   
Balances, April30, 2004
364,335
$
364
$
1,138,158
6,853
$
136,172
$
23,348
$
436,224
$
622
$
1,415,848
Components of comprehensive income:
Net income
225,754
225,754
Currency translation adjustment
81
81
Unrealized gain on derivatives
201
201
Unrealized loss on investments, net
4,552
4,552
Total comprehensive income
221,082
Issuance of common stock related to employee transactions
17,111
17
181,905
181,922
Issuance of restricted stock
10
Spinnaker restricted stock units exercises
98
Restricted stock withheld for taxes
37
1,122
1,122
Repurchase of common stock
7,713
192,903
192,903
Repurchase of Spinnaker restricted stock units
3
Repurchase of restricted stock
5
Deferred stock compensation
1,401
1,401
Amortization of deferred stock compensation
7,720
7,720
Reversal of deferred stock compensation due to employee
terminations
1,247
1,247
Stock compensation expense nonemployee
428
428
Income tax benefit from employee stock transactions
27,829
27,829
Balances, April30, 2005
381,509
$
381
$
1,347,352
14,566
$
329,075
$
15,782
$
661,978
$
4,050
$
1,660,804
See notes to consolidated financial statement 62 Table of Contents NETWORK APPLIANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Dollar and share amounts in thousands, except per-share
data   
1.
The Company Based in Sunnyvale, California, Network Appliance was
incorporated in California in April 1992 and reincorporated in
Delaware in November 2001. Network Appliance, Inc. is a leading
supplier of enterprise storage and data management software and
hardware products and services. Our solutions help global
enterprises meet major information technology challenges such as
managing storage growth, assuring secure and timely information
access, protecting data and controlling costs by providing
innovative solutions that simplify the complexity associated
with managing corporate data. Network Appliance solutions are
the data management and storage foundation for many of the
worlds leading corporations and government agencies.   
2.
Significant Accounting Policies Fiscal Year We operate on a 52-week or
53-week year ending on the last Friday in April. For
presentation purposes we have indicated in the accompanying
consolidated financial statements that our fiscal year end is
April30. Fiscal 2005 and 2003 were 52-week fiscal years.
Fiscal 2004 was 53-week fiscal year. Basis of Presentation The consolidated
financial statements include the Company and its wholly-owned
subsidiaries. Intercompany accounts and transactions are
eliminated in consolidation. Risk and Uncertainties There are no
concentrations of business transacted with a particular customer
nor concentrations of sales from a particular market or
geographic area that would severely impact our business in the
near term. However, we currently rely on a limited number of
suppliers for certain key components and several key contract
manufacturers to manufacture most of our products; any
disruption or termination of these arrangements could materially
adversely affect our operating results. Reclassifications Certain reclassifications
have been made to prior year balances in order to conform to the
current year presentation. Cash and Cash Equivalents We consider all
highly liquid debt investments with original maturities of three
months or less to be cash equivalents. Short-Term Investments Available-for-sale
investments with original maturities of greater than three
months are classified as short-term investments as these
investments generally consist of highly marketable securities
that are intended to be available to meet current cash
requirements. All of our investments are classified as
available-for-sale, are carried at fair market value, and
unrealized gains or losses are recorded, net of taxes in
accumulated other comprehensive income loss, which is a
separate component of stockholders equity. Any gains or
losses on sales of investments are computed based upon specific
identification. For all periods presented, realized gains and
losses on available-for-sale investments were not material.
Management determines the appropriate classification of debt and
equity securities at the time of purchase and reevaluates the
classification at each reporting date. Available-for-sale investments are reviewed for evidence of
reductions in market value that are other-than-temporary. We
monitor our investments for impairment on a quarterly basis and
determine whether a decline in fair value is
other-than-temporary by considering factors such as current
economic and market conditions, the credit rating of the
securitys issuer, the length of time an investments
fair value has been below our carrying value, and our ability
and intent to hold investments to maturity. If an
investments decline in fair value, caused by factors other
than changes in interest rates, is deemed to be
other-than-temporary, we would reduce its carrying value to its
estimated fair value, as determined based on quoted market
prices or liquidation values. Declines in value judged to be
other-than-temporary, if any, are recorded in operations as
incurred. Beginning in January 2005, our investment in auction rate
securities have been classified as short-term investments on the
Consolidated Balance Sheets rather than as cash equivalents see
Note3 Balance Sheet 63 Table of Contents NETWORK APPLIANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued Dollar and share amounts in thousands, except per-share
data Components. Reclassifications are reflected in our prior
years Consolidated Balance Sheets and Statements of Cash
Flows as appropriate. None of these reclassifications had an
impact on our Consolidated Statements of Income for any year
presented. Investments in Nonpublic Companies We have
certain investments in nonpublicly traded companies in which we
have less than 20% of the voting rights and in which we do not
exercise significant influence and accordingly, we account for
these investments under the cost method. As of April30,
2005 and 2004, $1,837 and $1,593 of these investments are
included in other long-term assets on the balance sheet and are
carried at cost. We perform periodic reviews of our investments
for impairment. Our investments in nonpublicly traded companies
are considered impaired when a review of the investees
operations and other indicators of impairment indicate that the
carrying value of the investment is not likely to be
recoverable. Such indicators include, but are not limited to,
limited capital resources, limited prospects of receiving
additional financing, and limited prospects for liquidity of the
related securities. Inventories Inventories are stated at the
lower of cost first-in, first-out basis or market. Cost
components include materials, labor, and manufacturing overhead
costs. We write down inventory and record purchase commitment
liabilities for excess and obsolete inventory equal to the
difference between the cost of inventory and the estimated fair
value based upon assumptions about future demand and market
conditions. Property and Equipment Property and equipment
are recorded at cost. Depreciation is computed using the
straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the
assets, which generally range from three to five years. The land
at the Sunnyvale headquarters site and Research Triangle Park
RTP, North Carolina are not depreciated but are reviewed for
impairment as discussed below. Leasehold improvements are
amortized over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the
assets or the remaining term of the lease. Building improvements
are amortized over the estimated lives of the assets, which
generally range from 10 to 40years. Construction in
progress will be amortized over the estimated useful lives of
the respective assets when they are ready for their intended use. We review the carrying values of long-lived assets whenever
events and circumstances indicate that the net book value of an
asset may not be recovered through expected future cash flows
from its use and eventual disposition. The amount of impairment
loss, if any, is measured as the difference between the net book
value and the estimated fair value of the asset. Goodwill and Purchased Intangible Assets
Goodwill and identifiable intangibles are accounted for in
accordance with SFASNo141 Business
Combinations and SFASNo142
Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets. We
recorded goodwill and identifiable intangibles related to the
acquisitions of Orca, WebManage and Spinnaker and evaluate these
items for impairment on an annual basis, or sooner if events or
changes in circumstances indicate that carrying values may not
be recoverable. If an evaluation is required, the estimated
future undiscounted cash flows associated with these assets
would be compared to their carrying amount to determine if a
write-down to fair market value or discounted cash flow value is
required. We performed an annual impairment test of goodwill on
February25, 2005, and February27, 2004,
respectively, and found no impairment. Purchased intangible assets include patents, trademarks,
tradenames, customer contracts/relationships and covenants not
to compete, which are carried at cost less accumulated
amortization. Amortization of purchased intangible assets is
computed using the straight-line method over estimated useful
lives of the assets, which generally range from 18months
to five years. See Note13 Goodwill and Purchased
Intangible Assets. 64 Table of Contents NETWORK APPLIANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued Dollar and share amounts in thousands, except per-share
data Revenue Recognition and Allowance We apply
the provisions of Statement of Position SOP
No97-2, Software Revenue Recognition, and
related interpretations to all revenue transactions. We
recognize revenue when   
Persuasive Evidence of an Arrangement Exists. It is our
customary practice to have a purchase order and/or contract
prior to recognizing revenue on an arrangement from our end
users, customers, value-added resellers, or distributors.     
Delivery has Occurred. Our product is physically
delivered to our customers, generally with standard transfer
terms such as FOB origin or EXWorks point of origin. We
typically do not allow for restocking rights with any of our
value-added resellers or distributors. Products shipped with
acceptance criteria or return rights are not recognized as
revenue until all criteria are achieved. If undelivered products
or services exist that are essential to the functionality of the
delivered product in an arrangement, delivery is not considered
to have occurred.     
The Fee is Fixed or Determinable. Arrangements with
payment terms extending beyond our standard terms and conditions
practices are not considered to be fixed or determinable.
Revenue from such arrangements is recognized as the fees become
due and payable. We typically do not allow for price-protection
rights with any of our value-added resellers or distributors.     
Collection is Probable. Probability of collection is
assessed on a customer-by-customer basis. Customers are
subjected to a credit review process that evaluates the
customers financial position and ultimately their ability
to pay. If it is determined from the outset of an arrangement
that collection is not probable based upon our review process,
revenue is recognized upon cash receipt. For arrangements with multiple elements, we allocate revenue to
each element using the residual method based on vendor specific
objective evidence of fair value of the undelivered items. We
defer the portion of the arrangement fee equal to the vendor
specific objective evidence of fair value of the undelivered
elements until they are delivered. Vendor specific objective
evidence of fair value is based on the price charged when the
element is sold separately. A typical arrangement includes product, software subscription,
and maintenance. Some arrangements include training and
consulting. Software subscriptions include unspecified product
upgrades and enhancements on a when-and-if-available basis, bug
fixes, and patch releases, and are included in product revenues.
Service maintenance includes contracts for technical support and
hardware maintenance. Revenue from software subscriptions and
service maintenance is recognized ratably over the contractual
term, generally one to three years. Revenue from training and
consulting is recognized as the services are performed. The following table presents the components of revenues, stated
as a percentage of total revenues   
Years Ended April30   
2005
2004
2003   
Revenues:
Products
789
%
807
%
815
Software subscriptions
106
%
97
%
84
Product revenue
895
%
904
%
899
Service revenue
105
%
96
%
101
Total revenues
1000
%
1000
%
1000
65 Table of Contents NETWORK APPLIANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued Dollar and share amounts in thousands, except per-share
data We record reductions to revenue for estimated sales returns at
the time of shipment. These estimates are based on historical
sales returns, changes in customer demand, and other factors. If
actual future returns and allowances differ from past
experience, additional allowances may be required. We also maintain a separate allowance for doubtful accounts for
estimated losses based on our assessment of the collectibility
of specific customer accounts and the aging of our accounts
receivable. We analyze accounts receivable and historical bad
debts, customer concentrations, customer solvency, current
economic and geographic trends, and changes in customer payment
terms and practices when evaluating the adequacy of the
allowance for doubtful accounts. If the financial condition of
our customers deteriorates, resulting in an impairment of their
ability to make payments, additional allowances may be required. Software Development Costs The costs for the
development of new software products and substantial
enhancements to existing software products are expensed as
incurred until technological feasibility has been established,
at which time any additional costs would be capitalized in
accordance with SFASNo86, Accounting for
the Costs of Software to Be Sold, Leased, or Otherwise
Marketed. Because we believe our current process for
developing software is essentially completed concurrently with
the establishment of technological feasibility, which occurs
upon the completion of a working model, no costs have been
capitalized for any of the periods presented. In accordance with
SOP No98-1, Accounting for the Costs of Computer
Software Developed or Obtained for Internal Use, the
cost of internally developed software is capitalized and
included in property and equipment at the point at which the
conceptual formulation, design, and testing of possible software
project alternatives have been completed and management
authorizes and commits to funding the project. Pilot projects
and projects where expected future economic benefits are less
than probable are not capitalized. Internally developed software
costs include the cost of software tools and licenses used in
the development of our systems, as well as consulting costs.
Completed projects are transferred to property and equipment at
cost and are amortized on a straight-line basis over their
estimated useful lives, generally threeyears. Income Taxes Deferred income tax assets and
liabilities are provided for temporary differences that will
result in future tax deductions or income in future periods, as
well as the future benefit of tax credit carryforwards. A
valuation allowance reduces tax assets to their estimated
realizable value. U.S.income taxes are not provided on
that portion of unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries
expected to be reinvested indefinitely. Foreign Currency Translation For subsidiaries
whose functional currency is the local currency, gains and
losses resulting from translation of these foreign currency
financial statements into U.S.dollars are recorded within
stockholders equity as part of accumulated other
comprehensive income loss. For subsidiaries where the
functional currency is the U.S.dollar, gains and losses
resulting from the process of remeasuring foreign currency
financial statements into U.S.dollars are included in
other income expenses, net. Derivative Instruments We follow
SFASNo133, Accounting for Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activities as amended by
SFASNo149, Amendment of
SFASNo133 on Derivative Instruments and Hedging
Activities. Derivatives that are not designated as
hedges are adjusted to fair value through earnings. If the
derivative is designated as a hedge, depending on the nature of
the exposure being hedged, changes in fair value will either be
offset against the change in fair value of the hedged asset or
liability through earnings, or recognized in other comprehensive
income until the hedged item is recognized in earnings. The
ineffective portion of the hedge is recognized in earnings
immediately. As a result of our significant international operations, we are
subject to risks associated with fluctuating exchange rates. We
use derivative financial instruments, principally currency
forward contracts and currency options, to attempt to minimize
the impact of exchange rate movements on our balance sheet and
operating 66 Table of Contents NETWORK APPLIANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued Dollar and share amounts in thousands, except per-share
data results. Factors that could have an impact on the effectiveness
of our hedging program include the accuracy of forecasts and the
volatility of foreign currency markets. These programs reduce,
but do not always entirely eliminate, the impact of currency
exchange movements. The maturities of these instruments are
generally less than one year. Currently, we do not enter into any foreign exchange forward
contracts to hedge exposures related to firm commitments or
equity investments. Our major foreign currency exchange
exposures and related hedging programs are described below   
Balance Sheet. We utilize foreign currency forward and
options contracts to hedge exchange rate fluctuations related to
certain foreign assets and liabilities. Gains and losses on
these derivatives offset gains and losses on the assets and
liabilities being hedged and the net amount is included in
earnings. In fiscal 2005, net gains generated by hedged assets
and liabilities totaled $4,312, which were offset by losses on
the related derivative instruments of $5,933. In fiscal 2004,
net gains generated by hedged assets and liabilities totaled
$7,265, which were offset by losses on the related derivative
instruments of $10,115. In fiscal 2003, net gains generated by
hedged assets and liabilities totaled $9,910, which were offset
by losses on the related derivative instruments of $10,932.     
The premiums paid on the foreign currency option contracts are
recognized as a reduction to other income when the contract is
entered into. Other than the risk associated with the financial
condition of the counterparties, our maximum exposure related to
foreign currency options is limited to the premiums paid.     
Forecasted Transactions. We use currency forward
contracts to hedge exposures related to forecasted sales and
operating expenses denominated in certain foreign currencies.
These contracts are designated as cash flow hedges and in
general closely match the underlying forecasted transactions in
duration. The contracts are carried on the balance sheet at fair
value and the effective portion of the contracts gains and
losses is recorded as other comprehensive income until the
forecasted transaction occurs.     
If the underlying forecasted transactions do not occur, or it
becomes probable that they will not occur, the gain or loss on
the related cash flow hedge is recognized immediately in
earnings. For fiscal years 2005, 2004 and 2003, we did not
record any gains or losses related to forecasted transactions
that did not occur or became improbable.     
We measure the effectiveness of hedges of forecasted
transactions on at least a quarterly basis by comparing the fair
values of the designated currency forward contracts with the
fair values of the forecasted transactions. No ineffectiveness
was recognized in earnings during fiscal 2005, 2004 and 2003. As
of April30, 2005 the notional fair values of foreign
exchange forward and foreign currency option contracts totaled
$211,064.     
We do not believe that these derivatives present significant
credit risks, because the counterparties to the derivatives
consist of major financial institutions, and we manage the
notional amount of contracts entered into with any one
counterparty. We do not enter into derivative financial
instruments for speculative or trading purposes. Use of Estimates The preparation of the
consolidated financial statements and related disclosures in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America requires management to establish
accounting policies which contain estimates and assumptions that
affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial
statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ
from those estimates. 67 Table of Contents NETWORK APPLIANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued Dollar and share amounts in thousands, except per-share
data Concentration of Credit Risk Financial
instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of
credit risk consist primarily of cash equivalents, short-term
investments, and accounts receivable. Cash, cash equivalents,
and short-term investments consist primarily of
U.S.government agencies, corporate bonds, auction-rate
securities and municipal bonds, cash accounts held at various
banks, and money market funds held at several financial
institutions. We sell our products primarily to large
organizations in different industries and geographies. Credit
risk is mitigated by our credit evaluation process and limited
payment terms. We do not require collateral or other security to
support accounts receivable. In addition, we maintain an
allowance for potential credit losses. In entering into forward
foreign exchange contracts, we have assumed the risk that might
arise from the possible inability of counterparties to meet the
terms of their contracts. The counterparties to these contracts
are major multinational commercial banks, and we do not expect
any losses as a result of counterparty defaults. Comprehensive Income Comprehensive income is
defined as the change in equity during a period from nonowner
sources. Comprehensive income for the years ending
April30, 2005, 2004, and 2003 has been disclosed within
the consolidated statement of stockholders equity and
comprehensive income loss. The components of accumulated other comprehensive income loss
net of related tax effects at April30, were as follows   
2005
2004
2003   
Accumulated translation adjustments
$
1,283
$
1,202
$
1,238
Accumulated unrealized gain loss on derivatives
111
312
29
Accumulated unrealized gain loss on available-for-sale
investments, net
5,444
892
1,171
Total accumulated other comprehensive income loss
$
4,050
$
622
$
96
Net Income per Share Basic net income per
share is computed by dividing income available to common
stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares
outstanding for that period. Diluted net income per share is
computed giving effect to all dilutive potential shares that
were outstanding during the period. Dilutive potential common
shares consist of incremental common shares subject to
repurchase, common shares issuable upon exercise of stock
options and restricted stock awards. The following is a reconciliation of the numerators and
denominators of the basic and diluted net income per share
computations for the periods presented   
Years Ended April30   
2005
2004
2003   
Net Income
$
225,754
$
152,087
$
76,472
Shares Denominator:
Weighted average common shares outstanding
361,514
347,134
337,709
Weighted average common shares outstanding subject to repurchase
505
169
62
Shares used in basic computation
361,009
346,965
337,647
Weighted average common shares outstanding subject to repurchase
505
169
62
Diluted effect of stock options
18,898
19,061
12,413
Shares used in diluted computation
380,412
366,195
350,122
Net Income per Share:
Basic
$
063
$
044
$
023
Diluted
$
059
$
042
$
022
68 Table of Contents NETWORK APPLIANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued Dollar and share amounts in thousands, except per-share
data At April30, 2005, 2004, and 2003, 15,994, 19,794, and
44,582shares of common stock options with a weighted
average exercise price of $5281, $4716, and $3098
respectively, were excluded from the diluted net income per
share computation, as their exercise prices were greater than
the average market price of the common shares for the periods
presented and would therefore be antidilutive. Stock-Based Compensation We account for
stock-based compensation in accordance with the provisions of
APB No25, Accounting for Stock Issued to
Employees, and comply with the disclosure provisions
of SFASNo123 as amended by SFASNo148,
Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation
Transition and Disclosures. Deferred compensation
recognized under APB No25 is amortized ratably to expense
over the vesting periods. We account for stock options issued to
nonemployees in accordance with the provisions of
SFASNo123 and EITF No96-18
Accounting for Equity Instruments That Are Issued to
Other Than Employees for Acquiring, or in Conjunction with
Selling, Goods or Services under the fair-value-based
method. We adopted the disclosure-only provisions of
SFASNo123, and accordingly, no expense has been
recognized for options granted to employees under the various
option plans described under Note6. We amortize deferred
stock-based compensation ratably over the vesting periods of the
applicable stock purchase rights, restricted stocks, and stock
options, generally four years. Deferred stock compensation under
APBNo25 and pro forma net income loss under the
provisions of SFASNo123 are adjusted to reflect
cancellations and forfeitures due to employee terminations as
they occur. Had compensation expense been determined based on the fair value
at the grant date for awards, consistent with the provisions of
SFASNo123, our pro forma net income loss and pro
forma net income loss per share would be as follows   
Years Ended April30   
2005
2004
2003   
Net income as reported
$
225,754
$
152,087
$
76,472
Add: stock based employee compensation expense included in
reported net income under APB No25, net of related tax
effects
4,607
2,038
1,184
Deduct: total stock based compensation determined under fair
value based method for all awards, net of related tax effects
81,745
94,152
173,734
Pro forma net income loss
$
148,616
$
59,973
$
96,078
Basic net income per share, as reported
$
063
$
044
$
023
Diluted net income per share, as reported
$
059
$
042
$
022
Basic net income loss per share, pro forma
$
041
$
017
$
028
Diluted net income loss per share, pro forma
$
039
$
016
$
028
69 Table of Contents NETWORK APPLIANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued Dollar and share amounts in thousands, except per-share
data The fair values of each option grant and shares purchased were
estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option
pricing model and were not remeasured as a result of subsequent
stock price fluctuations. The following assumptions were used   
Stock Option Plans
Employee Stock Purchase Plan   
Years Ended April30,
Years Ended April30   
2005
2004
2003
2005
2004
2003   
Expected Life in years
374
342
339
050
050
050
Risk-free interest rate
3% - 4%
2%
2% - 4%
1% - 3%
1%
1%
Volatility
70% - 73%
74% - 77%
76% - 79%
70% - 73%
74% - 77%
76% - 79%
Expected dividend
The Black-Scholes option pricing model was developed for use in
estimating the fair value of traded options that have no vesting
restrictions and are fully transferable. In addition, option
pricing models require the input of highly subjective
assumptions, including the expected stock price volatility. We
use projected volatility rates, which are based upon historical
volatility rates since our initial public offering trended into
future years. Statements of Cash Flows Supplemental cash
flow and noncash investing and financing activities are as
follows   
Years Ended April30   
2005
2004
2003   
Supplemental Cash Flow Information:
Income taxes paid
$
13,284
$
14,566
$
7,952
Income tax refund
12,399
13,812
89
Noncash Investing and Financing Activities:
Deferred stock compensation, net of reversals
154
25,382
441
Income tax benefit from employee stock transactions
27,829
49,535
18,458
Conversion of evaluation inventory to equipment
10,122
7,892
9,340
Common stock issued and options assumed for acquired business
302,612
Milestone shares issued
921
Release of escrow shares
1,210
Recently Issued Accounting Standards In
November 2004, the FASB issued SFASNo151
Inventory Costs SFASNo151.
This statement amends the guidance in Accounting Research
BulletinNo43, Chapter4, Inventory
Pricing, to clarify the accounting for abnormal
amounts of idle facility expense, freight, handling costs, and
wasted material spoilage. SFASNo151 requires that
those items be recognized as current-period charges. In
addition, this statement requires that allocation of fixed
production overheads to costs of conversion be based upon the
normal capacity of the production facilities. The provisions of
SFASNo151 are effective for inventory costs
incurred in fiscal years beginning after June15, 2005. As
such, we are required to adopt these provisions at the beginning
of fiscal 2007. We do not expect the adoption of
SFASNo151 to have a material impact on our
consolidated financial statements. In December 2004, the FASB issued SFASNo123
revised 2004, Share-Based Payment
FAS123R that addresses the accounting for
share-based payment transactions in which an enterprise receives
employee services in exchange for either equity instruments of
the enterprise or liabilities that are based on the fair value
of the enterprises equity instruments or that may be
settled by the issuance of such 70 Table of Contents NETWORK APPLIANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued Dollar and share amounts in thousands, except per-share
data equity instruments. The statement eliminates the ability to
account for share-based compensation transactions using the
intrinsic value method as prescribed by Accounting Principles
Board, or APB, Opinion No25, Accounting for Stock
Issued to Employees, and generally requires that such
transactions be accounted for using a fair-value-based method
and recognized as expenses in our consolidated statement of
income. The statement requires companies to assess the most
appropriate model to calculate the value of the options. We
currently use the Black-Scholes option pricing model to value
options and are currently assessing which model we may use in
the future under the statement and may deem an alternative model
to be the most appropriate. The use of a different model to
value options may result in a different fair value than the use
of the Black-Scholes option pricing model. In addition, there
are a number of other requirements under the new standard that
will result in differing accounting treatment than currently
required. These differences include, but are not limited to, the
accounting for the tax benefit on employee stock options and for
stock issued under our employee stock purchase plan. In addition
to the appropriate fair value model to be used for valuing
share-based payments, we will also be required to determine the
transition method to be used at date of adoption. The allowed
transition methods include prospective and retroactive adoption
methods. Under the retroactive methods, prior periods may be
restated either as of the beginning of the year of adoption or
for all periods presented. The prospective method requires that
compensation expense be recorded for all unvested stock options
and restricted stock at the beginning of the first quarter of
adoption of FAS123R, while the retroactive methods would
record compensation expense for all unvested stock options and
restricted stock beginning with the first period restated. The
effective date of the new standard for our consolidated
financial statements is the first quarter of fiscal 2007, which
begins on May1, 2006. Upon adoption, this statement will have a significant impact on
our consolidated financial statements because we will be
required to expense the fair value of our stock option grants
and stock purchases under our employee stock purchase plan
rather than disclose the impact on our consolidated net income
within our footnotes as is our current practice see Note2
of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained
herein. The amounts disclosed within our footnotes are not
necessarily indicative of the amounts that will be expensed upon
the adoption of FAS123R. Compensation expense calculated
under FAS123R may differ from amounts currently disclosed
within our footnotes based on changes in the fair value of our
common stock, changes in the number of options granted or the
terms of such options, the treatment of tax benefits and changes
in interest rates or other factors. In addition, upon adoption
of FAS123R we may choose to use a different valuation
model to value the compensation expense associated with employee
stock options. In March 2005, the SEC issued SAB107. SAB107
includes interpretive guidance for the initial implementation of
FAS123R. We will apply the principles of SAB107 in
conjunction with our adoption of FAS123R. In January 2005, the FASB issued FASB Staff Position
FSP No.FAS109-1, Application
of SFASNo109 to the Tax Deduction on Qualified
Production Activities Provided by the American Jobs Creation Act
of 2004. This FSP provides guidance for the accounting
of a deduction provided to U.S.manufacturing companies and
is effective immediately. We believe the adoption of this
position currently will not have a material effect on our
financial position or results of operations. However, there is
no assurance that there will not be a material impact in the
future. In December 2004, the FASB issued FASB Staff Position
FSP No109-2, Accounting and
Disclosure Guidance for the Foreign Earnings Repatriation
Provision within the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004.
The American Jobs Creation Act introduces a special one-time
dividends received deduction on the repatriation of certain
foreign earnings to U.S.companies, provided certain
criteria are met. FSP No109-2 provides accounting and
disclosure guidance on the impact of the repatriation provision
on a companys income tax expense and deferred tax
liability. We are currently studying the impact of the one-time
favorable foreign dividend provision and intend to complete the
analysis during the third quarter of fiscal 2006. 71 Table of Contents NETWORK APPLIANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued Dollar and share amounts in thousands, except per-share
data Accordingly, we have not adjusted our income tax expense or
deferred tax liability to reflect the tax impact of any
repatriation of non-U.S.earnings.   
3.
Balance Sheet Components   
Short-term investments The following is a summary of investments at April30, 2005   
Gross Unrealized
Amortized
Estimated   
Cost
Gains
Losses
Fair Value   
Auction rate securities
$
145,803
$
$
$
145,803
Municipal bonds
22,280
64
22,216
Corporate securities
29
21
50
Corporate bonds
441,484
25
4,119
437,390
U.S.government agencies
354,108
17
3,124
351,001
U.S.Treasuries
20,187
224
19,963
Money market funds
125,762
125,762
Total debt and equity securities
1,109,653
63
7,531
1,102,185
Less cash equivalents
125,762
125,762
Short-term investments
$
983,891
$
63
$
7,531
$
976,423
The following is a summary of investments at April30, 2004   
Gross Unrealized
Amortized
Estimated   
Cost
Gains
Losses
Fair Value   
Auction rate securities1
$
148,821
$
$
$
148,821
Municipal bonds
16,261
63
16,198
Corporate securities
12,897
12
12,885
Corporate bonds
276,390
235
780
275,845
U.S.government agencies
248,373
237
899
247,711
Certificate of deposit
2,036
3
2,039
U.S.Treasuries
12,174
36
12,138
Money market funds
39,984
39,984
Total debt and equity securities
756,936
475
1,790
755,621
Less cash equivalents
39,984
39,984
Short-term investments
$
716,952
$
475
$
1,790
$
715,637
1
Prior to fiscal 2005, we classified our investment in auction
rate securities as cash equivalents on the Consolidated Balance
Sheets. In fiscal 2005, we have classified all investments in
auction rate securities as short-term investments. To conform to
current year presentation, we have reclassified $148,821 of
auction rate securities from cash equivalents to short-term
investments for fiscal 2004. The impact on the Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows was a decrease in cash used for
investing activities of $43,473 for fiscal 2004 and an increase
in cash used for investing activities of $110,025 for fiscal
2003. The reclassification had no impact on the Consolidated
Statements of Income for any of the periods presented. 72 Table of Contents NETWORK APPLIANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued Dollar and share amounts in thousands, except per-share
data We record net unrealized gains or losses on available-for-sale
securities in stockholders equity. Realized gains or
losses are reflected in income which have not been material for
all years presented. In accordance with EITF03-1,
The Meaning of Other-Than-Temporary Impairment and Its
Application to Certain Investments, the following
table shows the gross unrealized losses and fair values of our
investments, aggregated by investment category and length of
time that individual securities have been in a continuous
unrealized loss position, at April30, 2005.   
Less than 12 Months
12 Months or Greater
Total   
Unrealized
Unrealized
Unrealized   
Fair Value
Loss
Fair Value
Loss
Fair Value
Loss   
Municipal bonds
$
13,013
$
44
$
9,203
$
20
$
22,216
$
64
Corporate bonds
267,546
2,242
169,844
1,877
437,390
4,119
U.S.government agencies
142,750
948
208,251
2,176
351,001
3,124
US Treasury
14,972
137
4,991
87
19,963
224
Total
$
438,281
$
3,371
$
392,289
$
4,160
$
830,570
$
7,531
The unrealized losses on these investments were primarily due to
interest rate fluctuations. We have the ability and intent to
hold these investments until recovery of their carrying values.
We also believe that we will be able to collect all principal
and interest amounts due to us at maturity given the high credit
quality of these investments. Accordingly, we do not consider
these investments to be other-than-temporarily impaired at
April30, 2005.   
Inventories   
April30   
2005
2004   
Purchased components
$
15,784
$
13,296
Work-in-process
686
624
Finished goods
22,513
20,189
$
38,983
$
34,109
Property and Equipment   
April30   
2005
2004   
Land
$
163,245
$
158,316
Buildings and building improvements
121,568
119,262
Leasehold improvements
22,086
16,788
Computers, related equipment and purchased software
243,482
211,956
Furniture
23,795
20,781
Construction-in-progress
51,840
16,750
626,016
543,853
Accumulated depreciation and amortization
207,267
173,136
$
418,749
$
370,717
73 Table of Contents NETWORK APPLIANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued Dollar and share amounts in thousands, except per-share
data During the first quarter of fiscal 2005, as part of our
expansion efforts, we purchased three buildings in RTP, North
Carolina, for $24,095 which are included in Land and
Construction-in-progress at April30, 2005.   
4.
Commitments and Contingencies The following summarizes our commitments and contingencies at
April30, 2005, and the effect such obligations may have on
our future periods   
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
Thereafter
Total   
Contractual Obligations:
Rent operating lease payments1
$
13,057
$
8,798
$
8,382
$
8,644
$
6,616
$
22,634
$
68,131
Equipment operating lease payments
3,766
2,835
1,362
241
1
8,205
Venture capital funding commitments2
548
548
536
523
511
534
3,200
Purchase commitments and other3
758
606
6
1,370
Capital expenditures4
19,564
19,564
Communications and maintenance5
4,608
910
347
67
5,932
Estimated contingent lease payments6
68
316
327
370
430
251
1,762
Total Contractual Cash Obligations
$
42,369
$
14,013
$
10,960
$
9,845
$
7,558
$
23,419
$
108,164
Other Commercial Commitments:
Letters of credit7
$
1,483
$
$
$
$
$
337
$
1,820
Restricted cash8
1,699
1,693
483
105
79
4,059
Total Commercial Commitments
$
3,182
$
1,693
$
483
$
105
$
$
416
$
5,879
1
We lease sales offices and research and development facilities
throughout the U.S. and internationally. These sales offices are
also leased under operating leases which expire through fiscal
2015. We are responsible for certain maintenance costs, taxes,
and insurance under these leases. Substantially all lease
agreements have fixed payment terms based on the passage of
time. Some lease agreements provide us with the option to renew
or terminate the lease. Our future operating lease obligations
would change if we were to exercise these options and if we were
to enter into additional operating lease agreements. Sublease
income of $158 has been included as a reduction of the payment
amounts shown in the table. Rent operating lease payments in the
table exclude lease payments which are accrued as part of our
2002 restructurings and include only rent lease commitments that
are over one year. Total rent expense for all facilities was
$18,595, $15,405, and $12,609 for the years ended April30,
2005, 2004, and 2003, respectively. Rent expense under certain
of our facility leases is recognized on a straight-line basis
over the term of the lease. The difference between the amounts
paid and the amounts expensed is classified as long-term
obligations in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.     2
Venture capital funding commitments includes a quarterly
committed management fee based on a percentage of our committed
funding to be payable through June 2011.     3
Purchase commitments and other represent agreements to purchase
component inventory from our suppliers and/or contract
manufacturers that are enforceable and legally binding against
us. Other examples include minimum cash commitment relating to
facilities and utilities. Purchase commitments and other
excludes apurchases of good and services we expect to
consume in the ordinary course of 74 Table of Contents NETWORK APPLIANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued Dollar and share amounts in thousands, except per-share
data   
business in the next 12months; bopen purchase
orders, which represent an authorization to purchase rather than
binding agreements; cagreements that are cancelable
without penalty and costs that are not reasonably estimable at
this time.     4
Capital expenditures include worldwide contractual commitments
to purchase equipment and to construct building and leasehold
improvements, which will be recorded as Property and Equipment.     5
Under certain communications contracts with major telephone
companies as well as maintenance contracts with multiple
vendors, we are required to pay based on a minimum volume. Such
obligations expire in January 2009.     6
As a result of headcount reductions and a restructuring in
fiscal 2002, we have exited office space under noncancellable
leases in one location. If we are unable to successfully
sublease our vacated and unoccupied office space under operating
leases, we would be obligated to pay $1,762 in excess of the
liability recorded in our restructuring reserves. See
Note12, Restructuring Charges.     7
The amounts outstanding under these letters of credit relate to
workers compensation, a customs guarantee, a corporate
credit card program, and a foreign lease.     8
Restricted cash arrangements relate to facility lease
requirements, service performance guarantees, customs and duties
guarantees, and VAT requirements, and are included under Prepaid
Expenses and Other and Other Assets on our Consolidated Balance
Sheets. Under the split dollar insurance arrangement with our CEO Daniel
J. Warmenhoven entered in May2000, we paid a total premium
on several insurance policies over five years, which totaled
$10,227 on the life of the survivor of Mr.Warmenhoven and
his wife. Under the arrangement, we were reimbursed for all
premium payments made on those policies in April 2005. From time to time, we have committed to purchase various key
components used in the manufacture of our products. We establish
accruals for estimated losses on purchased components for which
we believe it is probable that they will not be utilized in
future operations. To the extent that such forecasts are not
achieved, our commitments and associated accruals may change. We are subject to various legal proceedings and claims which may
arise in the normal course of business. While the outcome of
these legal matters is currently not determinable, we do not
believe that any current litigation or claims will have a
material adverse effect on our business, cash flow, operating
results, or financial condition.   
5.
Line of Credit In July 1998, we negotiated a $5,000 unsecured revolving credit
facility with a domestic commercial bank. Under terms of the
credit facility, which expires in December 2005, we must
maintain various financial covenants. Any borrowings under this
agreement bear interest at either LIBOR plus 1% or at the
lenders prime lending rate, such rate
determined at our discretion. As of April30, 2005, the
amounts drawn under the various letters of credit amounted to
$1,483 relating primarily to workers compensation and a
foreign lease. We also have foreign exchange facilities used for hedging
arrangements with several banks that allow us to enter into
foreign exchange contracts of up to $185,000, of which $27,015
was available at April30, 2005.   
6.
Stockholders Equity Preferred Stock Our Board of Directors has
the authority to issue up to 5,000shares of preferred
stock and to determine the price, rights, preferences,
privileges, and restrictions, including voting rights, of those
shares without any further vote or action by the stockholders. 75 Table of Contents NETWORK APPLIANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued Dollar and share amounts in thousands, except per-share
data Stock Option Plans In September 1995, we
adopted the 1995 Stock Incentive Plan the 1995 Plan. All
outstanding options issued under a previous option plan were
incorporated into the 1995 Plan upon the effectiveness of our
initial public offering. Under the 1995 Plan, the Board of Directors may grant to
employees, directors, and consultants options to purchase shares
of our common stock. The 1995 Plan comprises three separate
equity incentive programs: ithe Discretionary Option
Program under which options may be granted to eligible
individuals at a fixed price per share; iithe Salary
Investment Option Grant Program under which the companys
officers and other highly compensated employees may elect to
have a portion of their base salary reduced in return for stock
options and iiithe Stock Issuance Program under which
eligible persons may be issued shares of Common Stock directly.
Options granted under the 1995 Plan generally vest at a rate of
25% on the first anniversary of the vesting commencement date
and then ratably over the following 36months. Options
expire as determined by the Board of Directors, but not more
than 10years after the date of grant. In April 1997, the Board of Directors adopted the Special
Nonofficer Stock Option Plan the Nonofficer Plan which
provides for the grant of options and the issuance of common
stock under terms substantially the same as those provided under
the 1995 Plan, except that the Nonofficer Plan allows only for
the issuance of nonqualified options to nonofficer employees. In August 1999, the Board of Directors adopted the 1999 Stock
Option Plan the 1999 Plan, which comprises five separate
equity incentive programs: ithe Discretionary Option
Grant Program under which options may be granted to eligible
individuals during the service period at a fixed price per
share, iithe Stock Appreciation Rights Program under
which eligible persons may be granted stock appreciation rights
that allow individuals to receive the appreciation in Fair
Market Value of the shares, iiithe Stock Issuance
Program under which eligible individuals may be issued shares of
Common Stock directly; ivthe Performance Share and
Performance Unit Program under which eligible persons may be
granted performance shares and performance units which result in
payment to the participant only if performance goals or other
vesting criteria are achieved; and vthe Automatic Option
Grant Program under which nonemployee board members
automatically receive option grants at designated intervals over
their period of board service. The 1999 Plan supplements the existing 1995 Plan and Nonofficer
Plan, and those plans will continue to remain in full force and
effect until all available shares have been issued under each
such plan. However, an Automatic Option Grant Program previously
in effect under the 1995 Plan terminated as of October26,
1999, and all automatic option grants made to nonemployee board
members on or after that date will be made under the 1999 Plan. Under the 1999 Plan, the Board of Directors may grant to
employees, directors, and consultants and other independent
advisors options to purchase shares of our common stock during
their period of service with us. The exercise price for an
incentive stock option and a nonstatutory option cannot be less
than 100% of the fair market value of the common stock on the
grant date. Options granted under the 1999 Plan generally vest
over a four-year period. Options will have a term of
10years after the date of grant, subject to earlier
termination upon the occurrence of certain events. In fiscal
2003, the 1999 Plan was amended to increase the share reserve by
an additional 14,000shares of common stock and effect
certain changes to the Automatic Option Grant Program in effect
for the nonemployee members of the Board of Directors. In fiscal
2004, the 1999 Plan was amended to create the Stock Issuance
Program, whereby eligible individuals may be issued shares of
common stock directly, either through the issuance or immediate
purchase of these shares or as a bonus for services rendered. In
fiscal 2005, the 1999 Plan was amended to increase the share
reserve by an additional 10,200shares of common stock; to
create the Stock Appreciation Right Program under which eligible
persons may be granted stock appreciation rights that allow
individuals to receive the appreciation in Fair Market Value of
the shares; to create the Performance Share and Performance Unit
Program under which eligible persons may be granted performance
shares and performance units that result in payment to the
participant 76 Table of Contents NETWORK APPLIANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued Dollar and share amounts in thousands, except per-share
data only if performance goals or other vesting criteria are
achieved; and to prohibit the repricing of any outstanding stock
option or stock appreciation right after it has been granted or
to cancel any outstanding stock option or stock appreciation
right and immediately replace it with a new stock option or
stock appreciation right with a lower exercise price unless
approved by stockholders. There have been no repricings to date under any of the plans. In fiscal 2001, we assumed various stock option plans in
connection with our Orca and WebManage acquisitions. Pursuant to
the provisions of the merger agreements, outstanding shares were
exchanged under certain exchange ratios in effect at the time of
each merger. Options granted under these plans generally vest at
a rate of 25% on the first anniversary of the vesting
commencement date and then ratably over the following
36months. Options expire as determined by the Board of
Directors, but not more than 10years after the date of
grant. In fiscal 2003, we reached a final settlement of the escrow fund
arrangement under the WebManage acquisition agreement. We have
determined the total amount of our losses under the settlement
arrangement and 11 restricted shares were released from the
escrow and delivered to Network Appliance, valued in the
aggregate at $1,210 based on the fair market value of our common
stock as of the date of the acquisition. Accordingly, an
adjustment was made to the cost of the WebManage acquisition.
The balance of the escrow shares has been distributed to former
shareholders of WebManage in proportion to their share ownership
in WebManage, as provided in the original merger agreement. In fiscal 2004, under terms of the Spinnaker merger agreement we
acquired Spinnaker and assumed options and restricted stock
units to purchase1,721shares of common stock in
connection with the Spinnaker 2000 Stock Plan. The Spinnaker
2000 Stock Plan has a total of 2,942 authorized shares.
Outstanding options and restricted stock units were exchanged
pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement. The options and
restricted stock units granted under this plan generally vest at
a rate of 25% on the first anniversary of the vesting
commencement date and then ratably over the following
36months. The options expire not more than 10years
from the date of grant. 77 Table of Contents NETWORK APPLIANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued Dollar and share amounts in thousands, except per-share
data A summary of the combined activity under our stock option plans
and agreements is as follows   
Outstanding Options   
Weighted   
Shares
Average   
Available
Number
Exercise   
for Grant
of Shares
Price   
Balances, April30, 2002 42,664 options exercisable at a
weighted average exercise price of $1606
15,236
79,519
$
2074
Shares reserved for plan
14,000
Options expired
215
Options granted weighted average fair value of $565
10,616
10,616
1025
Options exercised
4,130
340
Options canceled
5,341
5,341
2766
Balances, April30, 2003 52,744 options exercisable at a
weighted average exercise price of $1897
23,746
80,664
1979
Assumed Spinnaker options registered
2,942
Options expired
33
Options granted weighted average fair value of $854
7,884
7,884
1898
Assumed Spinnaker options issued weighted average fair value of
$1808
1,376
1,376
2178
Assumed Spinnaker Restricted Stock Units issued weighted
average fair value of $2363
345
345
Options exercised
9,684
679
Options canceled
3,734
3,734
3052
Balances, April30, 2004 54,923 options exercisable at a
weighted average exercise price of $2198
20,784
76,851
2078
Shares reserved for plan
10,200
Options expired
5
Options granted weighted average fair value of $1328
12,012
12,012
2496
Restricted stock units granted weighted average fair value of
$2100
57
57
Options exercised
15,513
1036
Spinnaker Restricted Stock units exercised
98
Options canceled
2,986
2,986
3179
Spinnaker Restricted Stock units canceled
18
18
Balances, April30, 2005
21,914
70,305
$
2324
78 Table of Contents NETWORK APPLIANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued Dollar and share amounts in thousands, except per-share
data Additional information regarding options outstanding as of
April30, 2005 is as follows   
Options Outstanding
Options Exercisable   
Weighted
Average
Weighted
Weighted   
Number
Remaining
Average
Average   
Outstanding at
Contractual Life
Exercise
Number
Exercise   Range of Exercise Prices
April30, 2005
In Years
Price
Exercisable
Price   
$ - $
286
383
$
$
015 - 451
7,884
284
348
7,781
352
480 - 999
7,589
647
901
4,863
857
1024 - 1413
7,125
519
1155
6,357
1153
1417 - 1571
7,063
682
1532
4,732
1524
1572 - 1917
7,402
667
1827
4,748
1805
1922 - 2086
7,839
740
2031
4,581
2025
2101 - 2455
7,078
776
2252
3,624
2245
2469 - 3270
8,065
836
3024
2,422
3029
3286 - 6969
7,285
505
5353
7,222
5369
7005 - 12219
2,689
518
9659
2,689
9659
$ - $12219
70,305
623
$
2324
49,019
$
2438
Employee Stock Purchase Plan Under the
Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP, employees are entitled to
purchase shares of our common stock at 85% of the fair market
value at certain specified dates over a two-year period. In
fiscal 2005 and 2004, the plan was amended to increase the share
reserve by an additional 1,300 and 1,000shares of common
stock, respectively. Of the 15,900shares authorized to be
issued under this plan, 4,373shares were available for
issuance at April30, 2005; 1,598, 1,486, and
1,414shares were issued in fiscal 2005, 2004, and 2003,
respectively, at a weighted average price of $1330, $1062, and
$1074 respectively. Stock Repurchase Program Through
April30, 2005, the Board of Directors had authorized the
repurchase of up to $350,000 in shares of our outstanding common
stock. At April30, 2005, $20,925 remained available for
future repurchases. On May24, 2005, our Board approved a
new, incremental stock repurchase program in which up to
$300,000 of additional shares of its outstanding common stock
may be purchased. The stock repurchase program may be suspended
or discontinued at any time. During fiscal 2004, we repurchased 6,853shares of our
common stock at an aggregate cost of $136,172. During fiscal
2005, we repurchased 7,713shares of our common stock at an
aggregate cost of $192,903. The repurchases were recorded as
treasury stock and resulted in a reduction of stockholders
equity. Deferred Stock Compensation Deferred stock
compensation is recorded for the grant of stock awards or shares
of restricted stock to employees at exercise prices deemed to be
less than the fair value of our common stock on the grant date.
Deferred stock compensation is also recorded for retention
escrow shares withheld in accordance with the merger agreement;
see Note11. Deferred stock compensation is adjusted to
reflect cancellations and forfeitures due to employee
terminations as they occur. We recorded $1,401, $28,617, and
$1,171 of deferred stock compensation in fiscal 2005, 2004 and
2003, respectively, primarily related to unvested options
assumed and retention escrow shares withheld in the Spinnaker
acquisition, restricted stock awards to certain employees, and
the grant of stock options below fair value to certain highly
compensated employees. The fiscal 2004 deferred stock
compensation was higher due to unvested options assumed and
retention escrow shares withheld in the Spinnaker acquisition
totaling $25,892. We reversed $1,247, $3,235 79 Table of Contents NETWORK APPLIANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued Dollar and share amounts in thousands, except per-share
data and $1,612 of deferred compensation in fiscal 2005, 2004, and
2003, respectively, due to employee terminations. The reversals
were primarily related to the forfeiture of unvested options
assumed in the WebManage and Spinnaker acquisitions as a result
of employee terminations. Under terms of the 1995 Plan, highly compensated employees as
defined by our management are eligible to contribute between $15
and $75 in annual salary for the rights to be granted
nonqualified stock options. The exercise price discount from
fair market value, which is equal to the amount of salary
contributed, has been recorded as deferred stock compensation
expense. The deferred stock compensation expense is amortized
ratably over a one-year period. Additionally, under the 1995
Stock Issuance Program, certain eligible persons may be issued
shares of common stock directly. During fiscal 2005 and 2004, 10
and 120shares, respectively, of restricted stock awards
were issued to certain employees. The exercise price discount
from fair market value of these shares has been recorded as
deferred stock compensation expense, which was being amortized
ratably over its respective vesting periods, between three to
four years. During fiscal 2005, 5shares of restricted
stock and 3shares of Spinnaker restricted stock units were
repurchased and canceled pursuant to employee terminations Under terms of the acquisition agreement with Orca, we released
shares of common stock to former Orca shareholders upon
Orcas meeting certain performance criteria. The fair
market values of these shares were measured on the date the
performance criteria were met and were recognized as stock
compensation. During fiscal 2003, we released an additional
99shares of common stock, valued in the aggregate at $921.
There are no additional performance milestones remaining. We recorded $428, $498, and $748 in compensation expense in
fiscal 2005, 2004, and 2003, respectively, for the fair value of
options granted to a member of the Board of Directors in
recognition for services performed outside of the normal
capacity of a board member. During fiscal 2002, 100 common
shares under the 1995 Plan were granted at an exercise price of
$1532per share, the fair market value per share on the
grant date. The option has a term of 10years measured from
the grant date, subject to earlier termination following his
cessation of board service, and will vest in a series of 48
successive equal monthly installments upon his completion of
each month of board service over the 48-month period measured
from the grant date. We recorded $7,720, $3,397 and $1,973 in compensation expense
for fiscal 2005, 2004, and 2003, respectively, primarily related
to the amortization of deferred stock compensation from unvested
options assumed in the WebManage and Spinnaker acquisitions, the
retention escrow shares relative to Spinnaker, the grant of
stock options to certain highly compensated employees below fair
value at the date of grant and the award of restricted stock to
certain employees. Based on deferred stock compensation recorded
at April30, 2005, estimated future deferred stock
compensation amortization for fiscal 2006, 2007, and 2008 are
expected to be $6,765, $5,292, and $3,727 respectively, and none
thereafter.   
7.
Income Taxes Income before income taxes is as follows   
Years Ended April30   
2005
2004
2003   
Domestic
$
90,469
$
73,991
$
43,793
Foreign
185,759
96,463
54,022
Total
$
276,228
$
170,454
$
97,815
80 Table of Contents NETWORK APPLIANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued Dollar and share amounts in thousands, except per-share
data The provision for income taxes consists of the following   
Years Ended April30   
2005
2004
2003   
Current:
Federal
$
30,367
$
51,687
$
23,121
State
8,657
536
4,406
Foreign
10,504
8,881
12,863
Total current
49,528
43,342
40,390
Deferred:
Federal
2,568
24,817
18,528
State
1,622
158
519
Total deferred
946
24,975
19,047
Provision benefit for income taxes
$
50,474
$
18,367
$
21,343
The provision for income taxes differs from the amount computed
by applying the statutory federal income tax rate as follows   
Years Ended April30   
2005
2004
2003   
Tax computed at federal statutory rate
$
96,680
$
59,659
$
34,236
State income taxes, net of federal benefit
4,572
245
727
Federal credits
2,091
946
3,858
In process research and development
1,729
Foreign earnings in lower tax jurisdiction
47,766
27,352
7,978
Dutch ruling benefit
16,831
Other
921
29
330
Provision for income taxes
$
50,474
$
18,367
$
21,343
The income tax benefit associated with dispositions from
employee stock transactions of $27,829, $49,535 and $18,458,
respectively, for fiscal 2005, 2004, and 2003, were recognized
as additional paid-in capital. 81 Table of Contents NETWORK APPLIANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued Dollar and share amounts in thousands, except per-share
data The components of our deferred tax assets and liabilities are as
follows   
Years Ended April30   
2005
2004   
Deferred Tax Assets:
Inventory reserves and capitalization
$
15,572
$
12,597
Reserves and accruals not currently deductible
14,407
13,929
Net operating loss and credit carryforwards
379,866
328,113
Deferred stock compensation
5,567
2,233
Deferred revenue
47,261
59,846
Capitalized research and development expenditures
6,326
11,043
Investment losses
3,468
3,468
Other
1,837
423
Gross deferred tax assets
474,304
431,652
Valuation allowance
363,369
307,368
Total deferred tax assets
110,935
124,284
Deferred Tax Liabilities:
Depreciation
11,051
3,516
State deferred taxes
8,359
Acquisition intangibles
5,396
9,682
Other
2,652
4,933
Total deferred tax liabilities
19,099
26,490
Net deferred tax assets
$
91,836
$
97,794
Current net deferred tax assets are $37,584 and $24,163 as of
fiscal 2005 and 2004, respectively. Noncurrent net deferred tax
assets for fiscal 2005 and 2004 are $54,252 and $73,631,
respectively, and are included in other assets within the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Subsequent to our fiscal 2005year end, our Netherlands
subsidiary received a second favorable tax ruling from the Dutch
tax authorities effective April30, 2005. The primary
difference between this ruling and our first ruling is the
scheduled expiration date. This new ruling is scheduled to
expire on April30, 2010. During fiscal 2004, our
Netherlands subsidiary received its first favorable tax ruling
from the Dutch tax authorities. The original ruling was
retroactive to May1, 2000, and expired with the start of
the newly received ruling. During fiscal 2004, we recognized and
reported a substantial tax benefit of $16,831 that related to
the retroactive application of the original ruling. As of April30, 2005, the federal and state net operating
loss carryforwards for income tax purposes were approximately
$850,257 and $213,083, respectively. The federal net operating
loss carryforwards will begin to expire in fiscal 2011, and the
state net operating loss carryforwards will begin to expire in
fiscal 2006. As of April30, 2005, we had federal and state
credit carryforwards of approximately $43,295 and $39,023,
respectively, available to offset future taxable income. The
federal and state credit carryforwards will begin to expire in
fiscal 2008. During fiscal 2005, we established a valuation allowance against
certain capital loss carryforwards of approximately $3,468 based
upon our belief that we will not be able to utilize this
attribute before expiration starting in fiscal 2007. 82 Table of Contents NETWORK APPLIANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued Dollar and share amounts in thousands, except per-share
data During fiscal 2004, as part of our acquisition of Spinnaker, we
acquired approximately $52,000 and $12,000 of federal and state
net operating losses, respectively, and $2,700 of federal
credits that were realized as deferred tax assets upon
acquisition. We also established a valuation reserve of $2,400
against a portion of the state net operating loss carryforwards
of Spinnaker. If utilized, these attributes will be treated as a
reduction in acquired goodwill. We have provided a valuation allowance on certain of our
deferred tax assets related to net operating losses and credit
carryforwards attributable to the exercise of employee stock
options because of uncertainty regarding their realizability of
approximately $359,901 and $307,368 at the end of fiscal 2005
and 2004, respectively. If recognized, the tax benefit of these
credits and losses will be accounted for as a credit to
stockholders equity rather than as a reduction of the
income tax provision. During fiscal 2004, we utilized
approximately $31,069 of previously recorded valuation
allowances with a corresponding increase to stockholders
equity. U.S.income taxes are not provided on a cumulative total of
approximately $355,000 of undistributed earnings for
non-U.S.subsidiaries. We currently intend to reinvest
these earnings in operations outside the U.S.The American
Jobs Creation Act of 2004 the Jobs Act creates a temporary
incentive for U.S.corporations to repatriate accumulated
income earned abroad by providing an 85% dividend-received
deduction for certain dividends from certain
non-U.S.subsidiaries. The deduction is subject to a number
of limitations, and we are currently considering recently issued
Treasury and IRS guidance on the application of the deduction.
We are not yet in a position to decide whether, and to what
extent, foreign earnings that have not yet been remitted to the
U.S.might be repatriated. Based on the analysis to date,
however, it is reasonably possible that as much as $355,000
might be repatriated, with a respective tax liability of up to
$15,000. We expect to be in a position to finalize our analysis
during the third quarter of fiscal 2006.   
8.
Segment, Geographic, and Customer Information Under SFASNo131, Disclosures about
Segments of an Enterprise and Related Information, we
operate in one reportable industry segment: the design,
manufacturing, marketing, and technical support of
high-performance networked storage solutions. We market our
products in the United States and in foreign countries through
our sales personnel and our subsidiaries. The Chief Executive
Officer is our Chief Operating Decision Maker CODM, as defined
by SFASNo131. The CODM evaluates resource
allocation decisions and operational performance based upon
revenue by geographic regions. Under SFASNo131, we
have one reportable segment as all the geographic operating
segments identified can be aggregated into one reportable
segment. For the years ended April30, 2005, 2004, and
2003, we recorded revenue from customers throughout the U.S. and
Canada, Europe, Latin America, Australia, and Asia Pacific. 83 Table of Contents NETWORK APPLIANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued Dollar and share amounts in thousands, except per-share
data The following presents total revenues for the years ended
April30, 2005, 2004, and 2003 by geographic area and
long-lived assets as of April30, 2005, and 2004 by
geographic area.   
Years Ended April30   
2005
2004
2003   
Total Revenues:
United States
$
832,310
$
619,309
$
516,908
International
765,821
551,001
375,160
Total revenues
$
1,598,131
$
1,170,310
$
892,068
Long-lived Assets:
United States
$
769,509
$
772,958
International
27,249
15,072
Total Long-lived Assets
$
796,758
$
788,030
Total revenues above are attributed to regions based on
customers shipment locations. International sales include export sales primarily to the United
Kingdom, Germany, Japan, France, the Netherlands, Switzerland,
Canada, and Australia. No single foreign country accounted for
10% or more of total revenues in fiscal 2005, 2004, and 2003. No customer accounted for 10% or more of total revenues in
fiscal 2005, 2004, or 2003.   
9.
Fair Value of Financial Instruments The fair values of cash and cash equivalents, short-term
investments, and restricted cash reported in the consolidated
balance sheets approximate their carrying value. The fair value
of short-term investments and foreign exchange contracts are
carried at fair value is based on quoted market prices. Other
investments in equity securities are included in other assets at
April30, 2005, with total carrying value of $1,837 and
$1,593, which approximates their fair values. We do not use derivative financial instruments for speculative
or trading purposes. We enter into forward foreign exchange and
currency option contracts to hedge trade and intercompany
receivables and payables as well as future sales and operating
expenses against future movement in foreign exchange rates. Foreign currency forward contracts obligate us to buy or sell
foreign currencies at a specified future date. Option contracts
give us the right to buy or sell foreign currencies and are
exercised only when economically beneficial. As of
April30, 2005, we had $211,020 of outstanding foreign
exchange contracts including $11,877 of option contracts in
Australian Dollars, British Pounds, Canadian Dollars, Danish
Krone, European Currency Units, Israeli New Shekel, South
African Rand, Swedish Krona, and Swiss Francs, that all had
remaining maturities of five months or less. As of
April30, 2004, we had $160,875 of outstanding foreign
exchange contracts including $8,178 of option contracts in
Australian Dollars, British Pounds, Canadian Dollars, Danish
Krone, European Currency Units, South African Rand, and Swiss
Francs, that all had remaining maturities of four months or
less. For the balance sheet hedges, these contracts are adjusted
to fair value at the end of each month and are included in
earnings. The premiums paid on the foreign currency option
contracts are recognized as a reduction to other income when the
contract is entered into. For cash flow hedges, the related
gains or losses are included in other comprehensive income.
Gains and losses on these foreign exchange contracts are offset
by losses and gains on the underlying assets and liabilities. At
April30, 2005, and 2004, the estimated notional fair
values of forward foreign exchange contracts were $211,064 and 84 Table of Contents NETWORK APPLIANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued Dollar and share amounts in thousands, except per-share
data 160,976, respectively. The fair value of foreign exchange
contracts is based on prevailing financial market information.   
10.
Employee Benefit Plan We have established a 401k tax-deferred savings plan Savings
Plan. Employees meeting the eligibility requirements, as
defined, may contribute specified percentages of their salaries.
We contributed $1,701, $1,326, and $1,315 for fiscal 2005, 2004,
and 2003, respectively to the Savings Plan.   
11.
Business Combination On February18, 2004, we acquired Spinnaker for
approximately $305,523 including transaction costs of $2,985
in an all-stock transaction, through the merger of Nagano Sub,
Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Network Appliance, with and
into Spinnaker the Merger. Spinnaker provides scalable system architectures, distributed
file systems, next-generation clustering technologies, and
virtualization. The combination of NetApp unified storage and
data management solutions with advanced distributed storage
technologies acquired from Spinnaker will further our strategy
to deliver Storage Grid solutions as the foundation for data
infrastructures of the future. In the near term, the Spinnaker
acquisition will allow us to target markets with customers who
are already deploying such grid like architecture with
large-scale Linux farms for high performance computing
applications in industry markets such as Energy, Entertainment
and Federal Government. The acquisition was accounted for as a purchase transaction.
Under terms of the merger agreement, we acquired Spinnaker for
12,377shares of common stock and assumed options to
purchase2,942shares of common stock pursuant to the
Spinnaker 2000 Stock Plan. Of the 2,942 Spinnaker options
assumed, 1,721options were granted on the acquisition
date. We also advanced $5,000 as a bridge loan, incurred certain
transaction costs of $2,985 and assumed certain operating assets
and liabilities. There was no contingent consideration provision
under the terms of the Spinnaker merger agreement. In accordance with the merger agreement, 1,229 indemnity escrow
shares the number of merger shares multiplied by 10% were
withheld in escrow relative to the Spinnaker acquisition. The
indemnity escrow indemnifies any claims in connection with the
breach of any warranty, representation, covenant, or agreement
pursuant to the merger agreement. These shares held in escrow
pending resolution of representation and warranty provisions are
included in the purchase price consideration. Such
representation and warranty provisions lapse within
18months following the close date. In accordance with the merger agreement, 362 retention escrow
shares the number of shares issued to certain core employees
shares multiplied by 20% were withheld in escrow relative to
the Spinnaker acquisition. The 20% core employees retention
shares are subject to continued employment and restriction. We
accounted for the core employees escrow in accordance with EITF
No95-8 Accounting for Contingent Consideration
Paid to Shareholders of an Acquired Enterprise in a Purchase
Business Combination, and recorded the intrinsic value
of the retention escrow shares as deferred stock compensation.
Such deferred stock compensation of $8,550 is amortized over the
expected service period of three years. The purchase price of the transaction was allocated to the
acquired assets and liabilities based on their estimated fair
values as of the date of the acquisition, including identifiable
intangible assets, with the remaining amount being classified as
goodwill. Approximately $4,940 was allocated to acquired in-process
research and development IPRD and charged to operations
because the acquired technology had not reached technological
feasibility and had no alternative uses. The value was
determined by estimating the costs to develop the acquired
IPRD into 85 Table of Contents NETWORK APPLIANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued Dollar and share amounts in thousands, except per-share
data commercially viable products, estimating the resulting after-tax
net cash flows free cash flow from such projects, and
discounting the free cash flows back to their present value. The
discount rate included a factor that took into account the
uncertainty surrounding the successful development of the
acquired IPRD. These estimates are subject to change, given
the uncertainties of the development process, and no assurance
can be given that deviations from these estimates will not
occur. Following the acquisition, costs incurred prior to
establishment of technological feasibility are charged to
research and development expense. The total purchase price and allocation among the fair value of
tangible and intangible assets and liabilities acquired in the
Spinnaker transaction including purchased in-process
technology are summarized as follows in thousands   
Spinnaker   
Total Purchase Price:
Value of shares issued
259,518
Value of options assumed
43,094
Transaction costs
2,985
$
305,597
Amortization   
Period   
Years   
Purchase Price Allocation:
Fair value of tangible assets acquired
$
4,771
Intangible assets:
Existing Technology
17,160
5
Trademarks/ Tradenames
280
3
Customer Contracts/ Relationships
1,100
15
Covenants Not to Compete
7,610
15
Goodwill
243,604
In-process RD
4,940
Expensed
Fair value of liabilities assumed
7,032
Deferred stock compensation
25,892
Deferred income taxes
7,272
$
305,597
In accordance with FASB interpretation No44,
Accounting for Certain Transactions Involving Stock
Compensation, we recorded the intrinsic value,
measured as the difference between the grant price and fair
market value on the acquisition consummation date, of unvested
options, restricted stock, and core employees retention escrow
shares assumed in the Spinnaker acquisition as deferred stock
compensation. Such deferred stock compensation, which aggregated
to $25,892 is recorded in a separate component of
stockholders equity in the accompanying condensed
consolidated balance sheet and is being amortized over the
vesting term of the related options and restricted stock/shares. In November 2000, we completed the acquisition of WebManage, a
software developer of content management, distribution, and
analysis solutions based in Chelmsford, Massachusetts. WebManage
develops software that intelligently distributes content between
various points on the Internet and enables organizations to
plan, manage, and deliver Internet/intranet services. The
acquisition was accounted for as a purchase 86 Table of Contents NETWORK APPLIANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued Dollar and share amounts in thousands, except per-share
data transaction. Under terms of the agreement, we acquired WebManage
for $59,371 comprised of common stock, assumed options, and
cash. We also had an obligation to provide shares of common
stock to be valued at $3,000 if WebManage achieved certain
performance criteria. WebManage met these performance criteria
in March 2001 and as such, the contingent consideration was
recorded as stock compensation in the fourth quarter of 2001. We
also paid certain transaction costs and assumed certain
operating assets and liabilities. In fiscal 2003, we reached a
final settlement of the escrow arrangement under the WebManage
acquisition agreement. We have determined the total amount of
our losses under the settlement arrangement and
11restricted shares were released from the escrow and
delivered to Network Appliance, valued in the aggregate at
$1,210 based on the fair market value of our common stock as of
the date of the acquisition. Accordingly, an adjustment was made
to the cost of the WebManage acquisition. The balance of the
escrow shares has been distributed to former shareholders of
WebManage in proportion to their share ownership in WebManage,
as provided in the original merger agreement. In June 2000, we completed the acquisition of Orca, a Waltham,
Massachusetts-based developer of high performance Virtual
Interface VIArchitecture software for
enterprise-classUNIX and Windows systems. The acquisition
was accounted for as a purchase transaction. Under terms of the
agreement, we acquired Orca for $50,037 comprised of common
stock, assumed options and cash, with an obligation to provide
up to 264shares of common stock relative to milestones
achievement. Orca met certain performance criteria and as such,
we issued and recorded during fiscal 2003 and 2002 an additional
99 and 165shares of common stock. The fair market value of
such shares of $921 and $3,015, respectively, was measured on
the date Orca met the performance criteria and was recognized as
stock compensation in fiscal 2003 and 2002. There are no
additional performance milestones remaining. The operating results of Spinnaker have been included in the
condensed consolidated statements of income since its
acquisition date. The following unaudited pro forma consolidated
amounts give effect to this acquisition as if it had occurred on
May1, 2003, and May1, 2002, respectively, by
consolidating the results of operations of Spinnaker with our
results for the years ended April30, 2004, and 2003.   
Years Ended April30   
2004
2003   
Total Revenues
$
1,174,668
$
892,433
Net Income
$
136,012
$
56,414
Net Income per share:
Basic
$
038
$
016
Diluted
$
036
$
016
Shares used in per share calculation:
Basic
356,562
349,644
Diluted
376,061
362,701
The pro forma results of operations give effect to certain
adjustments, including amortization of purchased intangibles,
stock compensation, contingently issuable shares, common stock,
assumed options, and restricted stocks/shares in connection with
the acquisitions. In addition, a benefit for taxes was recorded
to reflect the impact of the pro forma adjustments and assumed
utilization of Spinnakers net operating losses by Network
Appliance using the federal and state tax rates. The $4,940
charge for purchased in-process research and development from
Spinnaker has been excluded from the pro forma results, as it is
a material nonrecurring charge. 87 Table of Contents NETWORK APPLIANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued Dollar and share amounts in thousands, except per-share
data The pro forma basic earnings per share is based on 1the
historical weighted average number of shares of Network
Appliance outstanding, plus 2approximately 12,377 new
Network Appliance shares issued to former stockholders of
Spinnaker upon the consummation of the transaction. The basic
calculation gives effect to shares issued as if the transaction
took place at the beginning of the periods presented. The pro forma diluted earnings per share was based on the pro
forma basic earnings calculations for each of Network Appliance
and Spinnaker, adjusted for the dilutive common stock
equivalents outstanding during the period using the treasury
stock method. The dilution for the options and restricted stock
assumed from Spinnaker was calculated using the treasury method
and was based on the number of stock options and the exercise
price assumed by Network Appliance and adjusted by the option
exchange ratio of 01471 for Spinnaker option and restricted
stock holders. In addition, the remaining unearned deferred
compensation recorded as a result of the Spinnaker acquisition
was considered as proceeds for the purposes of the treasury
stock method, which resulted in a lower number of dilutive share
equivalents. The pro forma basic and diluted earnings per share
are not indicative of future earnings per share results.   
12.
Restructuring Charges   
Fiscal 2002 Second Quarter Restructuring Plan In August 2001, we implemented a restructuring plan, which
included a reduction in workforce of approximately 200 employees
and a consolidation of facilities. The action was required to
properly align and manage the business commensurate with our
then current revenue levels. All functional areas of the Company
were affected by the reduction. We completed our actions during
the second quarter of fiscal 2002. As a result of this
restructuring, we incurred a charge of $7,980. The restructuring
charge included $4,796 of severance-related amounts, $2,656 of
committed excess facilities and facility closure expenses, and
$528 in fixed assets write-offs. During fiscal 2005, we paid $577 pursuant to final resolution of
certain severance-related restructuring accruals. As of
April30, 2005, we have no outstanding balance in our
restructuring liability for the second quarter fiscal 2002
restructuring. The following analysis sets forth the significant components of
the restructuring reserve at April30, 2005, 2004 and 2003   
Severance-
Fixed Assets
Related Amounts
Write-Off
Facility
Total   
Restructuring charge
$
4,796
$
528
$
2,656
$
7,980
Cash payments and others
4,508
803
5,311
Non-cash portion
528
37
565
Adjustments
95
1,509
1,604
Reserve balance at April30, 2002
193
307
500
Cash payments and others
64
82
18
Non-cash portion
9
9
Adjustments
410
76
334
Reserve balance at April30, 2003
667
140
807
Cash payments and others
50
9
41
Reserve balance at April30, 2004
717
131
848
Cash payments and others
531
46
577
Adjustments
186
85
271
Reserve balance at April30, 2005
$
$
$
$
88 Table of Contents NETWORK APPLIANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued Dollar and share amounts in thousands, except per-share
data   
Fiscal 2002 Fourth Quarter Restructuring Plan In April 2002, we announced and substantially completed a
restructuring related to the closure of an engineering facility
and consolidation of resources to the Sunnyvale headquarters,
which included a headcount reduction of 34 employees. As a
result of this restructuring, we incurred a charge of $5,850.
The restructuring charge included $813 of severance-related
amounts, $4,564 of committed excess facilities and facility
closure expenses, and $473 in fixed assets write-off. In fiscal 2003 and 2004, we updated our assumptions and
estimates based on certain triggering events, which resulted in
an additional net charge of $923 and $1,327, primarily relating
to sublease assumptions for our engineering facility. The
restructuring liability will be fully paid through November
2010. In the event that the engineering facility is not
subleased as anticipated, we will be obligated for additional
total lease payments of $1,762 as of April30, 2005 to be
payable through November 2010. The following analysis sets forth the significant components of
the restructuring reserve at April30, 2005, 2004 and 2003   
Severance-
Fixed Assets
Related Amounts
Write-Off
Facility
Total   
Restructuring charge
$
813
$
473
$
4,564
$
5,850
Cash payments and others
629
32
661
Non-cash portion
473
473
Adjustments
Reserve balance at April30, 2002
184
4,532
4,716
Cash payments and others
77
991
1,068
Non-cash portion
Adjustments
107
1,030
923
Reserve balance at April30, 2003
4,571
4,571
Cash payments and others
690
690
Adjustments
1,327
1,327
Reserve balance at April30, 2004
5,208
5,208
Cash payments and others
705
705
Reserve balance at April30, 2005
$
$
$
4,503
$
4,503
Of the reserve balances at April30, 2005 and 2004, $756
and $667, respectively, were included in other accrued
liabilities and the remaining $3,747 and $4,541, respectively,
were classified as long-term obligations.   
13.
Goodwill and Purchased Intangible Assets We adopted SFASNo142, Goodwill and Other
Intangible Assets effective May1, 2002. Upon
adoption of SFASNo142, we discontinued the
amortization of our recorded goodwill and assembled workforce of
$49,422 as of that date, identified our reporting units based on
our current segment reporting structure, and allocated all
recorded goodwill, as well as other assets and liabilities, to
the reporting units. We concluded that our reporting units are
the same as our operating segments. Under
SFASNo142, goodwill attributable to each of our
reporting units is required to be tested for impairment by
comparing the fair value of each reporting unit with its
carrying value. As of May1, 2002, this evaluation
indicated that the fair value for each of our reporting units
exceeded the reporting units carrying amount and no
impairment was recognized. On an ongoing basis, goodwill is
reviewed annually for impairment or more frequently if 89 Table of Contents NETWORK APPLIANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued Dollar and share amounts in thousands, except per-share
data indicators of impairment arise. As of April30, 2005, and
2004, respectively, there had been no impairment of goodwill and
intangible assets. In fiscal 2003, we reached a final settlement of the escrow
arrangement under the WebManage acquisition agreement. We have
determined the total amount of our losses under the settlement
arrangement and 11 restricted shares were released from the
escrow and delivered to Network Appliance, valued in the
aggregate at $1,210 based on the fair market value of our common
stock as of the date of the acquisition. Accordingly, an
adjustment was made to goodwill relating to the WebManage
acquisition. The balance of the escrow shares has been
distributed to former shareholders of WebManage in proportion to
their share ownership in WebManage, as provided in the original
merger agreement. During fiscal 2004, we acquired Spinnaker and recorded goodwill
of $243,604 resulting from the allocation of the purchase price.
See Note11, Business Combination. Intangible assets balances are summarized as follows   
April30, 2005
April30, 2004   
Amortization
Period
Gross
Accumulated
Net
Gross
Accumulated
Net   
Years
Assets
Amortization
Assets
Assets
Amortization
Assets   
In thousands   
Intangible Assets:
Patents
5
$
10,040
$
3,467
$
6,573
$
9,145
$
1,633
$
7,512
Existing technology
5
33,525
20,512
13,013
33,525
17,080
16,445
Trademarks/tradenames
3
280
111
169
280
19
261
Customer Contracts/relationships
15
1,100
885
215
1,100
153
947
Covenants Not to Compete
15
7,610
6,132
1,478
7,610
1,057
6,553
Total Intangible Assets, Net
$
52,555
$
31,107
$
21,448
$
51,660
$
19,942
$
31,718
Amortization expense for identified intangibles is summarized
below   
Fiscal 2005
Fiscal 2004
Fiscal 2003   
Patents
$
1,833
$
1,503
$
Existing technology
3,432
3,669
5,478
Other identified intangibles
5,900
1,229
$
11,165
$
6,401
$
5,478
During fiscal 2005 and 2004, we acquired additional patents of
$895 and $9,015, respectively, intended to enhance our
technology base to build next-generation network-attached
storage, storage area network, and fabric-attached storage
systems for the benefit of our enterprise customers. The costs
of such patents for use in research and development activities
that have alternative future uses have been capitalized and
amortized as intangible assets in accordance with APB Opinion
No17 Intangible Assets. Capitalized patents
are amortized over an estimated useful life of five years as
research and development expenses. During fiscal 2004, we acquired Spinnaker and recorded goodwill
and identifiable intangible assets resulting from the allocation
of the purchase price. Intangible assets include acquired
existing technology of $17,160, trademarks/tradenames of $280,
customer contracts/relationships of $1,110, and covenants not to
compete for $7,610. Existing technology is amortized as cost of product revenue.
Trademarks and tradenames are amortized over an estimated useful
life of three years in sales and marketing expenses. Customer
contracts and 90 Table of Contents NETWORK APPLIANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued Dollar and share amounts in thousands, except per-share
data relationships are amortized over an estimated useful life of
18months in sales and marketing expenses. Covenants not to
compete are amortized over an estimated useful life of
18months in general and administrative expenses. Based on the identified intangible assets including patents
recorded at April30, 2005, the future amortization expense
of identified intangibles for the next five fiscal years is as
follows   
Year Ending April,
Amount   
In thousands   
2006
$
7,201
2007
5,488
2008
5,414
2009
3,196
2010
149
Thereafter
Total
$
21,448
14.
Guarantees As of April30, 2005, our financial guarantees consisted of
standby letters of credit outstanding, bank guarantee, and
restricted cash, which were related to facility lease
requirements, service performance guarantees, customs and duties
guarantees, VAT requirements, and workers compensation
plans. The maximum amount of potential future payments under
these arrangements was $5,881 and $4,338 as of April30,
2005, and 2004, respectively. Of this maximum exposure, $4,061
and $2,736 of restricted cash was classified under Prepaid
Expense and Other Assets on our balance sheet at April30,
2005, and 2004, respectively. We have not recorded any liability
at April30, 2005, and 2004, respectively, related to these
guarantees. As of April30, 2005, our notional fair values of foreign
exchange forward and foreign currency option contracts totaled
$211,064. We do not believe that these derivatives present
significant credit risks, because the counterparties to the
derivatives consist of major financial institutions, and we
manage the notional amount of contracts entered into with any
one counterparty. We do not enter into derivative financial
instruments for speculative or trading purposes. Other than the
risk associated with the financial condition of the
counterparties, our maximum exposure related to foreign currency
forward and option contracts is limited to the premiums paid. We offer both recourse and nonrecourse lease financing
arrangements to our customers. Under the terms of recourse
leases, which are generally three years or less, we remain
liable for the aggregate unpaid remaining lease payments to the
third-party leasing company in the event that any customers
default. We defer 100% of the recourse lease obligation and
recognize revenue over the term of the lease as the lease
payments become due. As of April30, 2005, and 2004, the
maximum recourse exposure under such leases totaled
approximately $7,047 and $6,755, respectively. Under the terms
of the nonrecourse leases we do not have any continuing
obligations or liabilities. To date, we have not experienced
significant losses under this lease financing program. We do not maintain a general warranty reserve for estimated
costs of product warranties at the time revenue is recognized
due to our extensive product quality program and processes and
because our global customer service inventories utilized to
correct product failures are expensed when issued to field
support. 91 Table of Contents NETWORK APPLIANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued Dollar and share amounts in thousands, except per-share
data We enter into standard indemnification agreements in the
ordinary course of business. Pursuant to these agreements, we
agree to defend and indemnify the other party
primarily our customers or business partners or
subcontractors for damages and reasonable costs
incurred in any suit or claim brought against them alleging that
our products sold to them infringe any U.S.patent,
copyright, trade secret, or similar right. If a product becomes
the subject of an infringement claim, we may, at our option:
ireplace the product with another noninfringing product
that provides substantially similar performance;
iimodify the infringing product so that it no longer
infringes but remains functionally equivalent; iiiobtain
the right for the customer to continue using the product at our
expense and for the reseller to continue selling the product;
ivtake back the infringing product and refund to
customer the purchase price paid less depreciation amortized on
a straight line basis. We have not been required to make
material payments pursuant to these provisions historically. We
have not identified any losses that are probable under these
provisions and, accordingly, we have not recorded a liability
related to these indemnification provisions.   
15.
Subsequent Events On April7, 2005, Network Appliance entered into a
definitive agreement to acquire Alacritus, Inc., a privately
held company based in Pleasanton, California, that develops and
sells disk-based data protection software solutions, for
approximately $11,000 in an all-cash transaction. The
transaction closed on May2, 2005. The historical operating
impact of Alacritus is not significant. On June15, 2005, Network Appliance entered into a
definitive agreement to purchase Decru, Inc., a privately held
company based in Redwood City, California, that develops and
sells encryption software and appliances to secure network data
storage, for an aggregate of approximately $265,000 which
amount is subject to settlement at the effective time based on
certain expense and balance sheet items as set forth in
Decrus financial statements immediately prior to the
effective time, 80% of which will be paid in the form of our
common stock and 20% of which will be paid in the form of cash.
The number of common shares to be issued will be determined
using our average stock price based on a period immediately
preceding the close date, which is expected to be in October
2005 subject to various regulatory approvals. Subsequent to our fiscal 2005year end, our Netherlands
subsidiary received a second favorable tax ruling from the Dutch
tax authorities effective April30, 2005. This new ruling
is scheduled to expire on April30, 2010. During fiscal
2004, our Netherlands subsidiary received its first favorable
tax ruling from the Dutch tax authorities. The original ruling
was retroactive to May1, 2000, and expired with the start
of the newly received ruling.   
16.
Selected Quarterly Financial Data Unaudited   
Year Ended April30, 2005   
Q1
Q2
Q3
Q4   
Total revenues
$
358,421
$
375,176
$
412,706
$
451,829
Gross margin
214,958
231,161
252,134
276,796
Net income
46,862
55,329
60,127
63,436
Net income per share, basic
013
015
017
017
Net income per share, diluted
013
015
016
016
92 Table of Contents NETWORK APPLIANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued Dollar and share amounts in thousands, except per-share
data   
Year Ended April30, 2004   
Q1
Q2
Q3
Q4   
Total revenues
$
260,509
$
275,550
$
297,287
$
336,964
Gross margin
156,123
165,063
180,123
203,212
Net income
27,073
48,413
1
40,152
36,449
Net income per share, basic
008
014
1
012
010
Net income per share, diluted
008
013
1
011
010
1
Includes a benefit from a favorable Dutch tax ruling of $16,831
or $005per share, see Note7. 93 Table of Contents   
Item 1. Business
Item 2. Properties
Item 3. Legal Proceedings
Item 4. Submissions of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
PART II
Item 5.
Controls and Procedures   
a
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure Controls are procedures designed to ensure that
information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under
the Exchange Act, such as this Annual Report, is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the U.S.Securities and Exchange
Commissions rules and forms. Disclosure Controls are also
designed to ensure that such information is accumulated and
communicated to our management, including the CEO and CFO, as
appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. Under the supervision and with the participation of our
management, including our principal executive officer and
principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the
effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure
controls and procedures, as defined in Rules13a-15e and
15d-15e under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
as of the end of the period covered by this report the
Evaluation Date. Based on this evaluation, our
principal executive officer and principal financial officer
concluded as of the Evaluation Date that our disclosure controls
and procedures were effective such that the information relating
to Network Appliance, including our consolidated subsidiaries,
required to be disclosed in our Securities and Exchange
Commission SEC reports iis recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in SEC rules and forms, and iiis accumulated
and communicated to Network Appliances management,
including our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure.   
b
Managements Report on Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term
is defined in Exchange Act Rule13a-15f. Our internal
control over financial reporting is a process designed to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or
detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that
controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures
may deteriorate. Under the supervision and with the participation of our
management, including our principal executive officer and
principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
based on the criteria established in Internal
Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO.
Based on this assessment, our management concluded that, as of
April30, 2005, our internal control over financial
reporting was effective based on those criteria. Our managements assessment of the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting as of April30,
2005 has been audited by Deloitte Touche LLP, an
independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in
their report which is included herein.   
c
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting There were no changes in our internal control over financial
reporting as defined in Rule13a-15f under the Exchange
Act identified in connection with managements evaluation
during our last fiscal quarter that have materially effected, or
are reasonably likely to materially effect, our internal control
over financial reporting. 94 Table of Contents   
d
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Network Appliance, Inc. Sunnyvale, California We have audited managements assessment, included in the
accompanying Managements Report on Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting, that Network Appliance, Inc. and its
subsidiaries the Company maintained effective
internal control over financial reporting as of April30,
2005, based on the criteria established in Internal
Control Integrated Framework issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission. The Companys management is responsible for
maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting,
and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control
over financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on managements assessment, and an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Companys internal control over
financial reporting based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control
over financial reporting was maintained in all material
respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of
internal control over financial reporting, evaluating
managements assessment, testing and evaluating the design
and operating effectiveness of internal control, and performing
such other procedures as we considered necessary in the
circumstances. We believe that our audit provide a reasonable
basis for our opinions. A companys internal control over financial reporting is a
process designed by, or under the supervision of, the
companys principal executive and principal financial
officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected
by the companys board of directors, management, and other
personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. A companys
internal control over financial reporting includes those
policies and procedures that 1pertain to the maintenance
of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
company; 2provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles and that receipts and expenditures of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management
and directors of the company; and 3provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
companys assets that could have a material effect on the
financial statements. Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over
financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or
improper management override of controls, material misstatements
due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a
timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of the
effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting
to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may
become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the
degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate. In our opinion, managements assessment that the Company
maintained effective internal control over financial reporting
as of April30, 2005, is fairly stated, in all material
respects, based on the criteria established in Internal
Control Integrated Framework issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission. Also, in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all
material respects, effective internal control over financial
reporting as of April30, 2005, based on the criteria
established in Internal Control Integrated Framework
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the
consolidated financial statements and consolidated financial
statement schedule as of and for the year ended April30,
2005 of the Company and our report dated July7, 2005
expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements
and the financial statement schedule.   
/s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE
LLP
SanJose, California
July7, 2005
95 Table of Contents   
Item 1. Business
Item 2. Properties
Item 3. Legal Proceedings
Item 4. Submissions of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
PART II
Item 5.
Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant The information required by this Item with respect to the
Companys executive officers is incorporated herein by
reference from the information under Item1 of PartI
of this Annual Report on Form10-K under the section
entitled Executive Officers. The information
required by this Item with respect to the Companys
directors is incorporated herein by reference from the
information provided under the heading Election of
Directors in the Proxy Statement for the 2005 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders which will be filed with the Commission.
The information required by Item405 of RegulationS-K
is incorporated herein by reference from the information
provided under the heading Section16a Beneficial
Ownership Reporting Compliance in the Proxy Statement for
the 2005 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. We have adopted a written code of ethics that applies to our
Board of Directors and all of our employees, including our
principal executive officer, principal financial officer and
principal accounting officer. A copy of the code is available on
our website at http www.netapp.com.   
