Item8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data. The Auditors Report and our Consolidated
Financial Statements and Notes thereto appear in a separate
section of this report beginning on page F-1 following
PartIV. The index to our Consolidated Financial
Statements is included in . Item 9A. Controls and
Procedures. Evaluation of
Disclosure Controls and Procedures The term disclosure controls and
procedures is defined in Rules13a-15e and
15d-15e of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 the
Exchange Act. These rules refer to the controls and
other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that
information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports
that it files under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within required time periods. As of
March 31, 2004, the end of the period covered by this report,
the company had carried out an evaluation under the supervision
and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer of the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation, except as
described below, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer have concluded that such controls and procedures were
effective. The company reviews its disclosure controls and
procedures 46 Table of Contents on an ongoing basis and may from time to time
make changes aimed at enhancing their effectiveness and to
ensure that they evolve with the companys business. Our independent auditors have reported to our
Audit Committee certain matters involving internal controls that
our independent auditors considered to be reportable conditions
under standards established by the American Institute of
Certified Public Accountants. The reportable conditions
generally related to the March31, 2004 financial close
process, including financial statement account analysis. These
reportable conditions contributed to our filing this report
during the 15-day extension period provided by Rule12b-25 of the
Exchange Act. Management is actively working to assess and
correct the conditions reported by our auditors and we plan to
implement certain enhancements that we believe will address the
issues identified above. Change in
Internal Control over Financial Reporting We acquired Artisan on December15, 2003.
From the date of acquisition the company began the process of
integrating Artisan and converting our accounting system to that
of Artisans, both of which contributed to the reportable
conditions disclosed above. We continue to review and enhance
our internal control environment. PARTIII   
