ITEM8.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA The information required by this Item8 is contained in a
separate section of this Annual Report on Form10-K. See
Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Financial
Statement Schedule.   
Item1.
Business
1
Item2.
Properties
18
Item3.
Legal Proceedings
18
Item4.
Submission Of Matters To A Vote Of
Security-Holders
19
PARTII
19
Item5.
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Disclosure Controls and Procedures The Companys management, including its Chief Executive
Officer and its Chief Financial Officer, performed an evaluation
of the Companys disclosure controls and procedures, which
have been designed to permit the Company to effectively identify
and timely disclose important information. This evaluation
revealed that while the Companys disclosure controls and
procedures were appropriately designed to effectively identify
and timely disclose material information, the execution of its
disclosure controls and procedures surrounding the documentation
and selection of assumptions used in its estimate of the cost of
claims related to its workers compensation insurance
program were not completed effectively. The Companys
management, including its Chief Executive Officer and its Chief
Financial Officer, concluded that, because of the material
weakness in the Companys internal control over financial
reporting described below in this Item9A, the
Companys disclosure controls and procedures were not
effective as of December31, 2004 to ensure that material
information was accumulated and communicated to appropriate
members of the Companys management team to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   
a
Managements Report On Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting The management of the Company is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined
in Rule13a-15f or 15d-15f promulgated under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as a process designed by, or
under the supervision of, the Companys principal executive
and principal financial officers and effected by the
Companys board of directors, management and other
personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles and includes those
policies and procedures that   
Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions
of assets of the Company     
Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and
that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made
only in accordance with authorizations of management and
directors of the Company;and     
Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the
Companys assets that could have a material effect on the
financial statements. 47 Table of Contents Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over
financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods
are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. A material weakness is a significant deficiency as defined in
PCAOB Auditing Standard No2, or combination of
significant deficiencies, that results in there being more than
a remote likelihood that a material misstatement in financial
statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis
by employees in the normal course of their work. The Companys management assessed the effectiveness of the
Companys internal control over financial reporting as of
December31, 2004, which identified the following material
weakness in the Companys internal control over financial
reporting. In March 2005, as part of the post year-end audit process, a
material weakness was identified in that the Company failed to
provide adequate support and documentation for the assumptions
used in its estimate of the cost of claims related to its
workers compensation program. As a result, the recorded
cost of claims exceeded the amount allowable under generally
accepted accounting principles. After adjusting the assumptions
primarily related to the continued favorable maturation trends
experienced in the Companys workers compensation
insurance program, an adjustment of $54million was made
in the Companys consolidated financial statements. The
effect of this adjustment, net of taxes, was to increase net
income in the fourth quarter and year ended December31,
2004 by $36million. In making this assessment, the Companys management used
the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSOin Internal
Control-Integrated Framework. Because of the material weakness
described above, management believes that, as of
December31, 2004, the Companys internal control over
financial reporting was not effective based on those criteria. Managements assessment of the effectiveness of the
Companys internal control over financial reporting as of
December31, 2004 has been audited by Deloitte
Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm,
which also audited the Companys consolidated financial
statements. Deloitte Touche LLPs attestation
report on managements assessment of internal control over
financial reporting is set forth below.   
b
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Gevity HR, Inc. Bradenton, Florida We have audited managements assessment, included in the
accompanying Managements Report on Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting, that Gevity HR, Inc. and subsidiaries the
Company did not maintain effective internal control
over financial reporting as of December31, 2004, because
of the effect of the material weakness identified in
managements assessment based on criteria established in
Internal Control Integrated Framework issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission. The Companys management is responsible for
maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting
and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control
over financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on managements assessment and an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Companys internal control over
financial reporting based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board UnitedStates.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal
control over financial reporting was maintained in all material
respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of
internal control over financial reporting, evaluating
managements assessment, testing and evaluating the design
and operating effectiveness of internal control 48 Table of Contents and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary
in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a
reasonable basis for our opinions. A companys internal control over financial reporting is a
process designed by, or under the supervision of, the
companys principal executive and principal financial
officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected
by the companys board of directors, management, and other
personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. A companys
internal control over financial reporting includes those
policies and procedures that 1pertain to the maintenance
of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
company; 2provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of
management and directors of the company; and 3provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
companys assets that could have a material effect on the
financial statements. Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over
financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or
improper management override of controls, material misstatements
due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a
timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of the
effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting
to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may
become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the
degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate. A material weakness is a significant deficiency, or combination
of significant deficiencies, that results in more than a remote
likelihood that a material misstatement of the annual or interim
financial statements will not be prevented or detected. The
following material weakness has been identified and included in
managements assessment: The Companys controls over
the selection of assumptions used in estimating the liability
for workers compensation costs failed to operate
effectively. As a result, certain assumptions used were not
appropriate and resulted in an adjustment to the liability for
workers compensation costs as of December31, 2004
which was material to the consolidated financial statements when
taken as a whole. The deficiency was concluded to be a material
weakness due to 1the significance to the consolidated
financial statements of the adjustment identified, 2the
significance to the consolidated financial statements of the
process to estimate the liability for workers compensation
costs, and 3the absence of other mitigating controls to
prevent or detect the misstatement. This material weakness was
considered in determining the nature, timing, and extent of
audit tests applied in our audit of the consolidated financial
statements and financial statement schedule as of and for the
year ended December31, 2004, of the Company, and this
report does not affect our report on such consolidated financial
statements and financial statement schedule. In our opinion, managements assessment that the Company
did not maintain effective internal control over financial
reporting as of December31, 2004, is fairly stated, in all
material respects, based on the criteria established in
Internal Control Integrated Framework issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission. Also in our opinion, because of the effect of the
material weakness described above on the achievement of the
objectives of the control criteria, the Company has not
maintained effective internal control over financial reporting
as of December31, 2004, based on the criteria established
in Internal Control Integrated Framework
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board UnitedStates,
the consolidated financial statements and financial statement
schedule as of and for the year ended December31, 2004, of
the Company and our report dated March15, 2005 expressed
an unqualified opinion on those financial statements and
financial statement schedule and includes an explanatory
paragraph 49 Table of Contents relating to the Companys adoption of the provisions of
Emerging Issues Task Force Issue 03-6, Participating Securities
and the Two Class Method under FASB Statement of No128. Deloitte Touche LLP Tampa, Florida March15, 2005   
c
Additional Information Regarding Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting As stated above in managements report on internal control
over financial reporting, in March 2005, as part of the post
year-end audit process, a material weakness was identified in
that the Company failed to provide adequate support and
documentation for the assumptions used in its estimate of the
cost of claims related to its workers compensation
program. As a result, the recorded cost of claims exceeded the
amount allowable under generally accepted accounting principles.
After adjusting the assumptions primarily related to the
continued favorable maturation trends experienced in the
Companys workers compensation insurance program an
adjustment of $54million was made in the Companys
consolidated financial statements. The effect of this
adjustment, net of taxes, was to increase net income in the
fourth quarter and year ended December31, 2004 by
$36million. At least annually, the Company obtains an independent
actuarially-determined calculation of the estimated costs of
claims incurred based on the Companys current and
historical loss development trends, which is used in the
Companys development of overall loss estimates related to
each open policy year. The estimated costs of the claims
calculated may be revised each year by the Company and its
independent actuary based on developments relating to the actual
claims incurred and other factors deemed relevant by the Company
and its actuary, such as workers compensation
classification code distribution of the client employee base,
age of each policy year, incurred values of claims, number of
claims, timeliness of reporting claims, as well as significant
changes in size and composition in the worksite employee base
through acquisitions. A significant amount of judgment is used
in this estimation process by both the independent actuary and
the Company. The Company ultimately applies its business
judgment in estimating the cost of claims under generally
accepted accounting principles. The Companys consolidated financial statements reflect the
estimates made by the Company and its independent actuary as
well as other factors related to the Companys
workers compensation programs within the cost of services
on the Companys consolidated statements of operations and
within the workers compensation receivable, the accrued
insurance premiums, health and workers compensation
insurance reserves or the long-term accrued workers
compensation insurance reserves on the Companys
consolidated balance sheets. To the extent that the premium
payments to the carriers and the related accrued interest for
the first $10million per occurrence of claims less claim
payments made is greater than less than the present value of
the remaining claim liability estimate accrued to date, a
receivable liabilityis recorded. If the actual cost of
the claims incurred is higher than the estimates determined by
the Company and its independent actuary, then the accrual rate
used to determine workers compensation costs could
increase. If the actual cost of the claims incurred is lower
than the estimates determined by the Company and its independent
actuary, then the accrual rate used to determine workers
compensation costs could decrease. Such increase or decrease to the accrual rate is reflected in
the accounting period for which the change in the amount of
workers compensation claims is estimated. Due to the
considerable variability in the estimate of the amount of
workers compensation claims, adjustments to workers
compensation costs are sometimes significant. For example, a
1%change in overall claims loss estimate for claims under
the $10million deductible level with no other changes in
assumptions would have impacted the net present value of the
claims liability and workers compensation cost as of
December31, 2004 by approximately $33million. The Company determined that its recorded estimate of the cost of
claims did not appropriately reflect the favorable trends in the
maturation of claims, particularly in the earlier open program
years, and that to be in conformity with generally accepted
accounting principles, the recorded estimated amount should be
reduced. 50 Table of Contents   
d
Changes in Internal Controls Except as discussed above, during the three months ended
December31, 2004 there was no change in internal control
over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, the Companys
internal control over financial reporting. To remediate the material weakness described above and prevent a
recurrence in future periods, the Company intends to obtain the
independent actuarys report, as a preliminary report,
before the end of the fiscal year, perform a more detailed
analysis of the data relevant to the estimate of losses,
establish benchmarks for assessing the independent
actuarys final report when issued and take other steps so
that its estimate of claims losses will properly reflect
managements conclusions regarding the appropriate level of
loss estimates and the relevant data and comply with generally
accepted accounting principles. The Company will thoroughly
document its analysis and conclusions in order to have adequate
support for its determination.   
Item1.
Business
1
Item2.
Properties
18
Item3.
Legal Proceedings
18
Item4.
Submission Of Matters To A Vote Of
Security-Holders
19
PARTII
19
Item5.
DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY Information regarding the Companys executive officers is
included under Item1. Business Executive
Officers of the Registrant. Other information required by
this Item10 and information regarding the Committees of
the Board of Directors will be contained in the Companys
Proxy Statement, relating to the 2005 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders, expected to be held on May12, 2005 the
Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by
reference.   
