Item8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms
37
Consolidated Balance Sheets
40
Consolidated Statements of Operations
41
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity
42
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
43
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
44
ScheduleII Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
62
36 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Tollgrade Communications, Inc.
Cranberry Twp., PA We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Tollgrade Communications, Inc. and
subsidiaries the Company as of December31, 2010, and the related consolidated statements of
operations, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for the year then ended. Our audit
also included the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at . These financial
statements and financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Companys management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on the financial statements and financial statement
schedule based on our audit. The consolidated financial statements and financial statement
schedule of the Company for the years ended December31, 2009 and 2008 were audited by other
auditors whose report, dated March10, 2010, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial
statements. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An
audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of Tollgrade Communications, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December31, 2010,
and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our
opinion, such financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated
financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly, in all material respects, the information
set forth therein. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board United States, the Companys internal control over financial reporting as of December31,
2010, based on the criteria established in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated March10,
2011 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Companys internal control over financial reporting. s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
March10, 2011 37 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Tollgrade Communications, Inc.
Cranberry Twp., PA We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Tollgrade Communications, Inc. and
subsidiaries the Company as of December31, 2010, based on criteria established in Internal
Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission. The Companys management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over
financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting, included in the accompanying Managements Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting at 