Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data                                               Page
Report of Independent Public   22
Consolidated Balance   23
Consolidated Statements of   24
Consolidated Statements of Cash   25
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity and Comprehensive Income.  26
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   27                    21 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS To the Stockholders of Sunburst Hospitality Corporation      We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of
Sunburst Hospitality Corporation and subsidiaries the Company formerly Choice
Hotels International, Inc., see Basis of Presentation as of December 31, 1999
and 1998, the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders' equity
and comprehensive income and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 1999
and 1998, the seven months ended December 31, 1997 and the fiscal year ended May
31, 1997. These financial statements and the schedules referred to below are the
responsibility of the Company management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these financial statements and schedules based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards
generally accepted in the United States. Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Sunburst Hospitality
Corporation and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1999 and 1998, and the results
of their operations and their cash flows for the years ended December 31, 1999
and 1998, the seven months ended December 31, 1997 and the fiscal year ended May
31, 1997, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States.
Our audit was made for the purpose of forming an opinion on the basic
financial statements taken as a whole. The schedules listed in the index at 