Item8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data The financial statements and supplementary data required by this item are located beginning on page
56 and page 38 of this report, respectively. 46 Table of Contents Item1
Business
3
Item1A
Risk Factors
11
Item1B
Unresolved Staff Comments
19
Item2
Properties
20
Item3
Legal Proceedings
23
Item4
Reserved
23
PART II
Item5. Controls and Procedures Disclosure Controls and Procedures The Companys management, with the participation of the Companys Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Companys disclosure controls and
procedures, as defined in Rules13a-15e and 15d-15e of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
of December31, 2010. Based on that evaluation, the Companys Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer concluded that the Companys disclosure controls and procedures were effective as
of December31, 2010. Managements Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting as defined in Rule13a-15f under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or
detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject
to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the
degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. We assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December31,
2010. In making this assessment, we used the criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on
our assessment, management believes that, as of December31, 2010, our internal control over
financial reporting was effective. Attestation Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Our independent registered public accounting firm has issued an attestation report on our internal
control over financial reporting. This report appears on page 48. Changes to Internal Control Over Financial Reporting The Company acquired ICT on February2, 2010. The Company began to integrate ICT into its internal
control over financial reporting structure subsequent to the acquisition date. As such, there have
been changes during the year ended December31, 2010 associated with the establishment of internal
control over financial reporting with respect to ICT. ICT has been included in managements report
of internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2010. There were no other changes in the Companys internal control over financial reporting during the
quarter ended December31, 2010 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect, the Companys internal controls over financial reporting. 47 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of
Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated
Tampa, Florida We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated
and subsidiaries the Company as of December31, 2010, based on criteria established in Internal
Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission. The Companys management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control
over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over
financial reporting, included in the accompanying Managements Report on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Companys internal control
over financial reporting based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was
maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and
evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk,
and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe
that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. A companys internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the
supervision of, the companys principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons
performing similar functions, and effected by the companys board of directors, management, and
other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. A companys internal control over financial reporting includes
those policies and procedures that 1pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
company; 2provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles,
and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with
authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 3provide reasonable assurance
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
companys assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over financial reporting, including the
possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to
error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Also, projections of any
evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting to future periods
are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over
financial reporting as of December31, 2010, based on the criteria established in Internal Control
Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board United States, the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule as of
and for the year ended December31, 2010 of the Company and our report dated March8, 2011
expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements and financial statement schedule.   
/s/ Deloitte Touche LLP
Certified Public Accountants
Tampa, Florida
March8, 2011 48 Table of Contents 