ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA The Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and Consolidated Financial
Statements of Matrixx, including the Notes to those statements, are included in PartIV,  of
this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item1. Business
4
Item1A. Risk Factors
10
Item1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
15
Item2. Properties
15
Item3. Legal Proceedings
16
Item4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES a Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of
our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rules13a-15 and 15d-15 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on such evaluation,
such officers have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of March
31, 2008 in alerting them on a timely basis to material information relating to us including our
consolidated subsidiaries required to be included in our filings under the Exchange Act. b Managements Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Management of the Company, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
as defined by rules 13a-15f and 15d-15f under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The
Companys internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Companys
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that   
i
pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company   
ii
provide reasonable assurance that the transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in
accordance with the authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and   
iii
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use or disposition of the Companys assets that could have a material effect
of the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent
or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
subject to the risk that 40 Table of Contents controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of the
Companys internal control over financial reporting as of March31, 2008. In making this
assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
the Treadway Commission COSOin Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Managements assessment included an evaluation of the design of our internal control over
financial reporting and testing the operational effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting.Management reviewed the results of the assessment with the Audit Committee of
the Board of Directors.Based on such assessment, management determined that, at March31, 2008,
we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting. Mayer Hoffman McCann, P.C., the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the
consolidated financial statements of the Company included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, has
issued a report on managements assessment of the effectiveness of the Companys internal control
over financial reporting as of March31, 2008. The report is included below in this Item under the
heading Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm. 41 Table of Contents REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of
Matrixx Initiatives, Inc. We have audited managements assessment, included in the accompanying Managements Annual
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, that Matrixx Initiatives, Inc. and
subsidiaries the Company did maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of
March31, 2008, based on the criteria established in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The Companys management
is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its
assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Our responsibility is
to express an opinion on the effectiveness of the Companys internal control over financial
reporting based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was
maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing
and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal
control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also
included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We
believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. A companys internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. A companys internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and
procedures that 1pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately
and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 2provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and
directors of the company; and 3provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the companys assets that could have
a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent
or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control
over financial reporting as of March31, 2008, based on the criteria established in Internal
ControlIntegrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board United States, the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended
March31, 2008 of the Company and our report dated June11, 2008 expressed an unqualified opinion
on those consolidated financial statements. s/ Mayer Hoffman McCann, P.C. MAYER HOFFMAN MCCANN P.C. Phoenix, Arizona
June12, 2008 42 Table of Contents Item1. Business
4
Item1A. Risk Factors
10
Item1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
15
Item2. Properties
15
Item3. Legal Proceedings
16
Item4. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The information required by this Item for our executive officers is set forth in PartI of
this Form 10-K under the heading Executive Officers of Matrixx. Other information required by
this Item is set forth in our Proxy Statement relating to our 2008 annual meeting of stockholders
to be held on August26, 2008 the 2008 Proxy Statement, under the headings, Information
Concerning Directors, Section16a Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance, Additional
Information How do we submit shareholder proposals and director nominations for the next Annual
Meeting? and Information about our Board, Its Committees and our Corporate Governance What are
the responsibilities of the Audit Committee? and is incorporated herein by this reference as if
set forth in full. We have adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, our
principal financial officer and our controller, as well as to all of our other employees. A copy of
the Code of Ethics was attached as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period
ended December31, 2003 and is available on our website www.matrixxinc.com. We will make a copy
of the Code of Ethics available to any person without charge, upon request, by writing to Matrixx
Initiatives, Inc., 8515 E. Anderson Dr., Scottsdale, AZ 85255, Attn: Corporate Secretary. If we
make any substantive amendment to the Code of Ethics or grant any waiver, including any implicit
waiver, we will disclose the nature of such amendment or waiver in a Report on Form 8-K within four
business days after such amendment is made or such waiver is given. 