ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Our consolidated financial statements and supplementary data, together
with the report of KPMG LLP, independent auditors, are included in PartIV of
this Report on Form 10-K. Item 1. Business
Item 2. Properties
Item 3. Legal Proceedings
Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
PART II
Item 5. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management has evaluated, under the supervision and with the
participation of our President and Chief Executive Officer and Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that
evaluation, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
were effective to provide reasonable assurance that we record, process,
summarize and report the information we must disclose in reports that we file
or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, within the
time periods specified in the SECs rules and forms. The effectiveness of a system of disclosure controls and procedures is
subject to various inherent limitations, including cost limitations, judgments
used in decision making, assumptions about the likelihood of future events, the
soundness of internal controls, and the risk of fraud. Because of these
limitations, there can be no assurance that any system of disclosure controls
and procedures will be successful in preventing all errors or fraud or in
making all material information known in a timely manner to the appropriate
levels of management. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2003, there were no changes in our
internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 32 Table of Contents PART III We have omitted the information required in PartIII of this annual report
because we intend to include that information in our definitive proxy statement
for our 2004 annual meeting of stockholders, which we expect to file before 120
days after the end of fiscal 2003. We incorporate that information in this
annual report by reference to our 2004 proxy statement. 