Item 8 -- Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
INTENSE COMPETITION
The markets in which the Company sells its interactive communications solutions
are rapidly evolving, extremely competitive and subject to rapid technological
change. The Company expects competition to increase in the future from existing
competitors and from companies that may enter the Company existing or future
markets with similar or substitute solutions that may be less costly or provide
better performance or functionality than the Company products. To be
successful in the future, the Company must continue to respond promptly and
effectively to the challenges of changing customer requirements, technological
change and competitors' innovations. Increased competition may result in price
reductions, reduced gross margins and loss of market share, any of which could
materially adversely affect the Company business, financial condition, results
of operations and business prospects. Additionally, the Company may 
11 be required to reduce prices or increase spending in response to competition in
order to pursue new market opportunities or to invest in research and
development efforts, and, as a result, the Company operating results in the
future may be adversely affected. There can be no assurance that the Company
will be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors or
that competitive pressures faced by the Company will not materially adversely
affect the Company business, financial condition, results of operations and
business prospects.
The Company competes in its markets with CT system hardware suppliers and
systems integrators assembling systems from available components. Companies
offering competing CT systems include Computer Communications Specialists, Inc.,
Edify Corporation, InterVoice, Inc., Lucent Technologies, Inc. and Periphonics,
Inc. The Company interactive communications business is heavily dependent on
sales to the human resources departments of large organizations. In fiscal 1997,
sales to human resources departments represented approximately 45% of customer
premises systems revenues. In response to customers' desires to outsource
certain aspects of database access functionality, the Company provides
interactive communications services to organizations which choose not to
purchase customer premises systems. This outsourced services business competes
with employee benefit plan consulting firms and accounting firms, including
Hewitt Associates LLC, William M. Mercer Companies, Inc., Towers, Perrin,
Forster & Crosby, Inc. and Watson Wyatt & Company, which provide comprehensive
packages of plan design, administration and consulting services, including
automated access services.
Many of the Company current and potential competitors have greater name
recognition, larger installed customer bases and significantly greater
financial, technical, marketing and other resources than the Company. Any such
competitor could use its superior financial resources, market power, service or
technical resources and installed base of customers to compete effectively
against the Company. Such competition could materially adversely affect the
Company ability to sustain current pricing levels and could have a material
adverse effect on the Company business, financial condition, results of
operations and business prospects. Further, competition for the customers of the
database services businesses may increase as a result of the Company
determination to pursue the divestiture of such businesses. See Business Competition and Business -- Database and Document Services Businesses.
DEPENDENCE ON STRATEGIC MARKETING ALLIANCES
An integral part of the Company growth strategy is to develop and utilize
alliances with companies producing complementary software products in order to
obtain introductions or referrals to potential customers, as well as to
coordinate the development of the Company complementary software products
directly with such companies to enhance interoperability and performance. Future
customer premises systems revenues will be dependent to a significant extent on
the market success of such companies and the effectiveness of the alliances.
Factors that adversely affect the revenues of these companies, such as
competition, technological changes or product failures, may have a substantial
adverse effect upon the Company financial results. These strategic marketing
alliances are generally reflected by non-exclusive contractual arrangements that
are terminable at will. The success of the Company is dependent on the interest
and commitment of these companies to promote and coordinate product development
and marketing efforts with the Company, which is entirely at the discretion of
these companies. The Company strategic marketing allies maintain similar
relationships with certain of the Company competitors. There is intense
competition by other companies to establish such relationships, and there can be
no assurance that the Company will be able to maintain or expand its network of
strategic marketing alliances in the future, or that such companies will
continue to support the Company or not choose to favor one of the Company
competitors. Additionally, there can be no assurance that the companies with
which the Company maintains such alliances will not decide to enter into the
same business as, and compete directly against, the Company. The loss of any of
these relationships, or the inability of the Company to attract and develop new
strategic marketing alliances with other leading software companies, or adverse
developments affecting the business or prospects of such companies, could have a
material adverse effect on the Company business, financial condition, results
of operations and business prospects. See Business -- Technology and Product
Development, Business -- Marketing and Business -- Strategic Marketing
Alliances.
12  RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH RAPID TECHNOLOGICAL CHANGE
The markets for the Company interactive communications solutions are
characterized by rapid technological advancement, changes in customer
requirements, frequent new product introductions and enhancements and emerging
industry standards. The Company must continually change and improve its products
and services in response to changes in operating systems, application software,
computer and telephony hardware, communications, database and networking
systems, programming tools and computer language technology. The introduction of
products or services embodying new technologies and the emergence of new
industry standards can render existing products and services obsolete and
unmarketable. In particular, the market for self-service applications through
the Internet World Wide Web, corporate Intranets, and dial-up browser software
has only recently begun and is rapidly developing. The Company success will
depend upon its ability to enhance, on a timely and cost-effective basis, its
current products and services e.g., to effectively add new Internet and
corporate Intranet capabilities and to develop new products and services that
meet changing market conditions, which include changing customer needs, new
competitive product and service offerings, emerging industry standards and
changing technology. There can be no assurance that the Company will be
successful in developing and marketing, on a timely and cost-effective basis or
at all, fully functional and integrated product enhancements or new products or
services that respond to technological change, updates or enhancements to third
party products or services used in conjunction with the Company products or
services, changes in customer requirements or emerging industry standards, or
that the Company enhanced or new products and services will be accepted by
customers. Any failure by the Company to anticipate or respond adequately to
changing market conditions, or any significant delays in product or service
development or introduction, could have a material adverse effect on the
Company business, financial condition, results of operations and business
prospects.
The current version of the Company TALXWare software runs on IBM OS/2
operating system and the Company is therefore dependent upon the continued
viability of the OS/2 operating system and upon IBM continuing support for the
OS/2 operating system. However, the Company believes that some potential
customers will not purchase the Company product unless and until it runs on an
alternative operating system. Accordingly, the Company has begun to devote
significant engineering and product development resources to design and develop
a fully functional version of its TALXWare software to run on the Microsoft
Windows NT operating system. Towards this end, several modules of TALXWare are
available for Windows NT. The Company has also licensed a base Windows NT
product which is expected to be incorporated into TALXWare. Although such
product will not immediately offer customers the full range of features
currently available for the OS/2 operating system, the Company has directed
development efforts towards integrating additional features, including
EasyScript, into such base product during fiscal 1997 and commercial release of
such base product is expected to occur during fiscal 1998; however, due to
uncertainties with software development, no assurance can be given that such
release will occur. Additionally, as part of the process of making TALX products
compatible with the Windows NT operating system, the Company has developed
conversion utilities to allow the same digitized voice messages to be used with
both the OS/2 and Windows NT operating systems, has begun the process of porting
licensed technologies from the OS/2 operating system to the Windows NT operating
system and is proceeding with the design and development of a graphical user
interface for system administration functions for both the OS/2 and Windows NT
operating systems. Further, it is the Company strategy that new TALX products
will be developed to run on the Windows NT operating system. Thus, the Company
has been developing software using cross-platform software development tools
that allow software developed for the OS/2 operating system to also run on the
Windows NT operating system.
These projects are intended to expand market acceptance of the Company
products and to limit the market and technical risks associated with the
Company dependence on a single operating system. It is possible that the
Company intention to develop a fully functional Windows NT-based version of
its TALXWare software will cause potential customers to defer or forgo purchases
of current or future versions of the TALXWare software until it is available on
the Windows NT operating system, which could have a material adverse effect on
the Company business, financial condition, results of operations and business
prospects. Failure by the Company to develop a Windows NT-based version of the
TALXWare software successfully and in a timely and cost effective manner may
have a material adverse effect on the Company business, financial condition,
results of operations and business prospects. Further, when the Company markets
a Windows NT-based version of its TALXWare software, the Company will be
dependent upon the viability of that operating environment. 
13 The Company products not only involve integration with operating systems but
also with products developed by others. For example, the Company has recently
introduced a lower cost version of the TALX system utilizing NMS standards-based
computer telephony hardware boards and software drivers. The Company believes
that marketing this product as an alternative to the VP/2000-based TALX system
may provide a means to gain increased access to international markets, as well
as to more price sensitive U.S. domestic market segments. Currently, this
product is available only in a form with reduced performance and functionality
compared to the VP/2000-based TALX system. Although the Company is devoting
significant resources to enhance this new product to be a fully functional
counterpart to the VP/2000-based TALX system, this project could take a year or
longer. There can be no assurance that delays in increasing the functionality of
this product will not adversely affect sales opportunities, as customers may
purchase competitive standards-based systems. Such delays would have a material
adverse effect on the Company business, financial condition, results of
operations and business prospects.
If any of these third-party products, including IBM OS/2, Microsoft Windows NT
or the NMS boards and drivers, should become unavailable for any reason, fail in
their operation with the Company products or fail to be supported by their
respective vendors, it would be necessary for the Company to redesign its
products. There can be no assurance that any redesign could be accomplished in a
cost-effective or timely manner. The Company or its customers could also
experience difficulties integrating the Company products with other hardware
and software. Further, should new releases of these operating systems, computer
telephony hardware boards and software drivers, remote communications software,
database connectivity software or facsimile hardware boards and software drivers
occur before the Company develops products compatible with such new releases, if
ever, any resulting decline in demand for the Company products could have a
material adverse effect on the Company business, financial condition, results
of operations and business prospects.
Additionally, the Company licenses and integrates complementary enhancement
technologies into the systems it develops and seeks to provide the
best-of-class technologies to its customers. Some of the interactive features
which are licensed from third party suppliers by the Company pursuant to
non-exclusive license or resale agreements the Supplier Agreements or
purchased under open market purchase arrangements and then integrated into the
Company products are voice recognition, text-to-speech, facsimile, e-mail and
client/server database interfaces used in creating interactive communications
solutions. The Company believes that if any Supplier Agreement expires or is
canceled or otherwise terminated, or if a third party supplier refuses to sell
to the Company pursuant to the existing open market purchase arrangements, as
the case may be, and the existing third party supplier refuses to enter into a
subsequent agreement or other arrangement, the Company could enter into a
similar agreement or arrangement with any number of different suppliers.
However, if a new supplier is necessary, the integration of the relevant
technology from the new supplier would require a significant amount of time,
resulting in a meaningful delay in the Company ability to offer the particular
enhancement currently being purchased under Supplier Agreements or pursuant to
open market purchase arrangements. The Company could also experience
difficulties integrating the new supplier technology with all of its products.
Additionally, there can be no assurance that any such integration could be
accomplished in a cost-effective manner. Significant delays in the offering of
product enhancements due to integration of technology from new suppliers could
have a material adverse effect on the Company business, financial condition,
results of operations and business prospects. See Business -- Services and
Products and Business -- Technology and Product Development.
LENGTHY SALES CYCLE
Purchases of TALX interactive communications solutions are often the result of a
multi-department decision by prospective customers and generally require the
Company to engage in a lengthy sales cycle to provide a significant level of
education to prospective customers regarding the use and benefits of the TALX
interactive communications solutions. Due in part to the mission-critical nature
of certain of the TALX interactive communications solutions applications and the
associated investment in hardware, software and consulting expenditures,
potential customers tend to be cautious in making product acquisition decisions.
For these and other reasons, the sales cycle for the Company products and
services can range from one month to over one year and is subject to a number of
significant risks, including customers' budgetary constraints and internal
acceptance reviews, over which the Company has little or no control.
Consequently, if sales anticipated from specific customers for a particular
quarter are not realized in that quarter, the Company is unlikely to be able to
generate revenue from alternative sources in time to compensate for the
shortfall. As a result, lost or delayed sales could have a material adverse
effect on the Company quarterly operating results. Moreover, to the
14 extent that significant sales occur earlier than expected, operating results for
subsequent quarters may be adversely affected.
DEPENDENCE ON KEY PERSONNEL
The Company future performance depends to a significant degree upon the
continued contributions of its officers and key management, sales and technical
personnel, many of whom would be difficult to replace. The loss of any of these
individuals could have a material adverse effect on the Company business,
financial condition, results of operations and business prospects. The Company
has entered into employment agreements with William W. Canfield, its Chairman,
President and Chief Executive Officer, and certain other senior management
members. See Item 10 -- Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant and
