Item8.
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA   Lexmark
International, Inc. and Subsidiaries   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS   For the years ended December31, 2009, 2008 and 2007   In Millions, Except Per Share Amounts   	
2009   2008   2007   Revenue     3,8799     4,5284     4,9739   Cost of revenue   2,5701   2,9938   3,4103   Gross profit   1,3098   1,5346   1,5636   Research and development   3753   4233   4038   Selling, general and administrative   6478   8073   8128   Restructuring and related charges   706   268   257   Operating expense   1,0937   1,2574   1,2423   Operating income   2161   2772   3213   Interest income expense, net   214   61     212     Other income expense, net   46   74   70     Net impairment losses on securities   31        Earnings before income taxes   1870   2759   3495   Provision for income taxes   411   357   487   Net earnings     1459     2402     3008   Net earnings per share   Basic     187     270     316   Diluted     186     269     314   Shares used in per share calculation   Basic   782   889   953   Diluted   786   892   958   See notes to consolidated financial statements.   
64 Table of Contents   Lexmark
International, Inc. and Subsidiaries   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION   As of December31, 2009 and 2008   In Millions   	
2009   2008   ASSETS   Current assets   Cash and cash equivalents     4593     2792   Marketable securities   6732   6941   Trade receivables, net of allowances of $337 and $361 in 2009
and 2008, respectively   4249   4273   Inventories   3573   4383   Prepaid expenses and other current assets   2260   2238   Total current assets   2,1407   2,0627   Property, plant and equipment, net   9149   8632   Marketable securities   220   247   Other assets   2766   3148   Total assets     3,3542     3,2654   LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY   Current liabilities   Short term debt          55   Accounts payable   5101   5571   Accrued liabilities   6817   6949   Total current liabilities   1,1918   1,2575   Long-term debt   6489   6487   Other liabilities   4999   5471   Total liabilities   2,3406   2,4533   Commitments and contingencies   Stockholders equity   Preferred stock, $01par value, 16shares
authorized; no shares issued and outstanding        Common stock, $01par value   ClassA, 9000shares authorized; 781 and 777
outstanding in 2009 and 2008, respectively   09   09   ClassB, 100shares authorized; no shares issued and
outstanding        Capital in excess of par   8200   8035   Retained earnings   8398   6925   Treasury stock, net; at cost; 151shares in 2009 and 2008   4045     4045     Accumulated other comprehensive loss   2426     2803     Total stockholders equity   1,0136   8121   Total liabilities and stockholders equity     3,3542     3,2654   See notes to consolidated financial statements.   
65 Table of Contents   Lexmark
International, Inc. and Subsidiaries   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   For the years ended December31, 2009, 2008 and 2007   In Millions   	
2009   2008   2007   Cash flows from operating activities   Net earnings     1459     2402     3008   Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by   operating activities   Depreciation and amortization   2137   2049   1923   Deferred taxes   110   310     310     Stock-based compensation expense   204   327   412   Tax shortfall from employee stock plans   45     33     03     Foreign exchange gain upon Scotland liquidation        81     Gain on sale of facilities     11     35     Other   134   67   94     3999   4491   4820   Change in assets and liabilities   Trade receivables   23   1505   55   Inventories   812   261   66     Accounts payable   478     801     366   Accrued liabilities   160     397     74     Other assets and liabilities   174     238     541   Net cash flows provided by operating activities   4022   4821   5642   Cash flows from investing activities   Purchases of property, plant and equipment   2420     2177     1827     Purchases of marketable securities   8705     7444     9682     Proceeds from sales/maturities of marketable securities   8947   5338   8553   Purchases of companies net of cash acquired   101     18        Proceeds from sale of facilities     46   81   Other   03     21     01   Net cash flows used for investing activities   2282     4276     2874     Cash flows from financing activities   Repayment of current portion of long term debt     1500        Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt, net of issuance cost
of $41 in 2008     6445     Increase in short-term debt     57     Decrease in short-term debt   66        04     Issuance of treasury stock        01   Purchase of treasury stock     5545     1650     Proceeds from employee stock plans     63   156   Tax windfall from employee stock plans   06   11   39   Other   98   12     12     Net cash flows provided by used for financing activities   38   481     1470     Effect of exchange rate changes on cash   23   42     26   Net change in cash and cash equivalents   1801   22   1324   Cash and cash equivalents beginning of period   2792   2770   1446   Cash and cash equivalents end of period     4593     2792     2770   See notes to consolidated financial statements.   
66 Table of Contents   Lexmark
International, Inc. and Subsidiaries   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY AND
COMPREHENSIVE EARNINGS   For the years ended December31, 2009, 2008 and 2007   In Millions   	
Accumulated
Class A
Other
and B
Capital in
Comprehensive
Total
Common Stock   Excess
Retained
Treasury
Earnings
Stockholders
Shares   Amount   of Par   Earnings   Stock   Loss   Equity   Balance at December31, 2006   970     11     8273     6275     2898        1309        1,0352   Comprehensive earnings, net of taxes   Net earnings   3008   3008   Other comprehensive earnings loss   Pension or other postretirement benefits, net of reclass   175   Cash flow hedges, net of reclassifications   07     Translation adjustment, net of reclassification   225   Net unrealized gain loss on marketable securities     Other comprehensive earnings loss   393   393   Comprehensive earnings, net of taxes   3401   Adoption of new guidance Uncertainty in income
taxes1   74   74   Shares issued under deferred stock plan compensation   01   01   Shares issued upon exercise of options   03   100   100   Shares issued under employee stock purchase plan   01   56   56   Tax benefit shortfall related to stock plans   36   36   Stock-based compensation   412   412   Treasury shares purchased   27     1650     1650     Treasury shares issued     01   01   Balance at December31, 2007   947   11   8878   9357   4547     916     1,2783   Comprehensive earnings, net of taxes   Net earnings   2402   2402   Other comprehensive earnings loss   Pension or other postretirement benefits, net of reclass   1240     Cash flow hedges, net of reclassifications     Translation adjustment   634     Net unrealized gain loss on marketable securities   13     Other comprehensive earnings loss   1887     1887     Comprehensive earnings, net of taxes   515   Shares issued under deferred stock plan compensation   02     Shares issued upon exercise of options   02   42   42   Shares issued under employee stock purchase plan   01   21   21   Tax benefit shortfall related to stock plans   22     22     Stock-based compensation   327   327   Treasury shares purchased   175     5545     5545     Treasury shares issued     Treasury shares retired   02     1211     4834     6047     Balance at December31, 2008   777   09   8035   6925   4045     2803     8121   Comprehensive earnings, net of taxes   Net earnings   1459   1459   Other comprehensive earnings loss   Pension or other postretirement benefits, net of reclass   87   Cash flow hedges, net of reclassifications     Translation adjustment   278   Net unrealized gain loss on OTTI mark sec, net of reclass   11   Net unrealized gain loss on marketable securities, net of
reclass   18   Other comprehensive earnings loss   394   394   Comprehensive earnings, net of taxes   1853   Adoption of new accounting guidance
OTTI2   14   17     03     Shares issued under deferred stock plan compensation   04     Tax benefit shortfall related to stock plans   39     39     Stock-based compensation   204   204   Balance at December31, 2009   781     09     8200     8398     4045        2426        1,0136   
1
Adjustment to retained earnings
related to the adoption of accounting guidance regarding
uncertainty in income taxes was $7340million
2
Cumulative effect adjustment
related to the adoption of accounting guidance regarding
recognition and presentation of
other-than-temporary
impairments
See notes to consolidated financial statements.   
67 Table of Contents   Lexmark
International, Inc. and Subsidiaries   NOTESTO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   Tabular Dollars in Millions, Except Per Share Amounts   
1.
ORGANIZATION AND
BUSINESS   Since its inception in 1991, Lexmark International, Inc.
Lexmark or the Company has become a
leading developer, manufacturer and supplier of distributed
printing and imaging solutions. The Companys products
include laser printers, inkjet printers, multifunction devices,
and associated supplies, services and solutions. Lexmark also
sells dot matrix printers for printing single and multi-part
forms by business users. The customers for Lexmarks
products are large enterprises, small and medium businesses and
small offices home offices SOHOs worldwide. The
Companys products are principally sold through resellers,
retailers and distributors in more than 150 countries in North
and South America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Asia, the
Pacific Rim and the Caribbean.   
2.
SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES   Principles of
Consolidation   The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the
accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. All significant
intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated.   Use of
Estimates   The preparation of consolidated financial statements in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America U.S. requires management
to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts
of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, as well as
disclosures regarding contingencies. On an ongoing basis, the
Company evaluates its estimates, including those related to
customer programs and incentives, product returns, doubtful
accounts, inventories, stock-based compensation, intangible
assets, income taxes, warranty obligations, copyright fees,
restructurings, pension and other postretirement benefits,
contingencies and litigation, and fair values that are based on
unobservable inputs significant to the overall measurement.
Lexmark bases its estimates on historical experience, market
conditions, and various other assumptions that are believed to
be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form
the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of
assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other
sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under
different assumptions or conditions.   Foreign Currency
Translation   Assets and liabilities of
non-U.S.subsidiaries
that operate in a local currency environment are translated into
U.S.dollars at period-end exchange rates. Income and
expense accounts are translated at average exchange rates
prevailing during the period. Adjustments arising from the
translation of assets and liabilities, changes in
stockholders equity and results of operations are
accumulated as a separate component of Accumulated other
comprehensive earnings loss in stockholders equity.   Cash
Equivalents   All highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three
months or less at the Companys date of purchase are
considered to be cash equivalents.   Fair
Value   The Company defines fair value as the price that would be
received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an
orderly transaction between market participants at the
measurement date. In measuring fair value, the Company uses a
hierarchy of inputs to valuation techniques that maximizes the
use of   
68 Table of Contents   observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs
by requiring that the most observable inputs be used when
available.   The Company generally uses a market approach, when practicable,
in valuing financial instruments. In certain instances, when
observable market data is lacking, the Company uses valuation
techniques consistent with the income approach whereby future
cash flows are converted to a single discounted amount. The fair
value of cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, trade
payables and short-term debt approximates their carrying values
due to the relatively short-term nature of the instruments. The
fair value of Lexmarks marketable securities are based on
quoted market prices or other observable market data or in some
cases, internally developed inputs and assumptions discounted
cash flow model when observable market data does not exist.   The fair value of long-term debt is estimated based on the
prices the bonds have recently traded in the market as well as
prices of debt with similar characteristics issued by other
companies. The fair value of derivative financial instruments is
based on pricing models or formulas using current market data,
or where applicable, quoted market prices.   Starting in 2009, in response to newly issued fair value
accounting guidance, the Company implemented more comprehensive
procedures to review the number of pricing inputs received as
well as the variability in the pricing data utilized in the
overall valuation of its marketable securities. For securities
in which the number of pricing inputs is less than expected or
there is significant variability in the pricing inputs, the
Company tests that the price is within a reasonable range of
fair value through corroboration with other sources of market
data. Refer to Recent Accounting Pronouncements within
this footnote for information regarding the fair value guidance
issued and effective in 2009.   In determining where measurements lie in the fair value
hierarchy, the Company uses default assumptions regarding the
general characteristics of each type of security as the starting
point. The Company then downgrades individual securities to a
lower level as necessary based on specific facts and
circumstances.   The Company also applies the fair value framework to
nonrecurring, nonfinancial fair value measurements, beginning in
2009 in accordance with the accounting guidance. These
measurements include such items as impairment of held and used
fixed assets, long-lived assets held for sale, and goodwill
impairment testing. The valuation approaches selected for each
of these measurements depends upon the specific facts and
circumstances.   Marketable
Securities   Based on the Companys expected holding period, Lexmark has
classified all of its marketable securities as
available-for-sale
and the majority of these investments are reported in the
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as current assets.
The Companys
available-for-sale
auction rate securities have been classified as noncurrent
assets since the expected holding period is assumed to be
greater than one year due to failed market auctions of these
securities. Realized gains or losses are derived using the
specific identification method for determining the cost of the
securities.   The Company records its investments in marketable securities at
fair value through accumulated other comprehensive earnings
using the valuation practices discussed in the previous fair
value section. Once these investments have been marked to
market, the Company must assess whether or not its individual
unrealized loss positions contain
other-than-temporary
impairment OTTI. Based on new accounting guidance
issued and effective in 2009, the Company recognizes OTTI in
earnings for the entire unrealized loss position if the entity
intends to sell or it is more likely than not the entity will be
required to sell the debt security before its anticipated
recovery of its amortized cost basis. If the Company does not
expect to sell the debt security, but the present value of cash
flows expected to be collected is less than the amortized cost
basis, a credit loss is deemed to exist and OTTI is recognized
in earnings.   
69 Table of Contents   In determining whether it is more likely than not that the
Company will be required to sell impaired securities before
recovery of net book or carrying values, the Company considers
various factors that include   
The Companys current cash flow projections   
Other sources of funds available to the Company such as
borrowing lines   
The value of the security relative to the Companys overall
cash position   
The length of time remaining until the security matures,and   
The potential that the security will need to be sold to raise
capital.   If the Company determines that it does not intend to sell the
security and it is not more likely than not that the Company
will be required to sell the security, the Company assesses
whether it expects to recover the net book or carrying value of
the security. The Company makes this assessment based on
quantitative and qualitative factors of impaired securities that
include a time period analysis on unrealized loss to net book
value ratio; severity analysis on unrealized loss to net book
value ratio; credit analysis of the securitys issuer based
on rating downgrades; and other qualitative factors that may
include some or all of the following criteria   
The regulatory and economic environment.   
The sector, industry and geography in which the issuer operates.   
Forecasts about the issuers financial performance and
near-term prospects, such as earnings trends and analysts
or industry specialists forecasts.   
Failure of the issuer to make scheduled interest or principal
payments.   
Material recoveries or declines in fair value subsequent to the
balance sheet date.   Securities that are identified through the analysis using the
quantitative and qualitative factors described above are then
assessed to determine whether the entire net book value basis of
each identified security will be recovered. The Company performs
this assessment by comparing the present value of the cash flows
expected to be collected from the security with its net book
value. If the present value of cash flows expected to be
collected is less than the net book value basis of the security,
then a credit loss is deemed to exist and an
other-than-temporary
impairment is considered to have occurred. There are numerous
factors to be considered when estimating whether a credit loss
exists and the period over which the debt security is expected
to recover, some of which have been highlighted in the preceding
paragraph.   Refer to Note3, Fair Value, and Note6, Marketable
Securities, for further discussion on the Companys auction
rate securities as well as
other-than-temporary
impairment.   Allowance for
Doubtful Accounts   Lexmark maintains allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated
losses resulting from the inability of its customers to make
required payments. The Company estimates the allowance for
doubtful accounts based on a variety of factors including the
length of time receivables are past due, the financial health of
its customers, unusual macroeconomic conditions and historical
experience. If the financial condition of its customers
deteriorates or other circumstances occur that result in an
impairment of customers ability to make payments, the
Company records additional allowances as needed.   Inventories   Inventories are stated at the lower of average cost or market,
using standard cost which approximates the average cost method
of valuing its inventories and related cost of goods sold. The
Company considers all raw materials to be in production upon
their receipt.   
70 Table of Contents   Lexmark writes down its inventory for estimated obsolescence or
unmarketable inventory equal to the difference between the cost
of inventory and the estimated market value. The Company
estimates the difference between the cost of obsolete or
unmarketable inventory and its market value based upon product
demand requirements, product life cycle, product pricing and
quality issues. Also, Lexmark records an adverse purchase
commitment liability when anticipated market sales prices are
lower than committed costs.   Property, Plant
and Equipment   Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost and depreciated
over their estimated useful lives using the straight-line
method. The Company capitalizes interest related to the
construction of certain fixed assets if the effect of
capitalization is deemed material. Property, plant and equipment
accounts are relieved of the cost and related accumulated
depreciation when assets are disposed of or otherwise retired.   Internal Use
Software Costs   Lexmark capitalizes direct costs incurred during the application
development and implementation stages for developing,
purchasing, or otherwise acquiring software for internal use.
These software costs are included in Property, plant and
equipment, net, on the Consolidated Statements of Financial
Position and are depreciated over the estimated useful life of
the software, generally three to five years. All costs incurred
during the preliminary project stage are expensed as incurred.   Goodwill and
Other Intangible Assets   Lexmark annually reviews its goodwill for impairment and
currently does not have any indefinite-lived intangible assets.
The Companys goodwill and intangible assets are
immaterial, and therefore are not separately presented in the
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.   Long-Lived
Assets   Lexmark performs reviews for the impairment of long-lived assets
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. If the
estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from
the use of the assets and their eventual disposition are
insufficient to recover the carrying value of the assets, then
an impairment loss is recognized based upon the excess of the
carrying value of the assets over the fair value of the assets.
Fair value is determined based on the highest and best use of
the assets considered from the perspective of market
participants.   Lexmark also reviews any legal and contractual obligations
associated with the retirement of its long-lived assets and
records assets and liabilities, as necessary, related to such
obligations. The asset recorded is amortized over the useful
life of the related long-lived tangible asset. The liability
recorded is relieved when the costs are incurred to retire the
related long-lived tangible asset. The Companys asset
retirement obligations are currently not material to the
Companys Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.   Environmental
Remediation Obligations   Lexmark accrues for losses associated with environmental
remediation obligations when such losses are probable and
reasonably estimable. In the early stages of a remediation
process, particular components of the overall obligation may not
be reasonably estimable. In this circumstance, the Company
recognizes a liability for the best estimate or the minimum
amount in a range if no best estimate is available of the cost
of the remedial investigation-feasibility study, related
consultant and external legals fees, and for any other component
remediation costs that can be reasonably estimated. Accruals are
adjusted as further information develops or circumstances
change. Recoveries from other parties are recorded as assets
when their receipt is deemed probable.   
71 Table of Contents   Warranty   Lexmark provides for the estimated cost of product warranties at
the time revenue is recognized. The amounts accrued for product
warranties are based on the quantity of units sold under
warranty, estimated product failure rates, and material usage
and service delivery costs. The estimates for product failure
rates and material usage and service delivery costs are
periodically adjusted based on actual results. For extended
warranty programs, the Company defers revenue in short-term and
long-term liability accounts based on the extended warranty
contractual period for amounts invoiced to customers for these
programs and recognizes the revenue ratably over the contractual
period. Costs associated with extended warranty programs are
expensed as incurred.   Shipping and
Distribution Costs   Lexmark includes shipping and distribution costs in Cost of
Revenue on the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.   Revenue
Recognition   General   Lexmark recognizes revenue when persuasive evidence of an
arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the sales price is
fixed or determinable and collectibility is reasonably assured.
Revenue as reported in the Companys Consolidated
Statements of Earnings is reported net of any taxes e.g.,
sales, use, value added assessed by a governmental entity that
is directly imposed on a revenue-producing transaction between a
seller and a customer.   The following are the policies applicable to Lexmarks
major categories of revenue transactions   Products
Revenue from product sales, including sales to distributors and
resellers, is recognized when title and risk of loss transfer to
the customer, generally when the product is shipped to the
customer. Lexmark customers include distributors, resellers and
end-users of Lexmark products. When other significant
obligations remain after products are delivered, such as
contractual requirements pertaining to customer acceptance,
revenue is recognized only after such obligations are fulfilled.
At the time revenue is recognized, the Company provides for the
estimated cost of post-sales support, principally product
warranty, and reduces revenue for estimated product returns.   Lexmark records estimated reductions to revenue at the time of
sale for customer programs and incentive offerings including
special pricing agreements, promotions and other volume-based
incentives. Estimated reductions in revenue are based upon
historical trends and other known factors at the time of sale.
Lexmark also records estimated reductions to revenue for price
protection, which it provides to substantially all of its
distributors and reseller customers.   Services   Revenue from support or maintenance contracts, including
extended warranty programs, is recognized ratably over the
contractual period. Amounts invoiced to customers in excess of
revenue recognized on support or maintenance contracts are
recorded as deferred revenue until the appropriate revenue
recognition criteria are met. Revenue for time and material
contracts is recognized as the services are performed.   Multiple Element
Revenue Arrangements   Lexmark enters into transactions that include multiple elements,
such as a combination of products and services. Revenue for
these arrangements is allocated to each element based on its
relative fair value and is recognized when the revenue
recognition criteria for each element have been met. Relative
fair value   
72 Table of Contents   may be determined by the price of an element if it were sold on
a stand-alone basis or third party evidence e.g.,
competitors prices of comparable products or services.   Research and
Development Costs   Lexmark engages in the design and development of new products
and enhancements to its existing products. The Companys
research and development activity is focused on laser and inkjet
printers, multifunction products MFPs, and
associated supplies, features and related technologies. The
Company expenses research and development costs when incurred.   Advertising
Costs   The Company expenses advertising costs when incurred.
Advertising expense was approximately $515million,
$934million, and $1115million in 2009, 2008 and
2007, respectively.   Pension and Other
Postretirement Plans   The Company accounts for its defined benefit pension and other
postretirement plans using actuarial models. Liabilities are
computed using the projected unit credit method. The objective
under this method is to expense each participants benefits
under the plan as they accrue, taking into consideration future
salary increases and the plans benefit allocation formula.
Thus, the total pension to which each participant is expected to
become entitled is broken down into units, each associated with
a year of past or future credited service.   The discount rate assumption for the pension and other
postretirement benefit plan liabilities reflects the rates at
which the benefits could effectively be settled and are based on
current investment yields of high-quality fixed-income
investments. The Company uses a yield-curve approach to
determine the assumed discount rate in the U.S.based on
the timing of the cash flows of the expected future benefit
payments. This approach matches the plans cash flows to
that of a yield curve that provides the equivalent yields on
zero-coupon corporate bonds for each maturity.   The Companys assumed long-term rate of return on plan
assets is based on long-term historical actual return
information, the mix of investments that comprise plan assets
and future estimates of long-term investment returns by
reference to external sources. The Company also includes an
additional return for active management, when appropriate, and
deducts various expenses. Differences between actual and
expected asset returns on equity investments are recognized in
the calculation of net periodic benefit cost over five years.   The rate of compensation increase is determined by the Company
based upon its long-term plans for such increases. Effective
April 2006, this assumption is no longer applicable to the
U.S.pension plan due to the benefit accrual freeze in
connection with the Companys 2006 restructuring actions.
Unrecognized actuarial gains and losses that fall outside the
10% corridor are amortized on a straight-line basis
over the remaining estimated service period of active
participants. The Company has elected to continue using the
average remaining service period over which to amortize the
unrecognized actuarial gains and losses on the frozen
U.S.plan.   The Companys funding policy for its pension plans is to
fund the minimum amounts according to the regulatory
requirements under which the plans operate. From time to time,
the Company may choose to fund amounts in excess of the minimum
for various reasons.   The Company accrues for the cost of providing postretirement
benefits such as medical and life insurance coverage over the
remaining estimated service period of participants. These
benefits are funded by the Company when paid.   The accounting guidance for employers defined benefit
pension and other postretirement plans requires recognition of
the funded status of a benefit plan in the statement of
financial position and recognition in   
73 Table of Contents   other comprehensive earnings of certain gains and losses that
arise during the period, but are deferred under pension
accounting rules.   Stock-Based
Compensation   On January1, 2006, the Company implemented the provisions
of FASB guidance on share-based payment and related
interpretations. This guidance requires that all share-based
payments to employees, including grants of stock options, be
recognized in the financial statements based on their fair
value. The Company selected the modified prospective transition
method for implementing this guidance and began recognizing
compensation expense for stock-based awards granted on or after
January1, 2006, plus any unvested awards granted prior to
January1, 2006. Stock-based compensation expense for
awards granted on or after January1, 2006, is based on the
grant date fair value calculated in accordance with the
provisions of the share-based payment accounting guidance.
Stock-based compensation related to any unvested awards granted
prior to January1, 2006, is based on the grant date fair
value calculated in accordance with the original provisions of
FASB guidance on accounting for stock-based compensation. The
fair value of the Companys stock-based awards, less
estimated forfeitures, is amortized over the awards
vesting periods on a straight-line basis if the awards have a
service condition only. For awards that contain a performance
condition, the fair value of these stock-based awards, less
estimated forfeitures, is amortized over the awards
vesting periods using the graded vesting method of expense
attribution.   The fair value of each option award on the grant date was
estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the
following assumptions: expected dividend yield, expected stock
price volatility, weighted average risk-free interest rate and
weighted average expected life of the options. Under the
accounting guidance on share-based payment, the Companys
expected volatility assumption used in the Black-Scholes
option-pricing model was based exclusively on historical
volatility and the expected life assumption was established
based upon an analysis of historical option exercise behavior.
The risk-free interest rate used in the Black-Scholes model was
based on the implied yield currently available on
U.S.Treasury zero-coupon issues with a remaining term
equal to the Companys expected term assumption. The
Company has never declared or paid any cash dividends on the
ClassA Common Stock and has no current plans to pay cash
dividends on the ClassA Common Stock. The payment of any
future cash dividends will be determined by the Companys
Board of Directors in light of conditions then existing,
including the Companys earnings, financial condition and
capital requirements, restrictions in financing agreements,
business conditions, tax laws, certain corporate law
requirements and various other factors. The fair value of each
restricted stock unit award and deferred stock unit award was
generally calculated using the closing price of the
Companys stock on the date of grant.   Restructuring   Lexmark records a liability for a cost associated with an exit
or disposal activity at its fair value in the period in which
the liability is incurred, except for liabilities for certain
employee termination benefit charges that are accrued over time.
Employee termination benefits associated with an exit or
disposal activity are accrued when the obligation is probable
and estimable as a postemployment benefit obligation when local
statutory requirements stipulate minimum involuntary termination
benefits or, in the absence of local statutory requirements,
termination benefits to be provided are similar to benefits
provided in prior restructuring activities. Specifically for
termination benefits under a one-time benefit arrangement, the
timing of recognition and related measurement of a liability
depends on whether employees are required to render service
until they are terminated in order to receive the termination
benefits and, if so, whether employees will be retained to
render service beyond a minimum retention period. For employees
who are not required to render service until they are terminated
in order to receive the termination benefits or employees who
will not provide service beyond the minimum retention period,
the Company records a liability for the termination benefits at
the communication date. If employees are required to render
service until they are terminated in order to receive the
termination benefits and will be retained to render service
beyond the minimum retention period, the Company measures the
liability for termination benefits at the   
74 Table of Contents   communication date and recognizes the expense and liability
ratably over the future service period. For contract termination
costs, Lexmark records a liability for costs to terminate a
contract before the end of its term when the Company terminates
the agreement in accordance with the contract terms or when the
Company ceases using the rights conveyed by the contract. The
Company records a liability for other costs associated with an
exit or disposal activity in the period in which the liability
is incurred.   Income
Taxes   The provision for income taxes is computed based on pre-tax
income included in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. The
Company estimates its tax liability based on current tax laws in
the statutory jurisdictions in which it operates. These
estimates include judgments about the recognition and
realization of deferred tax assets and liabilities resulting
from the expected future tax consequences of events that have
been included in the financial statements. Under this method,
deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the
difference between the financial statement carrying amounts and
tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in
effect for the year in which the differences are expected to
reverse.   The Company determines its effective tax rate by dividing its
income tax expense by its income before taxes as reported in its
Consolidated Statements of Earnings. For reporting periods prior
to the end of the Companys fiscal year, the Company
records income tax expense based upon an estimated annual
effective tax rate. This rate is computed using the statutory
tax rate and an estimate of annual net income by geographic
region adjusted for an estimate of non-deductible expenses and
available tax credits.   In July 2006, the FASB issued guidance on accounting for
uncertainty in income taxes. This guidance clarifies the
accounting for income taxes by prescribing the minimum
recognition threshold as more-likely-than-not that a
tax position must meet before being recognized in the financial
statements. It also provides guidance on derecognition,
classification, interest and penalties, accounting for income
taxes in interim periods, financial statement disclosure and
transition rules.   The evaluation of a tax position in accordance with this
guidance is a two-step process. The first step is recognition:
The enterprise determines whether it is more likely than not
that a tax position will be sustained upon examination,
including resolution of any litigation. The second step is
measurement: A tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not
recognition threshold is measured to determine the amount of
benefit to recognize in the financial statements. The tax
position is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is
greater than 50percent likely of being realized upon
ultimate resolution.   Derivatives   All derivatives, including foreign currency exchange contracts,
are recognized in the Statements of Financial Position at fair
value. Derivatives that are not hedges must be recorded at fair
value through earnings. If a derivative is a hedge, depending on
the nature of the hedge, changes in the fair value of the
derivative are either offset against the change in fair value of
underlying assets or liabilities through earnings or recognized
in Accumulated other comprehensive earnings loss until
the underlying hedged item is recognized in earnings. Any
ineffective portion of a derivatives change in fair value
is immediately recognized in earnings. Derivatives qualifying as
hedges are included in the same section of the Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows as the underlying assets and
liabilities being hedged.   Net Earnings Per
Share   Basic net earnings per share is calculated by dividing net
income by the weighted average number of shares outstanding
during the reported period. The calculation of diluted net
earnings per share is similar to basic, except that the weighted
average number of shares outstanding includes the additional
dilution from potential common stock such as stock options,
restricted stock units and stock under long-term incentive plans.   
75 Table of Contents   Accumulated Other
Comprehensive Loss Earnings   Accumulated other comprehensive loss earnings refers to
revenues, expenses, gains and losses that under accounting
principles generally accepted in the U.S.are included in
comprehensive earnings loss but are excluded from net income
as these amounts are recorded directly as an adjustment to
stockholders equity, net of tax. Lexmarks
Accumulated other comprehensive loss earnings is
composed of deferred gains and losses related to pension or
other postretirement benefits, foreign currency exchange rate
adjustments, and net unrealized gains and losses on marketable
securities including the non-credit loss component of OTTI
beginning in 2009 based on new accounting guidance.   Segment
Data   Lexmark manufactures and sells a variety of printing and
multifunction products and related supplies and services and is
primarily managed along divisional lines: the Printing Solutions
and Services Division PSSD and the Imaging
Solutions Division ISD.   Subsequent
Events   The Company performs an evaluation of subsequent events through
the date the financial statements are issued. The Companys
year-end 2009 financial statements were issued on
February26, 2010.   Recent Accounting
Pronouncements   In April 2009, the FASB issued FASB Staff Position
FSP No.FAS141R-1, Accounting for
Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed in a Business
Combination That Arise from Contingencies FSP
FAS141R-1. The FSP amends the guidance provided
under FAS141R Business Combinations
FAS141R with regard to assets and
liabilities arising from contingencies in a business
combination. The new FSP requires that the acquirer recognize
pre-acquisition contingencies at fair value if the
acquisition-date fair value can be reasonably determined during
the measurement period. If fair value cannot be reasonably
determined, the measurement should be based on the best estimate
in accordance with the guidance on accounting for contingencies.
The FSP was effective for acquisitions by the Company beginning
in the first quarter of 2009. The Company applied this guidance
to its single acquisition during 2009, described in Note3
to the Consolidated Financial Statements.   In April 2009, the FASB issued FSP
No.FAS157-4,
Determining Fair Value When the Volume and Level of Activity
for the Asset or Liability Have Significantly Decreased and
Identifying Transactions That Are Not Orderly FSP
FAS157-4.
This FSP amends FAS157, Fair Value Measurements
FAS157 and supersedes FSP
No.FAS157-3,
Determining the Fair Value of a Financial Asset When the
Market for That Asset is Not Active FSP
FAS157-3.
According to the FSP, an entity should consider several factors
to determine whether there has been a significant decrease in
the volume and level of activity for the asset or liability when
compared with normal market activity for the asset or liability
including price quotations not based on current information, few
number of recent transactions, and price quotations varying
substantially among market makers to name a few. If an entity
concludes, based on the weight of the evidence, there has been a
significant decrease in volume and level of activity then
transactions or quoted prices may not be determinative of fair
value, thus requiring further analysis to determine whether the
prices are based on orderly transactions. The FSP lists several
factors to consider in making this assessment as well, including
the existence of a usual and customary marketing period, the
seller being in or near bankruptcy or forced to sell to meet
regulatory or legal requirements, and the transaction price
appearing as an outlier when compared with other recent
transactions. Based on the available evidence, an entity must
determine whether or not a transaction is orderly. The weight
placed on a transaction price when estimating fair value is
based on this determination as well as the sufficiency of
information available to make the determination. The FSP
reaffirms the need to use judgment when determining if a price
is determinative of fair value, considering all facts and
circumstances including the nature of a quote binding offer or
an indicative price, whether or not the price includes an
appropriate risk premium that a market participant would demand,
and considering the use of a different valuation   
76 Table of Contents   technique or multiple valuation techniques. In addition to the
accounting guidance, the FSP also amends fair value disclosure
requirements to require in interim periods the disclosure of the
inputs and valuation techniques used to measure fair value and
any changes in inputs and techniques during the period. The FSP
also requires that the fair value disclosures be presented for
debt and equity securities by major security type, based on the
nature and risks of the security. FSP
FAS157-4
was first effective for the Companys second quarter 2009
financial statements and was applied prospectively. The FSP has
not had a significant impact on the valuation of the
Companys assets or liabilities. Refer to Note3 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of the
Companys valuation techniques as well as additional
measures taken with respect to prices in response to the FSP.   In April 2009, the FASB issued FSP
No.FAS115-2
and
FAS124-2,
Recognition and Presentation of
Other-Than-Temporary
Impairments FSP
FAS115-2
and
FAS124-2.
This FSP amends the existing guidance regarding the recognition
of
other-than-temporary
impairment OTTI for debt securities. If the fair
value of a debt security is less than its amortized cost basis,
an entity must assess whether the impairment is other than
temporary. If an entity intends to sell or it is more likely
than not the entity will be required to sell the debt security
before its anticipated recovery of its amortized cost basis, an
other-than temporary impairment shall be considered to have
occurred and the entire difference between the amortized cost
basis and the fair value must be recognized in earnings. If the
entity does not expect to sell the debt security, but the
present value of cash flows expected to be collected is less
than the amortized cost basis, a credit loss is deemed to exist
and OTTI shall be considered to have occurred. However, in this
case, the OTTI is separated into two components, the amount
representing the credit loss which is recognized in earnings and
the amount related to all other factors which is now recognized
in other comprehensive income under the new guidance. In either
case, for debt securities in which OTTI was recognized in
earnings, the difference between the new amortized cost basis
previous amortized cost basis less OTTI recognized in earnings
and the cash flows expected to be collected shall be accreted in
accordance with existing guidance as interest income in
subsequent periods. The FSP also changes the presentation and
disclosure requirements of
other-than-temporary
impairments on debt and equity securities. In periods in which
OTTI is determined, the total OTTI shall be presented in the
statement of earnings as well as the offset for the amount that
was recognized in other comprehensive income under the new FSP.
Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income for
which a portion of an OTTI has been recognized in earnings must
also be presented separately. The FSP also expands interim and
annual disclosure requirements for debt and equity securities
including but not limited to the methodology and significant
inputs used to measure the credit loss portion of OTTI as well
as a tabular rollforward of the amount of credit losses
recognized in earnings. The FSP became effective for the
Companys new and existing investments as of April1,
2009. The Company recognized a favorable $21million
cumulative effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained
earnings and a corresponding adjustment to accumulated other
comprehensive income, before consideration of tax effects,
related to the initial application of the FSP to its debt
securities held by the Company at April1, 2009 for which
OTTI had been previously recognized. This adjustment was
calculated by comparing the present value of the cash flows
expected to be collected to the amortized cost bases of the debt
securities at the transition date. Under the new guidance, the
Company has recognized in earnings net impairment losses of
$31million. See Note6 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements for further details.   In May 2009, the FASB issued FASNo165,
Subsequent Events FAS165.
FAS165 provides accounting guidance and disclosure
requirements for events that occur after the balance sheet date
but before financial statements are issued or available to be
issued. FAS165 should be applied to the accounting for and
disclosure of subsequent events not addressed in other GAAP and
is not expected to change current accounting practices. The
standard requires that the effects of all subsequent events that
provide additional evidence about conditions that existed at the
balance sheet date be recognized in the financial statements.
However, an entity shall not recognize subsequent events that
provide evidence about conditions that did not exist at the date
of the balance sheet. For nonrecognized subsequent events, the
nature of the event and an estimate of the financial effects, or
statement that such an estimate cannot be made, should be
disclosed if necessary to keep the financial statements from
being misleading. FAS165 also requires that an entity
disclose the date through which subsequent events have been   
77 Table of Contents   evaluated and whether such date is the date the financial
statements were issued or the date the financial statements were
available to be issued. Lexmark, being a public company,
evaluates subsequent events through the date its financial
statements are issued. FAS165 was first effective for the
Companys second quarter financial statements. Note2
to the Consolidated Financial Statements provides the date
through which subsequent events were evaluated.   In June 2009, the FASB issued FASNo168, The FASB
Accounting Standards Codification and the Hierarchy of Generally
Accepted Accounting Principles a replacement of FASB
Statement No162 FAS168.
FAS168 establishes the FASB Accounting Standards
Codification ASC as the single source of
authoritative GAAP recognized by the FASB with the exception of
guidance provided by the SEC for public companies. Under the new
accounting principles framework, if guidance for a transaction
or event is not specified within a source of authoritative GAAP,
the Company must first consider accounting principles for
similar transactions or events within a source of authoritative
GAAP and then consider nonauthoritative guidance from other
sources. Though the ASC is not intended to change existing GAAP,
any effect of applying the standard will be accounted for as a
change in accounting principle or correction of an error
depending on the facts and circumstances. FAS168 was first
effective for the Companys third quarter financial
statements. The Company has removed all other references to
legacy accounting standards and has adopted a plain English
approach to disclosures regarding accounting guidance. The
Company expects no other changes to its financial statements as
the result of the ASC. Changes to the ASC, representing new or
amended accounting and disclosure guidance, will be communicated
in the form of an Accounting Standards Update ASU.
Although ASUs will update the ASC, they are not considered
authoritative in their own right.   In August 2009, the FASB issued ASU
No2009-05,
Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures Topic 820:
Measuring Liabilities at Fair Value ASU
2009-05.
ASU 2009-05
reaffirms that the fair value measurement of a liability is
based on the assumption that the liability is transferred in an
orderly transaction to a market participant and continues to
exist rather than settled with the counterparty. It also
reaffirms that the measurement include nonperformance risk and
that such risk does not change after the transfer of the
liability. ASU
2009-05
provides guidance on how to measure liabilities at fair value.
When a quoted price in an active market for the identical
liability is not available, a Level1 measurement, an
entity must consider other techniques. If the quoted price of
an identical liability when traded as an asset in an active
market is available, and no adjustment is needed, this is also
considered a Level1 measurement. In the absence of a
Level1 measurement, an entity must use one or more of the
following: the quoted price of the identical liability when
traded as an asset, quoted prices for similar liabilities or
similar liabilities when traded as assets,
and/or
another valuation technique such as a technique based upon the
amount an entity would pay to transfer the identical liability
in an orderly transaction or a technique based on the amount an
entity would receive to enter into an identical liability. An
entity should not make a separate adjustment for restrictions on
the transfer of a liability when measuring the liabilitys
fair value. This restriction is implicit in nearly all
liabilities and is considered to be understood by issuer and
creditor. However, quoted prices should be adjusted for any
factors specific to the asset that are not applicable to the
fair value measurement of the liability, such as the quoted
price of an asset relates to a similar but not identical
liability or the quoted price of an asset includes the effect of
a third-party guarantee. The method or technique used to measure
fair value must maximize the use of relevant observable inputs
and should reflect the assumptions that market participants
would use in the principal or most advantageous market in
accordance with existing fair value guidance. The guidance was
first effective for the Company in the fourth quarter of 2009.
There were no material changes to the Companys fair value
measurements resulting from the new guidance.   In September 2009, the FASB issue ASU
No2009-12,
Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures Topic 820:
Investments in Certain Entities That Calculate Net Asset Value
per Share or Its Equivalent ASU
2009-12.
ASU 2009-12
applies to investments that both 1do not have readily
determinable fair values and 2are made to entities
having all of the attributes of an investment company specified
under current U.S.GAAP or made to entities in which it is
industry practice for the investee to issue financial statements
in a manner consistent with U.S. GAAP for investment companies.
ASU 2009-12
provides guidance on the   
78 Table of Contents   fair value measurement of these investments. The ASU permits a
reporting entity, as a practical expedient, to estimate the fair
value of the investment using the net asset value per share
provided it is calculated in a manner consistent with
U.S.GAAP for investment companies at the reporting
entitys measurement date. If net asset value per share is
not calculated in such a manner, the reporting entity must
consider whether an adjustment to the most recent net asset
value per share is necessary in order to estimate net asset
value in a manner consistent with U.S.GAAP as of the
reporting entitys measurement date. A reporting entity is
not allowed to use the practical expedient if it is probable
that the entity will sell the investment for an amount that is
different from net asset value per share. ASU
2009-12 also
contains disclosure requirements for investments within scope
that have been measured at fair value during the period even if
the practical expedient was not applied, though the disclosures
do not apply to pension plan assets. The guidance, which was
first effective for the Company in the fourth quarter of 2009,
did not have a material impact to the Companys fair value
measurements as most of the Companys investments have
readily determinable fair values.   Accounting
Standards Issued But Not Yet Effective   In October 2009, the FASB issued ASU
No2009-13,
Revenue Recognition Topic 605: Multiple-Deliverable Revenue
Arrangements ASU
2009-13.
ASU 2009-13
contains amendments to the ASC that address how to determine
whether a multiple-deliverable arrangement contains more than
one unit of accounting and how to measure and allocate
arrangement consideration to the separate units of accounting in
the arrangement. The ASU does not provide revenue recognition
guidance for a given unit of accounting. ASU
2009-13
removes the requirement that there be objective and reliable
evidence of fair value of the undelivered items in order to
recognize the delivered items as separate units of
accounting. Under the amended guidance, the delivered items
will be considered separate units of accounting if both the
delivered items have value to the customer on a standalone
basis and delivery or performance of the undelivered items is
considered probable and substantially in the control of the
vendor when the arrangement includes a general right of return
relative to the delivered item. ASU
2009-13
eliminates the use of the residual method when measuring and
allocating arrangement consideration to separate units of
accounting. Under the amended guidance, arrangement
consideration will be allocated at the inception of the
arrangement to all deliverables on the basis of their relative
selling price. When applying this method, an entity must adhere
to the selling price hierarchy; that is, the selling price used
for each deliverable will be based on vendor-specific objective
evidence VSOE if available, third-party evidence
TPE if vendor-specific objective evidence is not
available, or estimated selling price if neither VSOE nor TPE is
available. The vendors best estimate of selling price is
the price at which the vendor would transact if the deliverable
were sold by the vendor regularly on a standalone basis and
should take into consideration market conditions and
entity-specific factors. ASU
2009-13 also
expands ongoing disclosure requirements for multiple-deliverable
arrangements. The disclosure objective is to provide both
qualitative and quantitative information about a vendors
revenue arrangements, significant judgments made in applying the
guidance, and changes in judgment or application of the guidance
that may significantly affect the timing or amount of revenue
recognition. The new guidance under the ASU must be applied
either on a prospective basis to revenue arrangements entered
into or materially modified in the year 2011 or on a retroactive
basis. Earlier application is allowed under the transition
guidance of the ASU; however, if an entity decides to elect
earlier application and the period of adoption is not the first
reporting period in the entitys fiscal year, the new
guidance must be applied retrospectively from the beginning of
the entitys fiscal year accompanied by certain required
disclosures of previously reported interim periods in the fiscal
year of adoption. The reporting entity will also be required to
provide transition disclosures in the year of adoption that
enable the reader to understand the effect of the change in
accounting principle. The required disclosures depend on whether
the guidance is adopted on a prospective basis or through
retrospective application.   In October 2009, the FASB issued ASU
No2009-14,
Software Topic 985Certain Revenue Arrangements That
Include Software Elements ASU
2009-14.
ASU 2009-14
contains amendments to the ASC that change the accounting model
for revenue arrangements that include both tangible products and
software elements. Specifically, the ASU modifies the scope of
existing software revenue   
79 Table of Contents   guidance such that tangible products containing software
components and nonsoftware components that function together to
deliver the tangible products essential functionality are
no longer in scope. The amendments also require that hardware
components of a tangible product containing software components
always be excluded from software revenue guidance. Furthermore,
if the software contained on the tangible product is essential
to the tangible products functionality, the software is
excluded from software revenue guidance as well. This exclusion
would include undelivered elements that relate to the software
that is essential to the tangible products functionality.
The ASU provides various factors to consider when determining
whether the software and nonsoftware components function
together to deliver the products essential functionality.
These changes would remove the requirement to have VSOE of
selling price of the undelivered elements sold with a
software-enabled tangible product and could likely increase the
ability to separately account for the sale of these products
from the undelivered elements in an arrangement. ASU
2009-14 also
provides guidance on how to allocate consideration when an
arrangement includes deliverables that are within the scope of
software revenue guidance software deliverables
and deliverables that are not nonsoftware
deliverables. The consideration must be allocated to the
software deliverables as a group and the nonsoftware
deliverables based on the relative selling price method
described in ASU
2009-13. The
consideration allocated to the software deliverables group would
be subject to further separation and allocation based on the
software revenue guidance. Furthermore, if an undelivered
element relates to both a deliverable within the scope of the
software revenue guidance and deliverable not in scope of the
software revenue guidance, the undelivered element must be
bifurcated into a software deliverable and a nonsoftware
deliverable. Multiple-element arrangements that include
deliverables within the scope of software revenue guidance and
deliverables not within the scope of software revenue guidance
must provide the ongoing disclosures required in ASU
2009-13. An
entity must adopt the amendments in ASU
2009-14 in
the same period and using the same transition method that it
uses to adopt the amendments included in ASU
2009-13.   The Company is in the process of assessing the impact of ASU
2009-13 and
ASU 2009-14.
The Company enters into various types of multiple-element
arrangements and, in many cases, uses the residual method to
allocate arrangement consideration. The elimination of the
residual method and required use of the relative selling price
method will result in the Company allocating any discount over
all of the deliverables rather than recognizing the entire
discount up front with the delivered items. Although the Company
is in the process of assessing this change quantitatively, the
Company does not believe the change will be material to the
Companys financial statements given the relatively low
magnitude of multiple deliverable arrangements to the
Companys overall business. The Company has not yet
developed a policy for best estimate of selling price nor has
the adoption date and transition method been determined at this
time. Additionally, based on Lexmarks current operations,
the Company also believes the changes to the software revenue
guidance will not have a material impact to its financial
statements.   In December 2009, the FASB issued ASU
No2009-16,
Transfers and Servicing Topic 860 ASU
2009-16
which codifies FAS166 originally issued in June 2009. The
amendments to the ASC contained in ASU
2009-16
eliminate the concept of a qualifying special purpose entity and
removes the exception from applying consolidation guidance to
such entities. ASU
2009-16 also
amends and clarifies the derecognition criteria for a transfer
to be accounted for as a sale. The Company will continue to
account for its trade receivables facility as a secured
borrowing based on its ability to repurchase the receivable
interests at a determinable price. The accounting guidance is
effective for any transfers by the Company in the first quarter
of 2010.   In January 2010, the FASB issued ASU
No2010-06,
Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures Topic 820
ASU
2010-06
which requires new disclosures and clarifies existing
disclosures required under current fair value guidance. Under
the new guidance, a reporting entity must disclose separately
gross transfers in and gross transfers out of Levels1, 2,
and 3 and describe the reasons for the transfers. A reporting
entity must also disclose and consistently follow its policy for
determining when transfers between levels are recognized. The
new guidance also requires separate presentation of purchases,
sales, issuances, and settlements rather than net presentation
in the Level3 reconciliation. ASU
2010-06 also
requires that the fair values of derivative assets and
liabilities be presented on a gross basis except for   
80 Table of Contents   the Level3 reconciliation which may be presented on a net
or a gross basis. The ASU also makes clear the appropriate level
of disaggregation for fair value disclosures, which is generally
by class of assets and liabilities, as well as clarifies the
requirement to provide disclosures about valuation techniques
and inputs for both recurring and nonrecurring fair value
measurements that fall under Level2 or Level3. The
new disclosure requirements will be effective for the Company in
the first quarter of 2010 with the exception of the requirement
to separately disclose purchases, sales, issuances, and
settlements which will be effective in the first quarter of
2011. The Company will incorporate the required disclosures into
its first quarter 2010 fair value footnote but has not yet
decided whether or not it will early adopt the 2011 requirements
as permitted under the guidance.   The FASB and SEC issued several accounting standards updates and
staff accounting bulletins not discussed above that related to
technical corrections of existing guidance or new guidance that
is not meaningful to the Companys current financial
statements.   Reclassifications   Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified, if
applicable, to conform to the current presentation.   
3.
FAIR
VALUE   General   Effective January1, 2008 the Company adopted the
authoritative guidance for fair value measurements issued by the
Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB. This
guidance defines fair value, establishes a framework for
measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles
GAAP and expands disclosures about fair value
measurements. The guidance defines fair value as the price that
would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a
liability in an orderly transaction between market participants
at the measurement date. As part of the framework for measuring
fair value, the guidance establishes a hierarchy of inputs to
valuation techniques used in measuring fair value that maximizes
the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of
unobservable inputs by requiring that the most observable inputs
be used when available.   The guidance issued by the FASB in April 2009 for determining
fair value when the volume and level of activity for the asset
or liability have significantly decreased and identifying
transactions that are not orderly was considered in preparation
of the December31, 2009 financial statements. The
additional disclosures required by this guidance have been
provided below, namely the disaggregation of fair value
information to the level of major security types used in
Note6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The
guidance does not require such disclosures for earlier periods
presented for comparative purposes at initial adoption.   See Note2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for
information regarding the guidance issued by the FASB in 2009
discussed above.   Fair Value
Hierarchy   The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are   
Level1 Quoted prices unadjusted in active
markets for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities that
the Company has the ability to access at the measurement date   
Level2 Inputs other than quoted prices
included in Level1 that are observable for the asset or
liability, either directly or indirectly;and   
Level3 Unobservable inputs used in valuations
in which there is little market activity for the asset or
liability at the measurement date.   Fair value measurements of assets and liabilities are assigned a
level within the fair value hierarchy based on the lowest level
of any input that is significant to the fair value measurement
in its entirety.   
81 Table of Contents   Assets and
Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring
Basis   	
Based on   Quoted
Prices in
Other
Fair Value At
Active
Observable
Unobservable
December31,
Markets
Inputs
Inputs
2009   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis   Available-for-sale
marketable securities ST     6732     2616     4082     34   Foreign currency
derivatives1   02     02     Available-for-sale
marketable securities LT   220        220   Total     6954     2616     4084     254   Liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis   Foreign currency
derivatives2   03     03     Total     03          03        
1
Foreign currency derivative assets
are included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets
on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.
2
Foreign currency derivative
liabilities are included in Accrued liabilities on the
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.
The fair values of the marketable securities above are disclosed
by major security type in the table below.   	
Based on   Quoted
Prices in
Other
Fair Value at
Active
Observable
Unobservable
December31,
Markets
Inputs
Inputs
2009   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Government agency debt securities ST     2719     2616     103        Corporate debt securities ST   3012     3002   10   Asset-backed and mortgage-backed securities - ST   1001     977   24   Auction rate securities municipal debt LT   186        186   Auction rate securities preferred LT   34        34   Total     6952     2616     4082     254   Excluded from the 2009 tables above were financial instruments
included in Cash and cash equivalents on the Consolidated
Statements of Financial Position. The Companys policy is
to consider all highly liquid investments with an original
maturity of three months or less at the Companys date of
purchase to be cash equivalents. Investments considered cash
equivalents included approximately $3018million of money
market funds, $347million of agency discount notes and
$11million of corporate debt securities at
December31, 2009. The amortized cost of these investments
closely approximates fair value as described in the
Companys policy above. Fair value of these instruments is
readily determinable using the methods described below for
marketable securities or, in the case of money market funds,
based on the fair value per share unit determined and
published as the basis for current transactions.   
82 Table of Contents   For purposes of comparison, the following information relates to
December31, 2008.   	
Based on   Quoted
Prices in
Other
Fair Value at
Active
Observable
Unobservable
December31,
Markets
Inputs
Inputs
2008   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis   Available-for-sale
marketable securities ST     6941     4280     2647     14   Available-for-sale
marketable securities LT   247        247   Total     7188     4280     2647     261   Liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis   Foreign currency
derivatives1   15     15     Total     15          15        
1
Foreign currency derivative
liabilities are included in Accrued liabilities on the
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.
Excluded from the table above were financial instruments
included in Cash and cash equivalents on the Consolidated
Statements of Financial Position. Investments considered cash
equivalents, which closely approximate fair value as described
in the Companys policy above, included roughly
$1299million of money market funds and $360million
of US agency discount notes at December31, 2008.   The following table presents additional information about
Level3 assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis
for the years ended December31, 2009 and December31,
2008   	
Twelve Months
Twelve Months
Ended
Ended
December31, 2009   December31, 2008   Available-for-Sale Marketable Securities   Balance, beginning of period     261     319   Pre-tax cumulative effect adj Retained Earnings   21     Pre-tax cumulative effect adj Accum Other Comp Loss   21        Realized and unrealized gains/losses included in earnings   29     73     Unrealized gains/losses included in comprehensive income   10   10     Purchases, sales, issuances, and settlements, net   15     01   Transfers in and/or out of Level3   27   24   Balance, end of period     254     261   
*
Adoption of new accounting guidance
regarding recognition and presentation of
other-than-temporary
impairments
See Notes2 and 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements
regarding the cumulative effect transition adjustment related to
the FASBs amended guidance for determining
other-than-temporary
impairment FASB OTTI guidance.   
83 Table of Contents   The 2009 Level3 marketable securities fair value
information above is disclosed by major security type in the
table below.   	
Total Level 3
Corporate Debt
AB And MB
ARS - Muni Debt
ARS - Preferred
Twelve Months Ended, December31,2009   Securities   Securities   Securities   Securities   Securities   Balance, beginning of period     261     09     05     208     39   Pre-tax cumulative effect adj Retained Earnings   21   14     07     Pre-tax cumulative effect adj Accum Other Comp Loss   21     14        07        Realized and unrealized gains/losses included in earnings   29     12     03     14        Unrealized gains/losses included in comprehensive income   10   17   02   04     05     Purchases, sales, issuances, and settlements, net   15     04     07     04        Transfers in and/or out of Level3   27     27        Balance, end of period     254     10     24     186     34   AB = Asset-backed
MB = Mortgage-backed
ARS = Auction rate security
Realized and unrealized losses of $29million year to date
2009 were recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings
related to the Companys Level3 assets, nearly all of
which related to assets still held at the balance sheet date. Of
this amount, $27million was recognized in Net
Impairment Losses on Securities and calculated in accordance
with the new FASB OTTI guidance and $02million was
recognized in Other income expense, net in the first
quarter of 2009 as determined under the prior OTTI guidance. The
2009 total is primarily driven by credit losses of
$12million related to Lehman Brothers debt securities and
$14 related to one of the Companys municipal auction rate
securities. It should be noted that all of the 2009 charges
related to Lehman Brothers and $07million of the 2009
charge related to the municipal auction rate security are
recycled charges that were recognized in 2008 Net earnings
and reversed through Retained earnings on
April1, 2009 in the transition adjustment required under
the amended FASB OTTI guidance. Realized and unrealized losses
of $73million during 2008 were included in Other
income expense, net on the Consolidated Statements of
Earnings. Of this amount, losses of $73million were
attributable to the change in fair value of marketable
securities held at December31, 2008, deemed to be other
than temporarily impaired, including $44million related
to the Lehman Brothers bankruptcy, $19million related to
auction rate securities, and $10 related to distressed
corporate debt, mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities.   There were no purchases of Level3 securities in 2009. The
Purchases, sales, issuances, and settlements, net total
relate to sales of various security types as indicated in the
table above. For 2008, the Purchases, sales, issuances, and
settlements, net total of $01million was comprised of
$285million of auction rate securities purchases in the
first quarter of 2008 offset by settlements of auction rate
securities of $280million in the second quarter and third
quarter of 2008 as well as sales of certain corporate debt and
mortgage-backed securities of $04million.   Transfers in
and/or out
of Level3 for 2009 were $27million net, made up of
gross transfers in of $45million offset partially by
gross transfers out of $18million. Level3 transfer
activity in 2009 was driven by asset-backed and mortgage-backed
securities. The Company believed that a Level3
classification was appropriate for these securities due to
several reasons including a low number of inputs used in the
consensus price default methodology and the use of unobservable
inputs in certain fair value   
84 Table of Contents   measurements. Transfers in
and/or out
of Level3 2008 were $24million net, made up of
gross transfers in of $112million offset partially by
gross transfers out of $88million. Gross transfers in
were primarily due to $50million of Lehman Brothers debt
securities transferred in to Level3 due to the use of
indicative pricing source after bankruptcy was indicated in the
third quarter as well as $56million of various corporate
bonds and mortgage-backed securities for which current,
observable market data was not available at third quarter end
due to specific credit events or a decrease in trading activity.
Gross transfers out were driven by notification in the second
quarter that $41million of auction rate would be called
at par in the following quarter as well as $46million
reclassification of certain debt securities back to Level2
based on the availability of current, observable market data at
the end of the fourth quarter.   Interest rate swap contracts, which served as a fair value hedge
of the Companys senior notes that matured in May 2008,
were also considered a Level3 fair value measurement in
the second quarter of 2008. Because the short-cut method was
used to record the fair value of the interest rate swaps, the
Company believes it is clearer to describe the activity in
narrative form rather than to include the change in fair value
in the Level3 rollforward above. The fair values of the
interest rate swaps at December31, 2007 and March31,
2008 were assets of $01million and $03million,
respectively. Final settlement occurred in the second quarter of
2008, resulting in net cash proceeds of $08million. As of
December31, 2009, the Company has not entered into any new
interest rate swap contracts.   Valuation
Techniques   The Company generally uses a market approach, when practicable,
in valuing the following financial instruments. In certain
instances, when observable market data is lacking, the Company
uses valuation techniques consistent with the income approach
whereby future cash flows are converted to a single discounted
amount. A discussion of changes in valuation techniques and
significant assumptions in 2009 is included below.   Marketable
Securities   The Company evaluates its marketable securities in accordance
with FASB guidance on accounting for investments in debt and
equity securities, and has determined that all of its
investments in marketable securities should be classified as
available-for-sale
and reported at fair value. The fair values of the
Companys
available-for-sale
marketable securities are based on quoted market prices or other
observable market data, or in some cases, unobservable inputs
and assumptions such as discounted cash flow models or
indicative pricing sources when observable market data does not
exist. The Company used multiple third party service providers
to report the fair values of the securities in which Lexmark is
invested. In limited instances, the Company has adjusted the
fair values provided by a third party service provider in order
to better reflect the risk adjustments that market participants
would make for nonperformance and liquidity risks.   Level1 Marketable Securities   Level1 fair value measurements are based on quoted market
prices in active markets and include U.S.government and
agency securities. These valuations are performed using a
consensus price method, whereby prices from a variety of
industry data providers are input into a distribution-curve
based algorithm to determine daily market values.   Level2 Marketable Securities   Level2 fair value measurements are based on quoted prices
in markets that are not active, broker dealer quotations, or
other methods by which all significant inputs are observable,
either directly or indirectly. Securities utilizing Level2
inputs are primarily corporate bonds, asset-backed securities
and mortgage-backed securities, most of which are valued using
the consensus price method described previously. In response to
new accounting guidance regarding the determination of fair
value when the volume and level of activity have significantly
decreased and identifying transactions that are not orderly, the
Company added additional steps starting in the second quarter of
2009 to its fair value practices described above   
85 Table of Contents   with respect to the consensus pricing methodology used in the
valuation of these securities. The Company has implemented more
comprehensive procedures to review the number of pricing inputs
received as well as the variability in the pricing data utilized
in the overall valuation. For securities in which the number of
pricing inputs used is less than expected or there is
significant variability in the pricing inputs, the Company has
tested that the final consensus price is within a reasonable
range of fair value through corroboration with other sources of
price data.   During 2009, the Company valued certain mortgage-backed and
asset-backed securities using a discounted cash flow approach
rather than the consensus price method described above. The
additional valuation was performed during the Companys
assessment of
other-than-temporary
impairment under the new model included in the FASB OTTI
guidance. Under the discounted cash flow approach,
collateral-specific assumptions were developed based on an
analysis of the characteristics of each security. These
assumptions were then used to project the performance of the
instruments. The expected cash flows that resulted from the
analysis were then discounted using a rate intended to reflect
the uncertainty inherent in the cash flows. In some cases, the
Company was able to corroborate the results of the discounted
cash flow analysis with the valuations determined under the
consensus pricing method within a reasonable range of fair
value. The corroborated fair values were maintained as
Level2 within the fair value hierarchy.   Level2 fair value measurements also include smaller
amounts of commercial paper and certificates of deposit which
generally have shorter maturities and less frequent market
trades. Such securities are valued via mathematical calculations
using observable inputs until such time that market activity
reflects an updated price.   Level3
Marketable Securities
Level3 fair value measurements are based on inputs that
are unobservable and significant to the overall valuation.
Level3 fair value measurements at December31, 2009
included auction rate securities for which recent auctions were
unsuccessful, valued at $220million, as well as certain
distressed debt securities and other asset-backed and
mortgage-backed securities valued at $34million. The
auction rate securities were made up of student loan revenue
bonds valued at $137million, municipal sewer and airport
revenue bonds valued at $49million, and auction preferred
stock valued at $34million at year end 2009. Level3
fair value measurements at December31, 2008 included
auction rate securities for which recent auctions were
unsuccessful, valued at $247million, certain distressed
debt instruments valued at $08million, and other thinly
traded corporate debt securities and mortgage-backed securities
valued at $06million. The auction rate securities were
made up of student loan revenue bonds valued at
$146million, municipal sewer and airport revenue bonds
valued at $62million, and auction rate preferred stock
valued at $39million. The valuation techniques for the
Companys level3 fair value measurements of its
marketable securities are discussed in the paragraphs to follow.   Auction Rate
Securities
For year-end 2009, the Companys auction rate securities
for which recent auctions were unsuccessful were valued using a
more refined discounted cash flow model that places greater
emphasis on the characteristics of the individual securities,
which the Company believes yields a better estimate of fair
value. The first step in the valuation included a credit
analysis of the security which considered various factors
including the credit quality of the issuer and insurer if
applicable, the instruments position within the capital
structure of the issuing authority, and the composition of the
authoritys assets including the effect of insurance
and/or
government guarantees. Next, the future cash flows of the
instruments were projected based on certain assumptions
significant to the valuation including 1the auction rate
market will remain illiquid and auctions will continue to fail
causing the interest rate to be the maximum applicable rate and
2the securities will not be redeemed. These assumptions
resulted in discounted cash flow analysis being performed
through the legal maturities of these securities, ranging from
the year 2032 through 2040, or in the case of the auction rate
preferred stock, through the mandatory redemption date of
year-end 2021. The projected cash flows were then discounted
using the applicable yield curve, such as   
86 Table of Contents   AAA or AA US Muni Education Revenue curve for student loan
auction rate securities, plus a 250basis point liquidity
premium added to the applicable discount rate of all but one
auction rate security. For this instrument, developments in the
fourth quarter of 2009 raised serious concern regarding the
insurers ability to honor its contract. Given the
distressed financial conditions of both the issuer as well as
the insurer, the fair value of the municipal bond was primarily
based on the expected recoveries that holders could realize from
bankruptcy proceedings after a likely work out period of two
years. A small number of comparable trades were also considered
in the valuation of this instrument which supported the discount
rate applied. Overall, the auction rate security portfolio
balance decreased $27million during the year and was
largely due to the $07million decrease in the fair value
of this security as well as higher liquidity premiums and longer
economic maturities based on the Companies assumptions regarding
the auction rate market compared to those of 2008. For
comparison purposes, a summary of the year-end 2008 valuation
techniques and assumptions used to measure auction rate
securities is provided in the following paragraph.   The Company performed a discounted cash flow analysis on its
auction rate securities at year-end 2008, using current coupon
rates, a first quarter 2010 redemption date and a 50basis
point liquidity premium factored into the discount rate. The
result was a downward YTD mark to market adjustment of
$25million, of which $19million was recognized in
the Consolidated Statements of Earnings as other than
temporarily impaired due to credit events involving the issuer
and insurer of one security. The remaining $06million was
recognized in Accumulated other comprehensive loss on the
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position representing the
mark to market adjustment on all other auction rate securities.   The changes in valuation techniques and assumptions in 2009 for
the Companys auction rate securities did not result from
the application of the new fair value guidance that was
effective for the Company starting in the second quarter of 2009.   Other Level3
Debt Securities
The Company holds certain debt instruments that it considers
distressed due to reasons such as bankruptcy or a significant
downgrade in credit rating. These types of securities are valued
in a number of ways including the use of indicative pricing
sources or a discounted cash flow analysis. In limited
instances, the Company has decided that the value determined by
a discounted cash flow analysis is a better indicator of fair
value and has adjusted the price determined under the consensus
price methodology.   In 2009, the Company switched to an income approach when valuing
its Lehman Brothers corporate debt securities, which are the
Companys largest distressed debt instruments. The
discounted cash flow analysis was based on a detailed analysis
of the bankruptcy proceedings, which resulted in expected future
recoveries of 19% on a gross basis to be paid out over one to
three years. Expected future recoveries were then discounted to
1768% of par based on a combination of current market yields
for comparable notes and an evaluation of the risks associated
with the expected recoveries. The fair value of the
Companys Lehman Brother corporate debt securities was
$09million and $05million at December31,
2009 and 2008, respectively.   In 2009, the Company transferred into Level3 a small
number of asset-backed and mortgage-backed securities, due
mostly to the consensus prices being identified for further
analysis during the review of the pricing inputs as part of the
Companys 2009 process discussed previously. The estimated
fair values of Level3 asset-backed and mortgage-backed
securities were measured using either a discounted cash flow
analysis based on collateral specific assumptions or a price
that was considered indicative in nature. The total ending fair
value of these securities at December31, 2009 was
$24million.   In 2008, distressed debt instruments including Lehman as well
as various other securities for which current, observable market
data was not available were most often valued using non-binding
quotes from brokers or other indicative pricing sources. In
2009, the Company gave greater consideration to discounted cash
flow analyses, the results of which were compared to available
pricing data during the determination of fair value.   
87 Table of Contents   There were no changes in methodology or significant assumptions
in the fourth quarter of 2009 compared to the third quarter of
2009, with the exception of the fourth quarter event regarding
the insurer of one of the Companys municipal auction rate
securities factored into the valuation as described previously.   Derivatives   The Company employs a foreign currency risk management strategy
that periodically utilizes derivative instruments to protect its
interests from unanticipated fluctuations in earnings and cash
flows caused by volatility in currency exchange rates. Fair
values for the Companys derivative financial instruments
are based on pricing models or formulas using current market
data. Variables used in the calculations include forward points
and spot rates at the time of valuation. Because of the very
short duration of the Companys transactional hedges three
months or less and minimal risk of nonperformance, the
settlement price and exit price should approximate one another.
At December31, 2009 and 2008, all of the Companys
forward exchange contracts were designated as Level2
measurements in the fair value hierarchy. Refer to Note16
to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information
regarding the Companys derivatives.   Senior
Notes   In May 2008, the Company issued $350million of five-year
fixed rate senior unsecured notes and $300million of
ten-year fixed rate senior unsecured notes.   At December31, 2009, the fair values of the Companys
five-year and ten-year notes were estimated to be
$3605million and $3060million, respectively, based
on the prices the bonds have recently traded in the market as
well as prices of debt with similar characteristics issued by
other companies. The $6665million total fair value of the
debt is not recorded on the Companys Consolidated
Statements of Financial Position and is therefore excluded from
the 2009 fair value table above. The total carrying value of the
senior notes, net of $11million discount, was
$6489million on the December31, 2009 Consolidated
Statements of Financial Position.   At December31, 2008, the fair values of the Companys
five-year and ten-year notes were estimated to be
$2800million and $2250million, respectively, based
on current rates available to the Company for debt with similar
characteristics. The $5050million total fair value of the
debt is not recorded on the Companys Consolidated
Statements of Financial Position and is therefore excluded from
the 2008 fair value table above. The total carrying value of the
senior notes, net of $13million discount, is
$6487million on the Consolidated Statements of Financial
Position.   Refer to PartII, Item8, Note11 of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information
regarding the senior notes.   Plan
Assets   Plan assets must be measured at least annually in accordance
with accounting guidance on employers accounting for
pensions and employers accounting for postretirement
benefits other than pensions. The fair value measurement
guidance requires that the valuation of plan assets comply with
its definition of fair value, which is based on the notion of an
exit price and the maximization of observable inputs. The fair
value measurement guidance does not apply to the calculation of
pension and postretirement obligations since the liabilities are
not measured at fair value.   Refer to PartII, Item8, Note15 of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for disclosures regarding the
fair value of plan assets.   Other Financial
Instruments   The fair value of cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables,
trade payables and short-term debt approximates their carrying
values due to the relatively short-term nature of the
instruments.   
88 Table of Contents   Assets and
Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis
Subsequent to Initial Recognition   The Company did not apply fair value measurement guidance to any
of its 2008 nonrecurring, nonfinancial fair value measurements
as permitted by the FASB. Effective January1, 2009, the
Company began applying the provisions of the fair value
measurements guidance to its nonrecurring, nonfinancial
measurements as discussed below.   	
Based on   Fair Value at
Quoted Prices in
Other Observable
Unobservable
Total Gains
Total Gains
Dec31,
Active Markets
Inputs
Inputs
Losses
Losses
2009   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   4th Qtr 2009   YTD 2009   Private equity investment                              30     Long-lived assets held and used Leased Products     24               24     21        21        21        51     Private equity
investment   The Company purchased preferred shares of a private company for
$3million in the fourth quarter of 2008. In the third
quarter of 2009, the Company was notified of a new offering by
the investee at a price that was lower than the previous shares
sold. A short time later, the Company was notified that the
latest stock offering had failed to produce the necessary cash
flow to meet the investees needs and that the decision had
been made to temporarily suspend operations until such time that
the necessary capital could be raised. After considering these
events, the Company decided that the investment was more than
likely
other-than-temporarily
impaired and should be written down to its estimated fair value
through earnings. The Company believes that selling this
investment would be difficult and the investments exit
value, if any, would be difficult to substantiate. Given these
conditions and the high risk associated with such an investment,
the Company estimated the fair value to be of minimal value or
no value at all. The $3million investment was written off
in full to Other income expense, net on the
Consolidated Statements of Earnings in the third quarter of
2009. In the fourth quarter of 2009, the private company filed
bankruptcy under Chapter7 liquidation under the
U.S.Bankruptcy laws.   Long-lived assets
held and used   In the fourth quarter of 2008, the Company executed a five year
operating lease with a customer whereby Lexmark would install
and manage various printing devices over the contract period. In
the fourth quarter of 2009, sufficient information was available
that indicated the original cash flow and profitability
assumptions were different than the actual experience with the
customer. In accordance with the guidance on impairment or
disposal of long-lived assets, the leased products with a
carrying value of $45million were written down to their
fair value of $24million, resulting in an impairment
charge of $21million, which was included in Cost of
revenue in 2009. The fair value of $24million was
determined based on non-binding used retail prices in the
secondary market after considering the highest and best use of
the asset from the perspective of market participants in the
most advantageous market.   Business
Combinations   In the first quarter of 2009, the Company completed a step
acquisition of a wholesaler with an established presence in
Eastern Europe and an existing customer base of wholesale
distributors. In the fourth quarter of 2009, the Company
recorded measurement period adjustments which were immaterial
for separate disclosure. The acquisition was not a significant
business combination in terms of the investment made, assets
acquired, and income of the acquiree. The final cash
consideration given was approximately $11million. The
Company estimated fair value as required under FASB guidance for
business combinations using the valuation techniques described
below.   
89 Table of Contents   The accounting guidance for business combinations requires the
acquirer to recognize the identifiable assets acquired, the
liabilities assumed, and any noncontrolling interest in the
acquiree at their acquisition date fair values, with limited
exceptions. The identifiable assets and liabilities were made up
primarily of the customer relationships intangible asset as well
as various short-term monetary assets and liabilities. The
customer relationships intangible asset was determined using the
discounted cash flow method under the income approach. Based on
the historical sales trend of the acquiree and the analysis of
the market, the Company assumed an annual attrition rate of
three percent for the decrease in sales to the existing customer
base. The calculated fair value of the customer relationships
intangible asset, using a 10year time frame, was
$35million. The remaining identifiable assets and
liabilities were primarily cash, accounts receivable and
accounts payable whose book values already approximated fair
value. In a business combination achieved in stages, the
acquisition date fair value of the acquirers previously
held equity interest in the acquiree is included in the total
consideration for purposes of computing goodwill under the
acquisition method. The fair value of the Companys
previously held noncontrolling interest in the company was also
estimated using the income approach, specifically, the
discounted cash flow method. Significant assumptions included a
two percent revenue growth rate, based on a combination of
market research and internal forecasts, with calculations
performed over a five-year time frame plus the terminal year.
The Company believes the derived discount rate of 148% applied
to both discounted cash flow analyses reflects market
participant assumptions based on the risk of the asset and the
company acquired.   
4.
RESTRUCTURING AND
RELATED CHARGES   October 2009
Restructuring Plan   General   As part of Lexmarks ongoing plans to improve the
efficiency and effectiveness of all of our operations, the
Company announced restructuring actions the October 2009
Restructuring Plan on October20, 2009. The Company
continues its focus on refining its selling and service
organization, reducing its general and administrative expenses,
consolidating its cartridge manufacturing capacity, and
enhancing the efficiency of its supply chain infrastructure. The
actions taken will reduce cost and expense across the
organization, with a focus in manufacturing and supply chain,
service delivery overhead, marketing and sales support,
corporate overhead and development positions as well as reducing
cost through consolidation of facilities in supply chain and
cartridge manufacturing. The Company expects these actions to be
principally completed by the end of the first quarter of 2011.   The October 2009 Restructuring Plan is expected to impact about
825 positions worldwide and should result in total pre-tax
charges of approximately $800million. Charges of
$596million were incurred in 2009, with approximately
$204million expected to be incurred in 2010
2011. The company expects the total cash cost of this plan to be
approximately $650million.   The Company expects to incur total charges related to the
October 2009 Restructuring Plan of approximately
$580million in PSSD, approximately $90million in
ISD and approximately $130million in All other.   Impact to 2009
Financial Results   For the year ended December31, 2009, the Company incurred
charges of $596million for the October 2009 Restructuring
Plan as follows   	
Accelerated depreciation charges     62   Employee termination benefit charges   524   Contract termination and lease charges   10   Total restructuring-related charges     596   
90 Table of Contents   Accelerated depreciation charges for the October 2009
Restructuring Plan and all of the following plans were
determined in accordance with FASB guidance on accounting for
the impairment or disposal of long-lived assets. For the year
ended December31, 2009, accelerated depreciation charges
are included in Cost of Revenue on the Consolidated
Statements of Earnings.   Employee termination benefit charges and contract termination
and lease charges for the October 2009 Restructuring Plan and
all of the following plans were accrued in accordance with FASB
guidance on employers accounting for postemployment
benefits and guidance on accounting for costs associated with
exit or disposal activities, as appropriate. For the year ended
December31, 2009, employee termination benefit charges,
which include severance, medical and other benefits, and
contract termination and lease charges are included in
Restructuring and related charges on the Consolidated
Statements of Earnings.   For the year ended December31, 2009, the Company incurred
restructuring-related charges of $445million in PSSD,
$34million in ISD and $117million in All other.   Liability
Rollforward   The following table represents a rollforward of the liability
incurred for employee termination benefits and contract
termination and lease charges in connection with the October
2009 Restructuring Plan. Of the total $509million
restructuring liability, $236million is included in
Accrued liabilities and $273million is included in
Other liabilities on the Companys Consolidated
Statements of Financial Position.   	
Employee
Contract
Termination
Termination 
Benefits   Lease Charges   Total   Balance at January1, 2009                  Costs incurred   515   10   525   Payments
Other1   15        15     Reversals2   01        01     Balance at December31, 2009     499     10     509   
1
Other consists of changes in the
liability balance due to foreign currency translations.
2
Reversals due to changes in
estimates for employee termination benefits.
April 2009
Restructuring Plan   General   As part of Lexmarks ongoing plan to consolidate
manufacturing capacity and reduce costs and expenses worldwide,
the Company announced on April21, 2009 the planned closure
of its inkjet cartridge manufacturing facility in Juarez, Mexico
by the end of the first quarter of 2010 as well as the continued
restructuring of its worldwide workforce the April 2009
Restructuring Plan. The April 2009 Restructuring Plan is
expected to impact about 360 positions worldwide, with
approximately 270 coming from the closure of the facility in
Juarez, Mexico. The Company expects the April 2009 Restructuring
Plan will result in pre-tax charges of approximately
$451million with cash costs estimated at
$100million. The Company expects the April 2009
Restructuring Plan to be substantially completed by the end of
the second quarter of 2010.   Impact to 2009
Financial Results   For the year ended December31, 2009, the Company incurred
charges of $406million for the April 2009 Restructuring
Plan as follows   	
Accelerated depreciation charges     347   Employee termination benefit charges   59   Total restructuring-related charges     406   
91 Table of Contents   For the year ended December31, 2009, accelerated
depreciation charges are included in Cost of revenue, and
employee termination benefit charges are included in
Restructuring and related charges on the Consolidated
Statements of Earnings.   For the year ended December31, 2009, the Company incurred
restructuring-related charges of $29million in PSSD,
$368million in ISD and $09million in All other.   Liability
Rollforward   The following table represents a rollforward of the liability
incurred for employee termination benefits in connection with
the April 2009 Restructuring Plan. The liability is included in
Accrued liabilities on the Companys Consolidated
Statements of Financial Position.   	
Employee
Termination
Benefits   Balance at January1, 2009        Costs incurred   64   Payments Other
1   45     Reversals
2   06     Balance at December31, 2009     13   
1
Other consists of changes in the
liability balance due to foreign currency translations.
2
Reversals due to changes in
estimates for employee termination benefits.
2009
Restructuring Plan   General   In response to global economic weakening, the Company announced
the 2009 Restructuring Plan on January13,
2009. The 2009 Restructuring Plan impacted about 375 positions
through the end of 2009. The areas impacted include general and
administrative functions, supply chain and sales support,
research and development program consolidation, as well as
marketing and sales management. The 2009 Restructuring Plan was
substantially completed by the end of 2009.   Impact to 2009
Financial Results   For the year ended December31, 2009, the Company incurred
charges of $87million for the 2009 Restructuring Plan as
follows   	
Accelerated depreciation charges     03   Employee termination benefit charges   84   Total restructuring-related charges     87   For the year ended December31, 2009, accelerated
depreciation charges are included in Cost of revenue, and
employee termination benefit charges are included in
Restructuring and related charges on the Consolidated
Statements of Earnings.   For the year ended December31, 2009, the Company incurred
restructuring-related charges of $52million in PSSD,
$05million in ISD and $30million of All other.   Impact to 2008
Financial Results   For the year ended December31, 2008, the Company incurred
charges of $202million for the 2009 Restructuring Plan as
follows   	
Employee termination benefit charges     202   Total restructuring-related charges     202   
92 Table of Contents   For the year ended December31, 2008, the employee
termination benefit charges are included in Restructuring and
related charges on the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
Although the 2009 Restructuring Plan was announced in January
2009, the Company accrued $202million of employee
termination benefit charges in December 2008 in accordance with
FASB guidance on employers accounting for postemployment
benefits because the charges were probable and estimable for the
2008year-end reporting period.   For the year ended December31, 2008, the Company incurred
restructuring-related charges of $155million in PSSD,
$17million in ISD and $30million in All other.   Liability
Rollforward   The following table represents a rollforward of the liability
incurred for employee termination benefits in connection with
the 2009 Restructuring Plan. The liability is included in
Accrued liabilities on the Companys Consolidated
Statements of Financial Position.   	
Employee
Termination
Benefits   Balance at January1, 2008        Costs incurred   207   Payments other
1   05     Balance at December31, 2008   202   Costs incurred   98   Payments other
1   210     Reversals
2   21     Balance at December31, 2009     69   
1
Other consists of changes in the
liability balance due to foreign currency translations.
2
Reversals due to changes in
estimates for employee termination benefits.
2008
Restructuring Plan   General   To enhance the efficiency of the Companys inkjet cartridge
manufacturing operations, the Company announced the 2008
Restructuring Plan on July22, 2008 that resulted in the
closure of one of the Companys inkjet supplies
manufacturing facilities in Mexico. The 2008 Restructuring Plan
was substantially completed by the end of the first quarter of
2009.   Impact to 2009
Financial Results   For the year ended December31, 2009, the Company reversed
$15million of previously accrued accelerated depreciation
costs that were incorrectly recorded. The reversal was incurred
in the Companys ISD segment and is included in Cost of
revenue on the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.   Impact to 2008
Financial Results   For the year ended December31, 2008, the Company incurred
charges of $210million in ISD for the 2008 Restructuring
Plan as follows   	
Accelerated depreciation charges     180   Employee termination benefit charges   30   Total restructuring-related charges     210   
93 Table of Contents   For the year ended December31, 2008, accelerated
depreciation charges are included in Cost of revenue, and
employee termination benefit charges are included in
Restructuring and related charges on the Consolidated
Statements of Earnings.   Liability
Rollforward   The following table presents a rollforward of the liability
incurred for employee termination benefits in connection with
the 2008 Restructuring Plan. The liability is included in
Accrued liabilities on the Companys Consolidated
Statements of Financial Position.   	
Employee
Termination
Benefits   Balance at January1, 2008        Costs incurred   34   Payments
other1   22     Reversals2   04     Balance at December31, 2008   08   Payments
other1   08     Balance at December31, 2009        
1
Other consists of changes in the liability balance due to
foreign currency translations.   
2
Reversals due to changes in estimates for employee termination
benefits.   2007
Restructuring Plan   General   On October23, 2007, the Company announced the 2007
Restructuring Plan, which included   
Closing one of the Companys inkjet supplies manufacturing
facilities in Mexico and additional optimization measures at the
remaining inkjet facilities in Mexico and the Philippines   
Reducing the Companys business support cost and expense
structure by further consolidating activity globally and
expanding the use of shared service centers in lower-cost
regions the areas impacted are supply chain, service
delivery, general and administrative expense, as well as
marketing and sales support functions;and   
Focusing consumer segment marketing and sales efforts into
countries or geographic regions that have the highest supplies
usage.   The 2007 Restructuring Plan was substantially completed by the
end of the first quarter of 2009. In the fourth quarter of 2009,
the Company incurred $39million in additional
restructuring-related charges as a result of revisions in
previous estimates. The Company expects any remaining charges
related to the 2007 Restructuring Plan to be immaterial.   Impact to 2009
Financial Results   For the year ended December31, 2009, the Company incurred
charges of $53million for the 2007 Restructuring Plan as
follows   	
Accelerated depreciation charges     18   Employee termination benefit charges   31   Contract termination and lease charges   04   Total restructuring-related charges     53   For the year ended December31, 2009, the Company incurred
$17million of accelerated depreciation charges in Cost
of revenue and $01million in Selling, general and
administrative on the Consolidated   
94 Table of Contents   Statements of Earnings. The employee termination benefit charges
and contract termination and lease charges are included in
Restructuring and related charges on the Consolidated
Statements of Earnings.   For the year ended December31, 2009 the Company incurred
restructuring-related charges reversals of $31million
in PSSD, $07million in ISD and $29million in All
other. The $07million represents a reversal of
previously accrued accelerated depreciation costs that were
incorrectly recorded.   Impact to 2008
Financial Results   For the year ended December31, 2008, the Company incurred
charges of $215million for the 2007 Restructuring Plan as
follows   	
Accelerated depreciation charges     173   Employee termination benefit charges   07     Contract termination and lease charges   49   Total restructuring-related charges     215   For the year ended December31, 2008, the Company incurred
$92million of accelerated depreciation charges in Cost
of revenue and $81million in Selling, general and
administrative on the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
Employee termination benefit charges and contract termination
and lease charges are included in Restructuring and related
charges on the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.   For the year ended December31, 2008, the Company incurred
restructuring-related charges of $46million in PSSD,
$03million in ISD and $166million in All other.   During the third quarter of 2008, the Company sold one of its
inkjet supplies manufacturing facilities in Juarez, Mexico for
$46million and recognized a $11million pre-tax
gain on the sale that is included in Selling, general and
administrative on the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.   Impact to 2007
Financial Results   For the year ended December31, 2007, the Company incurred
$308million for the 2007 Restructuring plan as follows   	
Accelerated depreciation charges     51   Employee termination benefit charges   257   Total restructuring-related charges     308   The accelerated depreciation charges are included in Cost of
revenue and the employee termination benefits are included
in Restructuring and related charges on the Consolidated
Statements of Earnings. Of the $308million of
restructuring-related charges, the Company incurred
$65million in PSSD, $139million in ISD and
$104million in All other.   
95 Table of Contents   Liability
Rollforward   The following table presents a rollforward of the liability
incurred for employee termination benefits and contract
termination and lease charges in connection with the 2007
Restructuring Plan. The ending liability of $120million
is included in Accrued liabilities on the Companys
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. Of the
$162million restructuring liability on December31,
2008, $149million is included in Accrued liabilities
and $13million is included in Other liabilities
on the Companys Consolidated Statements of Financial
Position.   	
Employee
Contract
Termination
Termination 
Benefits   Lease Charges   Total   Balance at January1, 2008     211          211   Costs incurred   71   49   120   Payments
other1   83     07     90     Reversals2   79        79     Balance at December31, 2008     120     42     162   Costs incurred   39   04   43   Payments
other1   43     34     77     Reversals2   08        08     Balance at December31, 2009     108     12     120   
1
Other consists of changes in the
liability balance due to foreign currency translations.
2
Reversals due to changes in
estimates for employee termination benefits.
2006
Restructuring Plan   General   During the first quarter of 2006, the Company approved a plan to
restructure its workforce, consolidate manufacturing capacity
and make certain changes to its U.S.retirement plans
collectively referred to as the 2006 actions.
Except for approximately 100 positions that were eliminated in
2007, activities related to the 2006 actions were substantially
completed at the end of 2006.   Impact to 2009
Financial Results   For the year ended December31, 2009, the Company reversed
$06million of previously accrued employee termination
benefits. The reversal is included in Restructuring and
related charges on the Consolidated Statements of Earnings
and was incurred in the PSSD segment.   Impact to 2008
Financial Results   For the year ended December31, 2008, the Company reversed
$15million of previously accrued employee termination
benefits, and accrued an additional $09million of
contract termination and lease charges due to a revision in
assumptions due to current economic conditions. The net reversal
is included in Restructuring and related charges on the
Companys Consolidated Statements of Earnings. Of the net
$06million reversed in 2008, the Company recognized
$03million in PSSD and $03million in All other.   Impact to 2007
Financial Results   In 2007, the Company sold its Rosyth, Scotland facility for
$81million and recognized a $35million pre-tax
gain on the sale that is included in Selling, general and
administrative on the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
Also in 2007, the Company substantially liquidated the remaining
operations of its Scotland entity and recognized an
$81million pre-tax gain from the realization of the
entitys accumulated foreign currency translation
adjustment generated on the investment in the entity during its
operating life. This gain is included in Other income
expense, net on the Companys Consolidated Statements
of Earnings.   
96 Table of Contents   Liability
Rollforward   The following table presents a rollforward of the liability
incurred for employee termination benefits and contract
termination and lease charges in connection with the 2006
actions. Of the ending $12million restructuring
liability, $05million is included in Accrued
liabilities and $07million is included in Other
liabilities on the Companys Consolidated Statements of
Financial Position. Of the $21million restructuring
liability on December31, 2008, $10million is
included in Accrued liabilities and $11million is
included in Other liabilities on the Companys
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.   	
Employee
Contract
Termination
Termination 
Benefits   Lease Charges   Total   Balance at January1, 2008     104     14     118   Costs incurred     10   10   Payments
other1   78     07     85     Reversals2   22        22     Balance at December31, 2008     04     17     21   Payments
other1   02   05     03     Reversals2   06        06     Balance at December31, 2009          12     12   
1
Other consists of changes in the
liability balance due to foreign currency translations. In 2009,
amounts for employee termination benefits are due entirely to
foreign currency translations.
2
Reversals due to changes in
estimates for employee termination benefits.
General   As noted in the review of the 2008 and 2007 restructuring plans,
the Company reversed in 2009 a combined $22million of
previously accrued accelerated depreciation costs that were
incorrectly recorded. The Company does not believe this
adjustment is material to its Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended December31, 2009 or to any prior
years Consolidated Financial Statements.   
5.
STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION   Lexmark has various stock incentive plans to encourage employees
and nonemployee directors to remain with the Company and to more
closely align their interests with those of the Companys
stockholders. As of December31, 2009, awards under the
programs consisted of stock options, restricted stock units
RSUs and deferred stock units DSUs.
The Company currently issues the majority of shares related to
its stock incentive plans from the Companys authorized and
unissued shares of ClassA Common Stock. Approximately
493million shares of ClassA Common Stock have been
authorized for these stock incentive plans.   For the years ended December31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, the
Company incurred pre-tax stock-based compensation expense of
$207million, $328million and $413million,
respectively, in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.   The following table presents a breakout of the stock-based
compensation expense recognized for the years ended December 31   	
2009   2008   2007     Cost of revenue     13     28     34   Research and development   31   51   62   Selling, general and administrative   163   249   317   Stock-based compensation expense before income taxes   207   328   413   Income tax benefit   69     122     159     Stock-based compensation expense after income taxes     138     206     254   
97 Table of Contents   Under the Companys stock incentive plans, awards granted
to certain employees who meet age
and/or
service requirements prescribed in the plan will continue to
vest after the employees retirement with no additional
service requirements. Prior to the adoption of the FASB
share-based payment guidance, the Company recognized cost, on a
pro forma basis, over the stipulated vesting period of these
awards. Per SEC guidance, the Company is continuing to account
for these awards in this manner subsequent to the adoption of
the share-based payment guidance. For any awards granted after
the adoption of the share-based payment guidance to employees
who meet the age
and/or
service requirements, the Company is recognizing the cost of
these awards over the period that the employee is required to
provide service until the employee may retire and continue to
vest in these awards. The change in method of accounting for
these awards is not material for any periods presented.   On December31, 2005, Lexmark accelerated the vesting of
certain unvested
out-of-the-money
stock options with exercise prices equal to or greater than
$8000 per share. These options, which were previously awarded
to its employees under the Companys equity compensation
plans, would have otherwise vested in the years 2006 through
2008. The vesting was effective for approximately
24million unvested options, or 39% of the Companys
total outstanding unvested options as of December31, 2005.
Acceleration of options held by non-employee directors and
executive officers were not included in the vesting
acceleration. The acceleration of these options eliminated
future compensation expense the Company would otherwise have
recognized in its income statement with respect to these
accelerated options upon the adoption of the share-based payment
guidance. As a result of the acceleration, the Company
recognized an additional $25million pre-tax of
stock-based employee compensation expense in the 2005 pro forma
disclosure information provided in the 2007
10-K filing.   Stock
Options   Generally, options expire ten years from the date of grant.
Options granted during 2009, 2008 and 2007, vest in
approximately equal annual installments over a three-year period
based upon continued employment or service on the Board of
Directors.   During 2009, the Company granted a total of 559,000
performance-based stock options to a small number of senior
managers. The terms of the award require satisfaction of both a
performance condition and a service condition for the award
recipient to become vested in the stock option. The performance
measure selected for the award is free operating cash flow over
four consecutive quarters. As of December31, 2009 the
performance goal has been achieved and the stock options will
become vested and exercisable upon satisfaction of the service
condition 34% at year 2, 33% at year 4 and 33% at year 6.   For the year ended December31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, the
weighted average fair value of options granted were $618,
$1123 and $1852 respectively. The fair value of each option
award on the grant date was estimated using the Black-Scholes
option-pricing model with the following assumptions   	
2009   2008   2007     Expected dividend yield          Expected stock price volatility   35     33     30     Weighted average risk-free interest rate   21     30     47     Weighted average expected life of options years   56   49   40   
98 Table of Contents   A summary of the status of the Companys stock-based
compensation plans as of December31, 2009, 2008 and 2007,
and changes during the years then ended is presented below   	
Weighted
Weighted
Average
Average
Aggregate
Exercise
Remaining
Intrinsic
Options
Price
Contractual
Value
In Millions   Per Share   Life Years   In Millions   Outstanding at December31, 2006   114     6765   56     1382   Granted   06   6039   Exercised   03     3402   Forfeited or canceled   05     7839   Outstanding at December31, 2007   112     6782   49     22   Granted   06   3289   Exercised   02     2325   Forfeited or canceled   11     7042   Outstanding at December31, 2008   105     6616   43        Granted   06   1712   Exercised   00     Forfeited or canceled   15     6515   Outstanding at December31, 2009   96     6346   40     50   Exercisable at December31, 2007   95     6852   45     22   Exercisable at December31, 2008   92     6814   38        Exercisable at December31, 2009   85     6792   34        There were no options exercised during 2009. For the years ended
December31, 2008 and 2007, the total intrinsic value of
options exercised was $18million and $77million,
respectively. As of December31, 2009, the Company had
$42million of total unrecognized compensation expense,
net of estimated forfeitures, related to unvested stock options
that will be recognized over the weighted average period of
26years.   Restricted Stock
and Deferred Stock Units   Lexmark has granted RSUs with various vesting periods and
generally these awards vest based upon continued service with
the Company or continued service on the Board of Directors. As
of December31, 2009, the Company has issued DSUs to
certain members of management who elected to defer all or a
portion of their annual bonus into such units and to certain
nonemployee directors who elected to defer all or a portion of
their annual retainer, chair retainer
and/or
meeting fees into such units. These DSUs are 100% vested when
issued. The Company has also issued supplemental DSUs to certain
members of management upon the election to defer all or a
portion of an annual bonus into DSUs. These supplemental DSUs
vest at the end of five years based upon continued employment
with the Company. The cost of the RSUs and supplemental DSUs,
generally determined to be the fair market value of the shares
at the date of grant, is charged to compensation expense ratably
over the vesting period of the award.   During 2009 a certain number of senior managers of the Company
were also granted additional RSU awards having a performance
condition, which could range from 78,339 RSUs to 235,014 RSUs
depending on the level of achievement. The performance measure
selected to indicate the level of achievement is return on net
assets minus cash and marketable securities. The performance
period ended on December31, 2009. The Companys
assessment as of December31, 2009 is that the minimum
level of achievement has not been met and as a result these
awards were cancelled.   
99 Table of Contents   A summary of the status of the Companys RSU and DSU grants
as of December31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, and changes during
the years then ended is presented below   	
Weighted
Weighted
Average
Average
Grant Date
Remaining
Aggregate
Units
Fair Value
Contractual
Intrinsic Value
In Millions   Per Share   Life Years   In Millions   RSUs and DSUs at December31, 2006   08     5284   35     619   Granted   05   5608   Vested   01     5862   Forfeited or canceled     5443   RSUs and DSUs at December31, 2007   12     5379   26     426   Granted   06   3321   Vested   02     5197   Forfeited or canceled   01     5248   RSUs and DSUs at December31, 2008   15     4584   23     397   Granted   08   1894   Vested   04     5412   Forfeited or canceled   02     4153   RSUs and DSUs at December31, 2009   17     3241   22     445   For the years ended December31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, the
total fair value of RSUs and DSUs that vested was
$81million, $84million, and $32million,
respectively. As of December31, 2009, the Company had
$226million of total unrecognized compensation expense,
net of estimated forfeitures, related to RSUs and DSUs that will
be recognized over the weighted average period of 30years.   
6.
MARKETABLE SECURITIES   The Company evaluates its marketable securities in accordance
with authoritative guidance on accounting for investments in
debt and equity securities, and has determined that all of its
investments in marketable securities should be classified as
available-for-sale
and reported at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses
recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive loss. At
December31, 2009, the Companys marketable securities
portfolio consisted of asset-backed and mortgage-backed
securities, corporate debt securities, preferred and municipal
debt securities, government and agency debt securities, and
auction rate securities. The fair values of the Companys
available-for-sale
marketable securities are based on quoted market prices or other
observable market data, discount cash flow analyses, or in some
cases, the Companys amortized cost which approximates fair
value.   As of December31, 2009, the Companys
available-for-sale
Marketable securities had gross unrealized gains and
losses of $35million and $44million, respectively,
and consisted of the following   	
Gross
Gross
Amortized
Unrealized
Unrealized
Estimated
In Millions   Cost   Gains   Losses   Fair Value     Auction rate securities municipal debt     203          17        186   Corporate debt securities   3016   13   06     3023   Govt and agency debt securities   3058   09   01     3066   Asset-backed and mortgage-backed securities   1002   13   14     1001   Total debt securities   7279   35   38     7276   Auction rate securities preferred   40     06     34   Total security investments   7319   35   44     7310   Cash equivalents   358          358     Total marketable securities     6961     35     44        6952   
100 Table of Contents   At December31, 2008, the Companys
available-for-sale
Marketable securities consisted of the following   	
Gross
Gross
Amortized
Unrealized
Unrealized
Estimated
Cost   Gains   Losses   Fair Value     Auction rate securities municipal debt     214          05        209   Corporate debt securities   1627   09   19     1617   Govt and agency debt securities   4589   50     4639   Asset-backed and mortgage-backed securities   1095   06   57     1044   Total debt securities   7525   65   81     7509   Auction rate securities preferred   40     01     39   Total security investments   7565   65   82     7548   Cash equivalents   360          360     Total marketable securities     7205     65     82        7188   Although contractual maturities of the Companys investment
in debt securities may be greater than one year, the majority of
investments are classified as Current assets in the
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position due to the
Companys expected holding period of less than one year. As
of December31, 2009 and 2008, auction rate securities of
$220million and $247million, respectively, are
classified in noncurrent assets due to the fact that the
securities have experienced unsuccessful auctions and that poor
debt market conditions have reduced the likelihood that the
securities will successfully auction within the next
12months. The contractual maturities of the Companys
available-for-sale
marketable securities noted above are shown below. Expected
maturities may differ from contractual maturities for certain
securities that allow for call or prepayment provisions.   	
2009   2008   Amortized
Estimated
Amortized
Estimated
In Millions   Cost   Fair Value   Cost   Fair Value     Due in less than one year     2789     2794     4640     4660   Due in 1-5years   3826   3836   1874   1886   Due after 5years   704   680   1051   1002   Total
available-for-sale
marketable securities     7319     7310     7565     7548   For the twelve months ended December31, 2009, proceeds
from the sales and maturities of the Companys
available-for-sale
marketable securities were $2150million and
$6797million, respectively. For the twelve months ended
December31, 2008, proceeds from the sales and maturities
of the Companys
available-for-sale
marketable securities were $917million and
$4421million, respectively.   For the year ended December31, 2009, the Company
recognized $27million in net losses on its marketable
securities; of which $04million is net realized gains
included in Other income expense, net on the
Consolidated Statements of Earnings, and $31million is
recognized as
other-than-temporary
impairment due to credit related losses and is included in
Net impairment losses on securities on the Consolidated
Statements of Earnings. The $04million net realized gain
includes a $02million loss recognized in earnings as
other-than-temporary
impairment in the first quarter of 2009. The $02million
loss is included in Other income expense, net on the
Consolidated Statements of Earnings as the Company did not adopt
the provisions of the amended FASB guidance on recognition and
presentation of
other-than-temporary
impairments until April1, 2009 as permitted by the
guidance. See discussion further below on the Companys
adoption of this guidance.   For the year ended December31, 2008, the Company
recognized $79million in net losses on its marketable
securities, of which $73million was recognized as
other-than-temporary
impairment and $06million was net realized losses. The
$79million net loss is included in Other income
expense, net on the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. The
realized gains and losses in 2007 were immaterial. The   
101 Table of Contents   Company uses the specific identification method when accounting
for the costs of its
available-for-sale
marketable securities sold.   Impairment   On April1, 2009, the Company adopted the amended FASB
guidance on the recognition and presentation of OTTI, which
requires that credit related
other-than-temporary
impairment on debt securities be recognized in earnings while
noncredit related
other-than-temporary
impairment of debt securities not expected to be sold be
recognized in other comprehensive income. See Note2 for
the Companys policy on evaluating its marketable
securities for OTTI.   In accordance with the new guidance, the noncredit related
portion of
other-than-temporary
impairment losses recognized in prior earnings was reclassified
as a cumulative effect adjustment that increased retained
earnings and decreased accumulated other comprehensive income at
April1, 2009. In periods prior to adoption of the new
guidance, a total of $75million had been recognized
through earnings as
other-than-temporary
impairment. Upon adoption the Company recorded a cumulative
effect increase to retained earnings, and to the amortized cost
of previously
other-than-temporarily
impaired debt securities that increased the gross unrealized
losses on
available-for-sale
securities by $21million. The cumulative effect
adjustment to retained earnings at April1, 2009 totaled
$14million net of tax.   For the year ended December31, 2009, the following table
provides a summary of the total
other-than-temporary
impairment losses incurred, the portion recognized in
Accumulated other comprehensive loss for the noncredit
portion of
other-than-temporary
impairment, and the net credit losses recognized in Net
impairment losses on securities on the Consolidated
Statements of Earnings   	
In Millions   2009     Total
other-than-temporary
impairment losses on securities     46   Portion of loss recognized in other comprehensive income before
tax   15     Net impairment losses on securities     31   The $31million credit loss is made up of
$06million for
other-than-temporary
impairment related to asset-backed and mortgage-backed
securities, $12million for
other-than-temporary
impairment related to certain distressed corporate debt
securities, and $13million for
other-than-temporary
impairment related to certain auction rate securities. As of
December31, 2009, the Company has recognized a cumulative,
pre-tax valuation allowance of $09million included in
Accumulated other comprehensive loss representing a
temporary impairment of the overall portfolio.   The following table presents the amounts recognized in earnings
for
other-than-temporary
impairments related to credit losses for which a portion of
total
other-than-temporary
impairment was recognized in other comprehensive income   	
In Millions     Beginning balance of amounts related to credit losses,
January1, 2009        Credit losses on debt securities for which OTTI was not
previously recognized   12   Additional credit losses on debt securities for which OTTI was
previously recognized   19   Ending balance of amounts related to credit losses,
December31, 2009     31   The following table provides information, at December31,
2009, about the Companys marketable securities with gross
unrealized losses for which no
other-than-temporary
impairment has been incurred, and the length of time that
individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss   
102 Table of Contents   position. The gross unrealized loss of $37million,
pre-tax, is recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income   	
Less than 12 Months   12 Months or More   Total   Fair
Unrealized
Fair
Unrealized
Fair
Unrealized
In Millions   Value   Loss   Value   Loss   Value   Loss     Auction rate securities               206     23        206     23     Corporate debt securities   1350   03     26   02     1376   05     Asset-backed and
mortgage-backed securities   383   01     74   07     457   08     Government and Agency   1074   01          1074   01     Total     2807     05        306     32        3113     37     The following table provides information, at December31,
2009, about the Companys marketable securities with gross
unrealized losses for which
other-than-temporary
impairment has been incurred, and the length of time that
individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss
position. The gross unrealized loss of $07million,
pre-tax, is recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income   	
Less than 12 Months   12 Months or More   Total   Fair
Unrealized
Fair
Unrealized
Fair
Unrealized
In Millions   Value   Loss   Value   Loss   Value   Loss     Corporate debt securities               01     01        01     01     Asset-backed and
mortgage-backed securities        65   06     65   06     Total               66     07        66     07     The table below is a summary of the Companys marketable
securities at December31, 2008, for which the fair value
is less than cost impaired, and for which
other-than-temporary
impairments have not been recognized.   	
Less than 12 Months   12months or More   Total   Fair
Unrealized
Fair
Unrealized
Fair
Unrealized
In Millions   Value   Loss   Value   Loss   Value   Loss     Auction rate securities     227     06                  227     06     Corporate debt securities   424   08     260   11     684   19     Asset-backed and
mortgage-backed securities   540   36     101   21     641   57     Total     1191     50        361     32        1552     82     As of February26, 2010, the Company does not believe that
it has a material risk in its current portfolio of investments
that would impact its financial condition or liquidity.   Auction rate
securities   The Companys valuation process for its auction rate
security portfolio began with a credit analysis of each
instrument. Under this method, the security is analyzed for
factors impacting its future cash flows, such as the underlying
collateral, credit ratings, credit insurance or other
guarantees, and the level of seniority of the specific tranche
of the security. The discount rate used to determine the present
value of cash flows expected to be collected is based on those
outlined in the authoritative guidance on creditors
accounting for impairment of a loan. In this method, the
interest rate used for amortizing the security is used to derive
the present value with no adjustment to the discount rate for
increases in credit risk or other risk factors and the present
value will generally be significantly different from par only if
estimated cash flows are significantly different from
contractual cash flows. Based on the analysis, the estimated
future cash flows are equal to contractual cash flows for all
but one auction rate security for which the amount related to
credit loss has been written down through earnings. The Company
has the intent to hold the remaining   
103 Table of Contents   securities until liquidity in the market or optional issuer
redemption occurs, and it is not more likely than not that the
Company will be required to sell these securities before
anticipated recovery. Additionally, if Lexmark required capital,
the Company has available liquidity through its accounts
receivable program and revolving credit facility.   Corporate debt
securities   Credit losses for the Companys corporate debt securities
are due to its holdings in certain Lehman Brothers medium term
notes. Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. filed a petition for
bankruptcy in September of 2008 seeking relief under
Chapter11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code. In order
to determine the cash flows expected to be collected the Company
considered certain drivers that centered on determining the
value of the underlying assets, the likelihood of residual
proceeds after all amounts owed are settled with creditors, and
the timeframe in which this may occur. Any unrealized losses on
the Companys remaining corporate debt securities are
attributable to market illiquidity and interest rate effects and
are not due to credit quality. Because the Company does not
intend to sell and will not be required to sell the securities
before recovery of their net book values, which may be at
maturity, the Company does not consider the remainder of its
corporate debt portfolio to be
other-than-temporarily
impaired at December31, 2009.   Asset-backed and
mortgage-backed securities   Credit losses for the asset-backed and mortgage-backed
securities were derived by examining the most significant
drivers affecting loan performance such as original
loan-to-value
ratio, underlying property location and current loan status.
These drivers were further divided in order to separate the
underlying collateral into distinct groups based on loan
performance characteristics in order to apply different
assumptions to each group. For instance, higher default curves
were applied to higher risk categories such as collateral that
exhibits higher
loan-to-value
ratios, those loans originated in high risk states where home
appreciation has suffered the most severe correction, and those
loans which exhibit longer delinquency rates. Based on these
characteristics, collateral-specific assumptions were applied to
build a model to project future cash flows expected to be
collected. These cash flows were then discounted at the current
yield used to accrete the beneficial interest, which
approximates the effective interest rate implicit in the bond at
the date of acquisition for those securities purchased at par.   U.S. Treasury and
Government Agency securities   The unrealized losses on the Companys investments in
U.S.Treasury and U.S.government agency securities
were the result of interest rate effects. Because the Company
does not intend to sell the securities and it is not more likely
than not that the Company will be required to sell the
securities before recovery of their net book values, the Company
does not consider these investments to be
other-than-temporarily
impaired at December31, 2009   
7.
TRADE RECEIVABLES   The Companys trade receivables are reported in the
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position net of allowances
for doubtful accounts and product returns. Trade receivables
consisted of the following at December 31   	
2009   2008     Gross trade receivables     4586     4634   Allowances   337     361     Trade receivables, net     4249     4273   In the U.S., the Company transfers a majority of its receivables
to its wholly-owned subsidiary, Lexmark Receivables Corporation
LRC, which then may transfer the receivables on a
limited recourse basis to an unrelated third party. The
financial results of LRC are included in the Companys
consolidated financial results since it is a wholly owned
subsidiary. LRC is a separate legal entity with its own separate
creditors   
104 Table of Contents   who, in a liquidation of LRC, would be entitled to be satisfied
out of LRCs assets prior to any value in LRC becoming
available for equity claims of the Company. The Company accounts
for transfers of receivables from LRC to the unrelated third
party as a secured borrowing with the pledge of its receivables
as collateral since LRC can repurchase receivables previously
transferred to the unrelated third party. The maximum capital
available under the facility is $100million. In October
2009, the agreement was amended to extend the term of the
facility to October1, 2010.   This facility contains customary affirmative and negative
covenants as well as specific provisions related to the quality
of the accounts receivables transferred. As collections reduce
previously transferred receivables, the Company may replenish
these with new receivables. Lexmark bears a limited risk of bad
debt losses on the trade receivables transferred, since the
Company over-collateralizes the receivables transferred with
additional eligible receivables. Lexmark addresses this risk of
loss in its allowance for doubtful accounts. Receivables
transferred to the unrelated third-party may not include amounts
over 90days past due or concentrations over certain limits
with any one customer. The facility also contains customary cash
control triggering events which, if triggered, could adversely
affect the Companys liquidity
and/or its
ability to obtain secured borrowings. A downgrade in the
Companys credit rating would reduce the amount of secured
borrowings available under the facility.   At the end of years 2009 and 2008, there were no secured
borrowings under the facility. Expenses incurred under this
program totaled $04million, $03million and
$06million in 2009, 2008 and 2007 respectively. The
expenses are primarily included in Other income expense,
net on the Consolidated Statements of Earnings in 2009 and
2007. In 2008, the expenses are included in Interest income
expense, net on the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.   
8.
INVENTORIES   Inventories consisted of the following at December 31   	
2009   2008     Work in process     679     1024   Finished goods   2894   3359   Inventories     3573     4383   
9.
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT   Property, plant and equipment consisted of the following
at December 31   	
Useful Lives
Years   2009   2008     Land and improvements   20     340     332   Buildings and improvements   10-35   5372   5286   Machinery and equipment   2-10   8977   9658   Information systems   3-4   1246   1373   Internal use software   3-5   3323   2615   Leased products   2-5   535   302   Furniture and other   7   566   643   2,0359   2,0209   Accumulated depreciation   1,1210     1,1577     Property, plant and equipment, net     9149     8632   Depreciation expense was $2091million,
$2032million, and $1910million in 2009, 2008 and
2007, respectively.   The increase in Property, plant and equipment, net was due to a
number of factors of which the primary driver was current year
expenditures related to internal use software.   
105 Table of Contents   Leased products refers to hardware leased by Lexmark to certain
customers as part of the Companys PSSD operations. The
cost of the hardware is amortized over the life of the
contracts, which have been classified as operating leases based
on the terms of the arrangements. The accumulated depreciation
related to the Companys leased products was
$278million and $110million at year-end 2009 and
2008, respectively.   Accelerated
depreciation and disposal of long-lived assets   The Companys restructuring actions have resulted in
shortened estimated useful lives of certain machinery and
equipment and buildings and subsequent disposal of machinery and
equipment no longer in use. Refer to PartII, Item8,
Note4 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for a discussion of these actions and the impact on earnings.   Long-lived assets
held for sale   Related to the 2008 restructuring plan, one of the
Companys inkjet supplies manufacturing facilities in
Mexico was made available for sale in the first quarter of 2009.
The asset is included in Property, plant and equipment, net
on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position as of
December31, 2009 at the lower of its carrying amount or
fair value less costs to sell in accordance with guidance on
accounting for the impairment or disposal of long-lived assets.
The carrying value of the building and land available for sale
was approximately $5million at December31, 2009. It
is estimated that the fair value of the site is approximately
$6million based on the conditional sale agreement signed
by the Company and a potential buyer in the fourth quarter of
2009. In the prior quarter, it was estimated that the fair value
of the site was approximately $7million based on an
average of the fair values calculated under the income approach
and market approach. The income approach was based on a
hypothetical leasing arrangement which considered a regional
rental market price per square foot assumption as well as a five
year customary lease term. The market approach was based on
adjusted prices for sales of realty considered comparable to the
site. The Company used the deposit method of accounting for the
initial investment of $08million received from the buyer
and anticipates derecognizing the asset in the second quarter of
2010 based on the agreed upon payment schedule. There were no
fair value adjustments recorded in 2009 related to the site made
available for sale.   Related to the 2007 restructuring plan, the Companys
Orleans, France facility was made available for sale in the
second quarter of 2009. The asset is included in Property,
plant and equipment, net on the Consolidated Statements of
Financial Position as of December31, 2009 at the lower of
its carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell in
accordance with guidance on accounting for the impairment or
disposal of long-lived assets. At the completion of the
accelerated depreciation, the facilitys carrying value was
approximately $7million upon qualifying as held for sale.
The fair value of the site is estimated to be in the range of
$7million to $8million based on non-binding price
quotes from a market participant and considering the highest and
best use of the asset for sale. The Company believes it will
likely sell the facility in 2010.   
10.
ACCRUED LIABILITIES AND OTHER LIABILITIES   Accrued liabilities, in the current liabilities section
of the balance sheet, consisted of the following at December 31   	
2009   2008     Deferred revenue     1197     950   Compensation   1118   1146   Copyright fees   699   1177   Marketing programs   698   704   Other   3105   2972   Accrued liabilities     6817     6949   
106 Table of Contents   Changes in the Companys warranty liability for standard
warranties and deferred revenue for extended warranties, are
presented in the tables below   Warranty Liability   	
2009   2008     Balance at January 1     509     623   Accruals for warranties issued   841   1006   Accruals related to pre-existing warranties including changes
in estimates   44   06   Settlements made in cash or in kind   928     1126     Balance at December 31     466     509   Deferred service revenue   	
2009   2008     Balance at January 1     2037     1889   Revenue deferred for new extended warranty contracts   806   926   Revenue recognized   884     778     Balance at December 31     1959     2037   Current portion   829   829   Non-current portion   1130   1208   Balance at December 31     1959     2037   Both the short-term portion of warranty and the short-term
portion of extended warranty are included in Accrued
liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of Financial
Position. Both the long-term portion of warranty and the
long-term portion of extended warranty are included in Other
liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of Financial
Position. The split between the short-term and long-term portion
of the warranty liability is not disclosed separately above due
to immaterial amounts in the long-term portion.   Other liabilities, in the noncurrent liabilities section
of the balance sheet, consisted of the following at December 31   	
2009   2008     Pension/Postretirement     2193     3194   Deferred revenue   1199   1253   Other   1607   1024   Other liabilities     4999     5471   
11.
DEBT   Senior
Notes Long-term Debt and Current Portion of
Long-term Debt   In May 2008, the Company repaid its $150million principal
amount of 675%senior notes that were due on May15,
2008. Additionally, in May 2008, the Company completed a public
debt offering of $650million aggregate principal amount of
fixed rate senior unsecured notes. The notes are split into two
tranches of five- and ten-year notes respectively. The five-year
notes with an aggregate principal amount of $350million
and 59% coupon were priced at 9983% to have an effective yield
to maturity of 5939% and will mature June1, 2013
referred to as the 2013 senior notes. The ten-year
notes with an aggregate principal amount of $300million
and 665% coupon were priced at 9973% to have an effective
yield to maturity of 6687% and will mature June1, 2018
referred to as the 2018 senior notes. At
December31, 2009, the outstanding balance was
$6489million net of unamortized discount of
$11million. At December31, 2008, the outstanding
balance was $6487million net of unamortized discount of
$13million.   
107 Table of Contents   The 2013 and 2018 senior notes collectively referred to as the
senior notes pay interest on June 1 and December 1
of each year. The interest rate payable on the notes of each
series is subject to adjustments from time to time if either
Moodys Investors Service, Inc. or Standard and Poors
Ratings Services downgrades the debt rating assigned to the
notes to a level below investment grade, or subsequently
upgrades the ratings.   The senior notes contain typical restrictions on liens, sale
leaseback transactions, mergers and sales of assets. There are
no sinking fund requirements on the senior notes and they may be
redeemed at any time at the option of the Company, at a
redemption price as described in the related indenture
agreement, as supplemented and amended, in whole or in part. If
a change of control triggering event as defined
below occurs, the Company will be required to make an offer to
repurchase the notes in cash from the holders at a price equal
to 101% of their aggregate principal amount plus accrued and
unpaid interest to, but not including, the date of repurchase. A
change of control triggering event is defined as the
occurrence of both a change of control and a downgrade in the
debt rating assigned to the notes to a level below investment
grade.   Credit
Facility   Effective August17, 2009, Lexmark entered into a
$275million
3-year
senior, unsecured, multicurrency revolving credit facility that
includes the availability of swingline loans and multicurrency
letters of credit the New Facility. Under the New
Facility, the Company may borrow in U.S.dollars, euros,
British pounds sterling and Japanese yen. The New Facility
replaced the Companys $300million
5-year
multicurrency revolving credit agreement entered into on
January20, 2005. On August26, 2009, the Company
exercised its option to increase the maximum amount available
under the New Facility to $300million. As of
December31, 2009 and 2008, there were no amounts
outstanding under either of the two credit facilities.   Lexmarks New Facility contains usual and customary default
provisions, leverage and interest coverage restrictions and
certain restrictions on secured and subsidiary debt, disposition
of assets, liens and mergers and acquisitions. The New Facility
also includes collateral terms providing that in the event the
Companys credit ratings decrease to certain levels the
Company will be required to secure, on behalf of the lenders,
first priority security interests in the Companys owned
U.S.assets. The New Facility has a maturity date of
August17, 2012.   Interest on all borrowings under the New Facility depends upon
the type of loan, namely alternative base rate borrowings,
swingline loans or eurocurrency borrowings. Alternative base
rate borrowings bear interest at the greater of the prime rate,
the federal funds rate plus one-half of one percent, or the
adjusted LIBO rate as defined in the New Facility plus one
percent. Swingline loans limited to $50million bear
interest at an agreed upon rate at the time of the borrowing.
Eurocurrency loans bear interest at the sum of ia LIBOR
for the applicable currency and interest period and
iithe credit default swap spread as defined in the New
Facility subject to a floor of 25% and a cap of 45%. In
addition, Lexmark is required to pay a commitment fee on the
unused portion of the New Facility of 040% to 075% based upon
the Companys debt ratings. The interest and commitment
fees are payable at least quarterly.   Short-term
Debt   Lexmarks Brazilian operation has a short-term, uncommitted
line of credit. The interest rate on this line of credit varies
based upon the local prevailing interest rates at the time of
borrowing. The interest rate averaged approximately 182% and
268% during 2009 and 2008, respectively. As of
December31, 2009, there was no amount outstanding under
this credit facility. The amount outstanding under the credit
facility as of December31, 2008 was $55million.   Other   Total cash paid for interest on the debt facilities amounted to
$425million, $269million, and $126million
in 2009, 2008, and 2007, respectively.   
108 Table of Contents   The components of Interest income expense, net in the
Consolidated Statements of Earnings are as follows   	
2009   2008   2007     Interest income     179        350        342     Interest expense   393   289   130   Total     214     61        212     The Company capitalized interest costs of $34million,
$14million and $02million in 2009, 2008 and 2007,
respectively.   
12.
INCOME
TAXES   Provision for
Income Taxes   The Provision for income taxes consisted of the following   	
2009   2008   2007     Current   Federal     226        152     354   Non-U.S.   189   268   348   State and local   12   56   65   25     476   767   Deferred   Federal   474   248     79     Non-U.S.   71     141   200     State and local   33   12     01     436   119     280     Provision for income taxes     411     357     487   Earnings before income taxes were as follows   	
2009   2008   2007     U.S.     383     697     1357   Non-U.S.   1487   2062   2138   Earnings before income taxes     1870     2759     3495   The Company realized an income tax benefit from the exercise of
certain stock options and/or vesting of certain RSUs and DSUs in
2009, 2008 and 2007 of $28million, $34million and
$34million, respectively. This benefit resulted in a
decrease in current income taxes payable.   
109 Table of Contents   A reconciliation of the provision for income taxes using the
U.S.statutory rate and the Companys effective tax
rate was as follows   	
2009   2008   2007   Amount     Amount     Amount        Provision for income taxes at statutory rate     654   350        966   350        1223   350     State and local income taxes, net of federal tax benefit   32   17   48   17   68   20   Foreign tax differential   208     111     446     162     422     121     Research and development credit   51     27     54     19     56     16     Tax-exempt interest, net of related expenses   01        08     03     14     04     Valuation allowance   11     06     06     02     02   01   Reversals of previously accrued taxes   23     12     116     42     184     53     Adjustments to previously recorded taxes             112     32     Other   19   09   27     10     18     06     Provision for income taxes     411   220        357   129        487   139     The effective income tax rate was 220% for the year ended
December31, 2009. The 91percentage point increase
of the effective tax rate from 2008 to 2009 was due to a
geographic shift in earnings 51percentage points toward
higher tax jurisdictions in 2009 and the reversal of
previously-accrued taxes 31percentage points in 2008
that did not recur in 2009, along with a variety of other
factors 09percentage points.   The effective income tax rate was 129% for the year ended
December31, 2008. The effective income tax rate was 139%
for the year ended December31, 2007. The
10percentage point reduction of the effective tax rate
from 2007 to 2008 was due to a reduction of 53percentage
points, primarily related to the geographic shift in earnings to
lower tax jurisdictions in 2008, along with a variety of other
factors, partially offset by a smaller amount of reversals and
adjustments to previously accrued taxes in 2008 increase of
43percentage points when compared to reversals and
adjustments recorded in 2007. During 2008, the Company reversed
$116million of previously accrued taxes principally due
to the settlement of the U.S.tax audit for years 2004 and
2005, while in 2007, the Company reversed a total of
$296million of previously accrued taxes which pertained
to the settlement of a tax audit outside the U.S.and other
adjustments to previously recorded tax amounts.   
110 Table of Contents   Deferred income
tax assets and liabilities   Significant components of deferred income tax assets and
liabilities at December 31 were as follows   	
2009   2008     Deferred tax assets   Tax loss carryforwards     37     14   Credit carryforwards   55   52   Inventories   204   187   Restructuring   238   108   Pension   555   987   Warranty   69   92   Postretirement benefits   199   208   Equity compensation   302   314   Other compensation   129   102   Foreign exchange   02     Other   348   576   Deferred tax liabilities   Property, plant and equipment   328     205     Foreign exchange     24     1810   2411   Valuation allowances   02     07     Net deferred tax assets     1808     2404   The breakdown between current and long-term deferred tax assets
and deferred tax liabilities as of December 31 is as follows   	
2009   2008     Current Deferred Tax Assets     996     886   Current Deferred Tax Liabilities   263     289     Long-Term Deferred Tax Assets   1468   1900   Long-Term Deferred Tax Liabilities   393     93     Balance at December 31     1808     2404   The current deferred tax assets and current deferred tax
liabilities are included in Prepaid expenses and other
current assets and Accrued liabilities, respectively,
on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. The
long-term deferred tax assets and long-term deferred tax
liabilities are included in Other assets and Other
liabilities, respectively, on the Consolidated Statements of
Financial Position.   The Company has
non-U.S.tax
loss carryforwards of $132million, of which
$11million is subject to a valuation allowance. The
remaining $121million is made up of losses in several
jurisdictions. The carryforward periods range from 6years
to indefinite. The Company believes that, for any tax loss
carryforward where a valuation allowance has not been provided,
the associated asset will be realized because there will be
sufficient income in the future to absorb the loss.   Deferred income taxes have not been provided for the
undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries because such
earnings are indefinitely reinvested. Undistributed earnings of
non-U.S.subsidiaries
included in the consolidated retained earnings were
approximately $1,2828million as of December31,
2009. It is not practicable to estimate the amount of additional
tax that may be payable on the foreign earnings. The Company
does not plan to initiate any action that would precipitate the
payment of income taxes.   
111 Table of Contents   Tax
Positions   The Company adopted FASB guidance on accounting for uncertainty
in taxes on January1, 2007. As a result of the
implementation of this guidance, the Company reduced its
liability for unrecognized tax benefits and related interest and
penalties by $73million, which resulted in a
corresponding increase in the Companys January1,
2007, retained earnings balance. The Company also recorded an
increase in its deferred tax assets of $85million and a
corresponding increase in its liability for unrecognized tax
benefits as a result of adopting this guidance.   The amount of unrecognized tax benefits at December31,
2009, was $330million, all of which would affect the
Companys effective tax rate if recognized. The amount of
unrecognized tax benefits at December31, 2008, was
$293million, all of which would affect the Companys
effective tax rate if recognized. The amount of unrecognized tax
benefits at December31, 2007, was $535million, of
which $435million would affect the Companys
effective tax rate if recognized.   The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties associated
with uncertain tax positions as part of its income tax
provision. As of December31, 2009, the Company had
$45million of accrued interest and penalties. For 2009,
the Company recognized in its statement of earnings a net
expense of $08million for interest and penalties. As of
December31, 2008, the Company had $37million of
accrued interest and penalties. For 2008, the Company recognized
in its statement of earnings a net benefit of $10million
related to interest and penalties. As of December31, 2007,
the Company had $74million of accrued interest and
penalties. For 2007, the Company recognized in its statement of
earnings a net benefit of $42million related to interest
and penalties.   It is reasonably possible that the total amount of unrecognized
tax benefits will increase or decrease in the next
12months. Such changes could occur based on the expiration
of various statutes of limitations or the conclusion of ongoing
tax audits in various jurisdictions around the world. If those
events occur within the next 12months, the Company
estimates that its unrecognized tax benefits amount could
decrease by an amount in the range of $0 to $6million, the
impact of which would affect the Companys effective tax
rate.   Several tax years are subject to examination by major tax
jurisdictions. In the U.S., federal tax years 2006 and after are
subject to examination. The Internal Revenue Service
IRS is currently auditing tax years 2006 and 2007.
In France, tax years 2006 and after are subject to examination.
In Switzerland, tax years 2004 and after are subject to
examination. In most of the other countries where the Company
files income tax returns, 2004 is the earliest tax year that is
subject to examination. The Company believes that adequate
amounts have been provided for any adjustments that may result
from those examinations.   A reconciliation of the total beginning and ending amounts of
unrecognized tax benefits is as follows   	
2009   2008   2007     Balance at January 1     293     535     598   Increases/decreases in unrecognized tax benefits as a result
of tax positions taken during a prior period   06     51     55     Increases/decreases in unrecognized tax benefits as a result
of tax positions taken during the current period   58   59   104   Increases/decreases in unrecognized tax benefits relating to
settlements with taxing authorities   02     242     112     Reductions to unrecognized tax benefits as a result of a lapse
of the applicable statute of limitations   13     08        Balance at December 31     330     293     535   Other   Cash paid for income taxes was $413million,
$978million and $761million in 2009, 2008 and
2007, respectively.   
112 Table of Contents   On November10, 2005, the FASB issued accounting guidance
on accounting for the tax effects of share-based payment awards.
The Company elected to adopt the alternative transition method
provided in this guidance for calculating the tax effects of
stock-based compensation pursuant to the adoption of the
share-based payment guidance. The alternative transition method
includes simplified methods to establish the beginning balance
of the additional paid-in capital pool APIC pool
related to the tax effects of employee stock-based compensation,
and to determine the subsequent impact on the APIC pool and
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows of the tax effects of
employee stock-based compensation awards that are outstanding
upon the adoption of the share-based payment guidance.   
13.
STOCKHOLDERS
EQUITY AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE EARNINGS LOSS   The ClassA Common Stock is voting and exchangeable for
ClassB Common Stock in very limited circumstances. The
ClassB Common Stock is non-voting and is convertible,
subject to certain limitations, into ClassA Common Stock.   At December31, 2009, there were 8067million shares
of authorized, unissued ClassA Common Stock. Of this
amount, approximately 18million shares of ClassA
Common Stock have been reserved under employee stock incentive
plans and nonemployee director plans. There were also
18million of unissued and unreserved ClassB Common
Stock at December31, 2009. These shares are available for
a variety of general corporate purposes, including future public
offerings to raise additional capital and for facilitating
acquisitions.   In 1998, the Companys Board of Directors adopted a
stockholder rights plan the Rights Plan which
provides existing stockholders with the right to purchase one
one-thousandth 0001 of a share of SeriesA Junior
Participating preferred stock for each share of ClassA and
ClassB Common Stock held in the event of certain changes
in the Companys ownership. The Rights Plan expired on
January31, 2009 without modification.   In May 2008, the Company received authorization from the Board
of Directors to repurchase an additional $075billion of
its ClassA Common Stock for a total repurchase authority
of $465billion. As of December31, 2009, there was
approximately $05billion of share repurchase authority
remaining. This repurchase authority allows the Company, at
managements discretion, to selectively repurchase its
stock from time to time in the open market or in privately
negotiated transactions depending upon market price and other
factors. The Company did not repurchase any shares of its
ClassA Common Stock in 2009. During 2008, the Company
repurchased approximately 175million shares at a cost of
approximately $06billion, including two accelerated share
repurchase agreements discussed below. As of December31,
2009, since the inception of the program in April 1996, the
Company had repurchased approximately 916million shares
for an aggregate cost of approximately $42billion. As of
December31, 2009, the Company had reissued approximately
05million shares of previously repurchased shares in
connection with certain of its employee benefit programs. As a
result of these issuances as well as the retirement of
440million, 160million and 160million
shares of treasury stock in 2005, 2006 and 2008, respectively,
the net treasury shares outstanding at December31, 2009,
were 151million.   In December 2005, October 2006 and October 2008, the Company
received authorization from the Board of Directors to retire
440million, 160million and 160million
shares, respectively, of the Companys ClassA Common
Stock held in the Companys treasury as treasury stock. The
retired shares resumed the status of authorized but unissued
shares of ClassA Common Stock. Refer to the Consolidated
Statements of Stockholders Equity and Comprehensive
Earnings for the effects on Common stock, Capital in
excess of par, Retained earnings and Treasury
stock from the retirement of 160million shares of
ClassA Common Stock in 2008.   Accelerated Share
Repurchase Agreements   The Company executed two accelerated share repurchase agreements
ASR with financial institution counterparties in
2008, resulting in a total of 87million shares
repurchased at a cost of $2500million over the third and
fourth quarter of 2008. The impact of the two ASRs is included
in the share repurchase totals   
113 Table of Contents   provided in the preceding paragraphs. The settlement provisions
of both ASRs were essentially forward contracts, and were
accounted for under the provisions of guidance on accounting as
equity instruments for derivative financial instruments indexed
to, and potentially settled in, a companys own stock. The
details of each ASR are provided in the following paragraphs.   On August28, 2008, the Company entered into an accelerated
share repurchase agreement with a financial institution
counterparty. Under the terms of the ASR, the Company paid
$1500million targeting 41million shares based on
an initial price of $3690. On September3, 2008, the
Company took delivery of 85% of the shares, or 35million
shares at a cost of $1275million. The final number of
shares to be delivered by the counterparty under the ASR was
dependent on the average of the daily volume weighted average
price of the Companys common stock over the
agreements trading period, a discount, and the initial
number of shares delivered. Under the terms of the ASR, the
Company would either receive additional shares from the
counterparty or be required to deliver additional shares or cash
to the counterparty to which the Company controlled its election
to either deliver additional shares or cash to the counterparty.
On October21, 2008, the counterparty delivered
12million shares in final settlement of the agreement,
bringing the total shares repurchased under the ASR to
47million at a total cost of $1500million at an
average price per share of $3191.   On October21, 2008, the Company entered into an
accelerated share repurchase agreement with another financial
institution counterparty. Under the terms of the ASR, the
Company paid $1000million targeting 39million
shares based on an initial price of $2571. On October24,
2008, the Company took delivery of 85% of the shares, or
33million shares at a cost of $850million. The
final number of shares to be delivered by the counterparty under
the ASR was dependent on the average of the daily volume
weighted average price of the Companys common stock over
the agreements trading period, a discount, and the initial
number of shares delivered. Under the terms of the ASR, the
Company would either receive additional shares from the
counterparty or be required to deliver additional shares or cash
to the counterparty to which the Company controlled its election
to either deliver additional shares or cash to the counterparty.
On December26, 2008, the counterparty delivered
07million shares in final settlement of the agreement,
bringing the total shares repurchased under the ASR to
40million at a total cost of $1000million at an
average price per share of $2522.   Other
Comprehensive Earnings Loss   Comprehensive earnings loss for the years ended
December31, net of taxes, consists of the following   	
2009   2008   2007     Net earnings     1459     2402     3008   Other comprehensive earnings loss   Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of reclassification
net of tax liability benefit of $55 in 2009 and $55 in
2008   278   634     225   Cash flow hedging, net of reclassifications net of tax benefit
liability of $01 in 2007        07     Pension or other postretirement benefits, net of
reclassifications net of tax liability benefit of $146 in
2009, $800 in 2008 and $28 in 2007   87   1240     175   Net unrealized gain loss on OTTI marketable securities, net of
reclassifications net of tax liability benefit of $03 in
2009   11        Net unrealized gain loss on marketable securities, net of
reclassifications net of tax benefit liability of $02 in
2009, $04 in 2008 and $00 in 2007   18   13        Comprehensive earnings     1853     515     3401   Changes in the Companys foreign currency translation
adjustments were due to a number of factors as the Company
operates in various currencies throughout the world. The largest
factor behind the favorable   
114 Table of Contents   movement in 2009 was the 327% increase in the Brazilian real
exchange rate. The primary drivers of the unfavorable change in
2008 were the 202% devaluation of the Mexican peso and 132%
devaluation of the Philippine peso. The largest factor behind
the favorable movement in 2007 was the 19% increase in the
Philippine peso exchange rate. Foreign currency translation
adjustment activity in 2007 also included a reclassification
adjustment of approximately $7million, net of tax,
related to the realization of a foreign currency translation
gain in Net earnings upon substantial liquidation of the
Companys Scotland subsidiary.   The 2009 activity in Net unrealized gain loss on OTTI
marketable securities was driven by credit losses of
$14million, net of tax, that were recycled to Net
earnings during the year. Earlier in the year, the Company
recorded a cumulative effect adjustment to Accumulated other
comprehensive loss earnings in the amount of
$17million, net of tax, related to the adoption of new
accounting guidance regarding OTTI of marketable debt securities.   Refer to PartII, Item8, Notes6 and 15 of the
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information regarding the Companys marketable securities
and pension and postretirement plans.   Accumulated other comprehensive loss earnings for the
years ended December 31 consists of the following   	
Foreign
Pension or
Net Unrealized
Net Unrealized
Accumulated
Currency
Other
Gain Loss on
Loss Gain on
Other
Translation
Cash Flow
Postretirement
Marketable
Marketable
Comprehensive
Adjustment   Hedges   Benefits   Securities - OTTI   Securities   Loss Earnings     Balance at 12/31/06     71     07     1387                  1309     2007 Change   225   07     175        393   Balance at 12/31/07     296          1212                  916     2008 Change   634        1240        13     1887     Balance at 12/31/08     338             2452             13        2803     Adoption of OTTI guidance          17        17     2009 Change   278     87   11   18   394   Balance at 12/31/09     60             2365        06        05     2426     
*
Cumulative effect adjustment
related to the adoption of accounting guidance regarding the
recognition and presentation of
other-than-temporary
impairment $21million gross,
$17million net of tax
14.
EARNINGS PER
SHARE EPS   The following table presents a reconciliation of the numerators
and denominators of the basic and diluted net EPS calculations
for the years ended December 31   	
2009   2008   2007     Numerator   Net earnings     1459     2402     3008   Denominator   Weighted average shares used to compute basic EPS   782   889   953   Effect of dilutive securities employee stock plans   04   03   05   Weighted average shares used to compute diluted EPS   786   892   958   Basic net EPS     187     270     316   Diluted net EPS     186     269     314   RSUs and stock options totaling an additional 91million,
104million and 51million of ClassA Common
Stock in 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively, were outstanding but
were not included in the computation of diluted net earnings per
share because the effect would have been antidilutive.   
115 Table of Contents   In addition to the 91million antidilutive shares for the
year ended December31, 2009 mentioned above, unvested
restricted stock units with a performance condition that were
granted in the first quarter of 2009 were also excluded from the
computation of diluted earnings per share. The performance
period for these awards ended on December31, 2009. The
Companys assessment as of December31, 2009 is that
the minimum level of achievement has not been met and as a
result these awards were cancelled. Refer to PartII,
Item8, Note5 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information regarding the restricted
stock awards with a performance condition.   Effective first quarter of 2009, unvested share-based payment
awards that contain nonforfeitable rights to dividends or
dividend equivalents shall be considered participating
securities and included in the calculation of earnings per share
pursuant to the two-class method in accordance with accounting
guidance for determining whether instruments granted in
share-based payment transactions are participating securities.
There was no impact to the Companys EPS because the terms
of its share-based payment awards do not contain nonforfeitable
rights to dividends or dividend equivalents.   The Company executed two accelerated share repurchase agreements
ASR with financial institution counterparties in
2008, resulting in a total of 87million shares
repurchased at a cost of $2500million over the third and
fourth quarter. The ASRs had a favorable impact to 2008 basic
and diluted EPS of $006. The settlement provisions established
in the agreements were essentially forward contracts and
therefore potentially dilutive common stock equivalents that
must be evaluated under accounting guidance on the effect of
contracts that may be settled in stock or cash on the
computation of diluted earnings per share until final
settlement. At December31, 2008, there were no outstanding
settlement provisions to evaluate for potential dilution. Refer
to PartII, Item8, Note13 of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information
regarding the Companys accelerated share repurchase
agreements.   
15.
PENSION AND OTHER
POSTRETIREMENT PLANS   Lexmark and its subsidiaries have defined benefit and defined
contribution pension plans that cover certain of its regular
employees, and a supplemental plan that covers certain
executives. Medical, dental and life insurance plans for
retirees are provided by the Company and certain of its
non-U.S.subsidiaries.   
116 Table of Contents   Defined Benefit
Plans   The
non-U.S.pension
plans are not significant and use economic assumptions similar
to the U.S.pension plan and therefore are not shown
separately in the following disclosures.   Obligations and funded status at December 31   	
Other
Postretirement
Pension Benefits   Benefits   2009   2008   2009   2008     Change in Benefit Obligation   Benefit obligation at beginning of year     7344     7622     451     478   Service cost   25   35   12   15   Interest cost   432   450   26   27   Contributions by plan participants   23   35   39   36   Actuarial loss gain   365   67     07     46     Benefits paid   605     539     66     59     Foreign currency exchange rate changes   79   208          Plan adjustments   33             Settlement, curtailment or special termination losses   76   16   03        Benefit obligation at end of year   7706   7344   452   451   Change in Plan Assets   Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year   4690   7144        Actual return on plan assets   997   1774          Contributions by the employer   897   43   27   23   Benefits paid   605     539     66     59     Foreign currency exchange rate changes   79   219          Plan adjustments   22             Contributions by plan participants   23   35   39   36   Fair value of plan assets at end of year   6059   4690        Unfunded status at end of year     1647        2654        452        451     Effective December31, 2009, disclosures for the
Companys immaterial plans are included in the Plan
adjustments lines in the table above.   For 2009, the Settlement, curtailment or special termination
losses in the table above was primarily due to curtailment
losses recognized from restructuring related activity in the U.S.   Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Statements of
Financial Position   	
Other
Postretirement
Pension Benefits   Benefits   2009   2008   2009   2008     Noncurrent assets     55     72             Current liabilities   12     13     36     41     Noncurrent liabilities   1690     2713     416     410     Net amount recognized     1647        2654        452        451     
117 Table of Contents   Amounts
recognized in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income and
Deferred Tax Accounts   	
Other
Postretirement
Pension Benefits   Benefits   2009   2008   2009   2008     Net gain loss     3828        4089        59        69     Prior service credit cost     03     71   115   Net amount recognized     3828        4092        12     46   The accumulated benefit obligation for all of the Companys
defined benefit pension plans was $7668million and
$7296million at December31, 2009 and 2008,
respectively.   Pension plans
with a benefit obligation in excess of plan assets at December
31   	
2009   2008   Benefit
Plan
Benefit
Plan
Obligation   Assets   Obligation   Assets     Plans with projected benefit obligation in excess of plan assets     6703     5009     6645     3918   Plans with accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan
assets   6683   5009   6610   3916   Components of net
periodic benefit cost   	
Other Postretirement
Pension Benefits   Benefits   2009   2008   2007   2009   2008   2007     Net Periodic Benefit Cost   Service cost     25     35     26     12     15     17   Interest cost   432   450   423   26   27   25   Expected return on plan assets   490     500     488             Amortization of prior service cost credit          38     39     40     Amortization of net loss   151   112   151     05   09   Settlement, curtailment or special termination losses gains   85   17   20   05     03     01   Net periodic benefit cost     203     114     132     05        05     12   Other changes in plan assets and benefit obligations
recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income
AOCI pre-tax for the year ended
December31, 2009   	
Other
Pension
Postretirement
Benefits   Benefits     Net gain arising during the period     142        11     Effect of foreign currency exchange rate changes on amounts
included in AOCI   21     Less amounts recognized as a component of net periodic benefit
cost   Amortization or settlement recognition of net loss   152        Amortization or curtailment recognition of prior service cost
credit     44   Total amount recognized in AOCI for the period   273     33   Total amount recognized in net periodic benefit cost and AOCI
for the period     70        28   
118 Table of Contents   The estimated net loss for the defined benefit pension plans
that will be amortized from Accumulated other comprehensive
earnings loss into net periodic benefit cost over the next
fiscal year is $193million. The estimated prior service
credit for the other defined benefit postretirement plans that
will be amortized from Accumulated other comprehensive
earnings loss into net periodic benefit cost over the next
fiscal year is $34million.   Assumptions   	
Other
Post-
Pension
retirement
Benefits   Benefits   2009   2008   2009   2008     Weighted-Average Assumptions Used to Determine   Benefit Obligations at December 31   Discount rate   56     62     54     64     Rate of compensation increase   27     28     40     40     	
Other
Pension
Postretirement
Benefits   Benefits   2009   2008   2007   2009   2008   2007     Weighted-Average Assumptions Used to Determine   Net Periodic Benefit Cost for Years Ended
December31   Discount rate   62     62     57     64     60     57     Expected long-term return on plan assets   74     76     76             Rate of compensation increase   28     35     29     40     40     40     Plan assets   Plan assets are invested in equity securities, government and
agency securities, mortgage-backed securities, commercial
mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities, corporate
debt, annuity contracts and other securities. The
U.S.defined benefit plan comprises a significant portion
of the assets and liabilities relating to the defined benefit
plans. The investment goal of the U.S.defined benefit plan
is to achieve an adequate net investment return in order to
provide for future benefit payments to its participants. Asset
allocation percentages are targeted to be 65% equity and 35%
fixed income investments. The U.S.defined benefit plan
employed professional investment managers during 2009 to invest
in new asset classes, including international developed equity,
emerging market equity, high yield bonds and emerging market
debt. Each investment manager operates under an investment
management contract that includes specific investment
guidelines, requiring among other actions, adequate
diversification, prudent use of derivatives and standard risk
management practices such as portfolio constraints relating to
established benchmarks. The plan currently uses, and intends to
use during the asset allocation transition in 2009 noted above,
a combination of both active management and passive index funds
to achieve its investment goals.   The following is a description of the valuation methodologies
used for pension assets measured at fair value. Refer to
Note3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for details on the accounting framework for measuring fair value
and the related fair value hierarchy.   Commingled trust funds:Valued at the closing
price reported on the active market on which the funds are
traded or at the net asset value per unit at year end as quoted
by the funds as the basis for current transactions.   Mutual and money market funds:Valued at the
per share unit published as the basis for current transactions.   
119 Table of Contents   Corporate bonds and debentures:Valued at
quoted prices in markets that are not active, broker dealer
quotations, or other methods by which all significant inputs are
observable, either directly or indirectly.   U.S.equity securities:Valued at the
closing price reported on the active market on which the
securities are traded or at quoted prices in markets that are
not active, broker dealer quotations, or other methods by which
all significant inputs are observable, either directly or
indirectly.   The following table sets forth by level, within the fair value
hierarchy, plan assets measured at fair value on a recurring
basis as of December31, 2009   	
Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total     Commingled trust funds     186     4883          5069   Mutual and money market funds   463   01     464   Corporate bonds and debentures     347     347   U.S. Equity Securities   174   05     179   Total assets at fair value     823     5236          6059   Defined
Contribution Plans   Lexmark also sponsors defined contribution plans for employees
in certain countries. Company contributions are generally based
upon a percentage of employees contributions. The
Companys expense under these plans was $214million,
$251million and $258million in 2009, 2008 and
2007, respectively.   Additional
Information   Other postretirement benefits   For measurement purposes, a 83% annual rate of increase in the
per capita cost of covered health care benefits was assumed for
2010. The rate is assumed to decrease gradually to 45% in 2028
and remain at that level thereafter. A one-percentage-point
change in the health care cost trend rate would have a
deminimus effect on the benefit cost and obligation since
preset caps have been met for the net employer cost of
postretirement medical benefits.   Related to Lexmarks acquisition of the Information
Products Corporation from IBM in 1991, IBM agreed to pay for its
pro rata share currently estimated at $256million of
future postretirement benefits for all the Companys
U.S.employees based on pro rated years of service with IBM
and the Company.   Cash flows   In 2010, the Company is currently expecting to contribute
approximately $20million to its pension and other
postretirement plans.   Lexmark estimates that the future benefits payable for the
pension and other postretirement plans are as follows   	
Other Postretirement
Pension Benefits   Benefits     2010     506     36   2011   508   41   2012   513   42   2013   533   43   2014   558   44   2015-2019     2866     235   
120 Table of Contents   
16.
DERIVATIVES AND
RISK MANAGEMENT   Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activities   Lexmarks activities expose it to a variety of market
risks, including the effects of changes in foreign currency
exchange rates and interest rates. The Companys risk
management program seeks to reduce the potentially adverse
effects that market risks may have on its operating results.   Lexmark maintains a foreign currency risk management strategy
that uses derivative instruments to protect its interests from
unanticipated fluctuations in earnings caused by volatility in
currency exchange rates. The Company does not hold or issue
financial instruments for trading purposes nor does it hold or
issue leveraged derivative instruments. Lexmark maintains an
interest rate risk management strategy that may, from time to
time use derivative instruments to minimize significant,
unanticipated earnings fluctuations caused by interest rate
volatility. By using derivative financial instruments to hedge
exposures to changes in exchange rates and interest rates, the
Company exposes itself to credit risk and market risk. Lexmark
manages exposure to counterparty credit risk by entering into
derivative financial instruments with highly rated institutions
that can be expected to fully perform under the terms of the
agreement. Market risk is the adverse effect on the value of a
financial instrument that results from a change in currency
exchange rates or interest rates. The Company manages exposure
to market risk associated with interest rate and foreign
exchange contracts by establishing and monitoring parameters
that limit the types and degree of market risk that may be
undertaken.   Lexmark uses fair value hedges to reduce the potentially adverse
effects that market volatility may have on its operating
results. Fair value hedges are hedges of recognized assets or
liabilities. Lexmark enters into forward exchange contracts to
hedge accounts receivable, accounts payable and other monetary
assets and liabilities. The forward contracts used in this
program generally mature in three months or less, consistent
with the underlying asset and liability. Foreign exchange
forward contracts may be used as fair value hedges in situations
where derivative instruments expose earnings to further changes
in exchange rates. Although the Company has historically used
interest rate swaps to convert fixed rate financing activities
to variable rates, there were no interest rate swaps outstanding
as of December31, 2009.   Net outstanding notional amount of derivative activity as of
December31, 2009 was $158million. This activity was
driven by fair value hedges of recognized assets and liabilities
primarily denominated in the Euro, Australian Dollar and South
African Rand.   	
Long Short Positions by Currency   December31, 2009     EUR     627     AUD   254   ZAR   117   Other Net   98   Total     158     Accounting for
Derivatives and Hedging Activities   All derivatives are recognized in the Consolidated Statements of
Financial Position at their fair value. Fair values for
Lexmarks derivative financial instruments are based on
pricing models or formulas using current market data, or where
applicable, quoted market prices. On the date the derivative
contract is entered into, the Company designates the derivative
as a fair value hedge. Changes in the fair value of a derivative
that is highly effective as and that is designated
and qualifies as a fair value hedge, along with the
loss or gain on the hedged asset or liability are recorded in
current period earnings in Cost of revenue on the
Consolidated Statements of Earnings. Derivatives qualifying as
hedges are included in the same section of the Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows as the underlying assets and
liabilities being hedged.   
121 Table of Contents   As of December31, 2009 and 2008, the Company had the
following net derivative assets recorded at fair value in
Prepaid expenses and other current assets on the
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position at December 31   	
Foreign Exchange Contracts   2009   2008     Gross liability position     04          Gross asset position   06     Net asset position     02        As of December31, 2009 and 2008, the Company had the
following net derivative liabilities recorded at fair value in
Accrued liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of
Financial Position at December 31   	
Foreign Exchange Contracts   2009   2008     Gross liability position     07        27     Gross asset position   04   12   Net liability position     03        15     The Company had the following gains and losses related to
derivative instruments qualifying and designated as hedging
instruments in fair value hedges and related hedged items
recorded in Cost of Revenue on the Consolidated
Statements of Earnings   	
Fair Value Hedging Relationships   2009   2008   2007     Foreign Exchange Contracts     36     131     60   Underlying   57     54   22   Total     21        185     82   Lexmark formally documents all relationships between hedging
instruments and hedged items, as well as its risk management
objective and strategy for undertaking various hedge items. This
process includes linking all derivatives that are designated as
fair value hedges to specific assets and liabilities on the
balance sheet. The Company also formally assesses, both at the
hedges inception and on an ongoing basis, whether the
derivatives that are used in hedging transactions are highly
effective in offsetting changes in fair value of hedged items.
When it is determined that a derivative is not highly effective
as a hedge or that it has ceased to be a highly effective hedge,
the Company discontinues hedge accounting prospectively, as
discussed below.   Lexmark discontinues hedge accounting prospectively when
1it is determined that a derivative is no longer
effective in offsetting changes in the fair value of a hedged
item or 2the derivative expires or is sold, terminated
or exercised. When hedge accounting is discontinued because it
is determined that the derivative no longer qualifies as an
effective fair value hedge, the derivative will continue to be
carried on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position at
its fair value. In all other situations in which hedge
accounting is discontinued, the derivative will be carried at
its fair value on the Consolidated Statements of Financial
Position, with changes in its fair value recognized in current
period earnings.   Additional information regarding derivatives can be referenced
in Note3, Fair Value, of the Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements.   Concentrations of
Risk   Lexmarks main concentrations of credit risk consist
primarily of short-term cash investments, marketable securities
and trade receivables. Short-term cash and marketable securities
investments are made in a variety of high quality securities
with prudent diversification requirements. The Company seeks
diversification among its cash investments by limiting the
amount of cash investments that can be made with any one
obligor. Credit risk related to trade receivables is dispersed
across a large number of customers located in various geographic
areas. Collateral such as letters of credit and bank guarantees
is required in certain circumstances. In addition, the Company
uses credit issuance for specific obligors to   
122 Table of Contents   limit the impact of nonperformance. Lexmark sells a large
portion of its products through third-party distributors and
resellers and original equipment manufacturer OEM
customers. If the financial condition or operations of these
distributors, resellers and OEM customers were to deteriorate
substantially, the Companys operating results could be
adversely affected. The three largest distributor, reseller and
OEM customer trade receivable balances collectively represented
$189million or approximately 29% of total trade
receivables at December31, 2009 and $188million or
approximately 30% of total trade receivables at
December31, 2008, of which Dell receivables were
$116million or approximately 18% of total trade
receivables at December31, 2009, and $125million or
approximately 20% of total trade receivables at
December31, 2008. However, Lexmark performs ongoing credit
evaluations of the financial position of its third-party
distributors, resellers and other customers to determine
appropriate credit limits.   Lexmark generally has experienced longer accounts receivable
cycles in its emerging markets, in particular, Latin America,
when compared to its U.S.and European markets. In the
event that accounts receivable cycles in these developing
markets lengthen further, the Company could be adversely
affected.   Lexmark also procures a wide variety of components used in the
manufacturing process. Although many of these components are
available from multiple sources, the Company often utilizes
preferred supplier relationships to better ensure more
consistent quality, cost and delivery. The Company also sources
some printer engines and finished products from OEMs. Typically,
these preferred suppliers maintain alternate processes
and/or
facilities to ensure continuity of supply. Although Lexmark
plans in anticipation of its future requirements, should these
components not be available from any one of these suppliers,
there can be no assurance that production of certain of the
Companys products would not be disrupted.   
17.
COMMITMENTS AND
CONTINGENCIES   Commitments   Lexmark is committed under operating leases containing various
renewal options for rental of office and manufacturing space
and equipment. Rent expense net of rental income was
$483million, $556million and $551million in
2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. Future minimum rentals under
terms of non-cancelable operating leases net of sublease rental
income commitments as of December31, 2009, were as
follows   	
2010   2011   2012   2013   2014   Thereafter     Minimum lease payments net of sublease rental income     296     199     144     73     53     39   Contingencies   In accordance with FASB guidance on accounting for
contingencies, Lexmark records a provision for a loss
contingency when management believes that it is both probable
that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be
reasonably estimated. The Company believes it has adequate
provisions for any such matters.   Legal
proceedings   Lexmark v. Static Control Components, Inc. 
Lexmarkv. Clarity Imaging Technologies, Inc. David
Abraham   On December30, 2002 02 action and
March16, 2004 04 action, the Company filed
claims against Static Control Components, Inc. SCC
in the U.S.District Court for the Eastern District of
Kentucky the District Court alleging violation of
the Companys intellectual property and state law rights.
Similar claims in a separate action were filed by the Company in
the District Court against David Abraham and Clarity Imaging
Technologies, Inc. Clarity on October8,
2004. SCC and Clarity have filed counterclaims against the
Company in the District Court alleging that the Company engaged
in anti-competitive and   
123 Table of Contents   monopolistic conduct and unfair and deceptive trade practices in
violation of the Sherman Act, the Lanham Act and state laws. SCC
has stated in its legal documents that it is seeking
approximately $178million to $195million in
damages for the Companys alleged anticompetitive conduct
and approximately $1billion for Lexmarks alleged
violation of the Lanham Act. Clarity has not stated a damage
dollar amount. SCC and Clarity are seeking treble damages,
attorney fees, costs and injunctive relief. On
September28, 2006, the District Court dismissed the
counterclaims filed by SCC alleging that the Company engaged in
anti-competitive and monopolistic conduct and unfair and
deceptive trade practices in violation of the Sherman Act, the
Lanham Act and state laws. On October13, 2006, SCC filed a
Motion for Reconsideration of the District Courts Order
dismissing SCCs claims, or in the alternative, to amend
its pleadings, which the District Court denied on June1,
2007. On June20, 2007, the District Court Judge ruled that
SCC directly infringed one of Lexmarks
patents-in-suit.
On June22, 2007, the jury returned a verdict that SCC did
not induce infringement of Lexmarks
patents-in-suit.
As to SCCs defense that the Company has committed patent
misuse, in an advisory, non-binding capacity, the jury did find
some Company conduct constituted misuse. In the jurys
advisory, non-binding findings, the jury also found that the
relevant market was the cartridge market rather than the printer
market and that the Company had unreasonably restrained
competition in that market. On October3, 2008, the
District Court Judge issued a memorandum opinion denying various
motions made by the Company that sought to reverse the
jurys finding that SCC did not induce infringement of
Lexmarks
patents-in-suit.
The District Court Judge did, however, grant the Companys
motion that SCCs equitable defenses, including patent
misuse, were moot. As a result, the jurys advisory
findings on misuse, including the jurys finding that the
relevant market was the cartridge market rather than the printer
market and that the Company had unreasonably restrained
competition in that market, were not adopted by the District
Court. On March31, 2009, the District Court granted
SCCs Motion for Reconsideration of an earlier Order that
had found the Companys terms used on certain supply items
that provide for an up-front discount in exchange for an
agreement to use the supply item only once were supported by
patent law. The District Court Judge ruled that after the
U.S.Supreme Courts most recent statement of the law
regarding patent exhaustion the Company may not invoke patent
law to enforce these terms but state contract law may still be
invoked. A final judgment for the 02 action and the 04 action
was entered by the District Court on October16, 2009.
Notice of Appeal of the 02 and 04 actions has been filed with
the U.S.Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. In the
David Abraham and Clarity action, the proceeding is in the
discovery phase.   Sagem Communications v. Lexmark   Sagem Communications formerly Sagem, S.A. filed suit against
the Company, in the Court of First Instance, Geneva, Switzerland
on May15, 2007. The suit alleges the Company failed to
timely develop a series of private label fax machines for Sagem.
Sagems suit seeks approximately $30million dollars.
The Company has asserted a counterclaim alleging Sagem failed to
pay the Company a sum of approximately $1million dollars
for tooling charges called for in the contract in the event that
Sagem failed to meet certain minimum purchase commitments by
December31, 2005. The Court has held a series of
procedural hearings through which the parties presented
documentary evidence supporting their claims and defenses. Final
briefs are scheduled to be submitted to the Court in March 2010.   Molina v. Lexmark   On August31, 2005 former Company employee Ron Molina filed
a class action lawsuit in the California Superior Court for Los
Angeles under a California employment statute which in effect
prohibits the forfeiture of vacation time accrued. This statute
has been used to invalidate California employers use
or lose vacation policies. The class is comprised of less
than 200 current and former California employees of the Company.
The trial was bifurcated into a liability phase and a damages
phase. On May1, 2009, the Judge brought the liability
phase to a conclusion with a ruling that the Companys
vacation and personal choice days policies from 1991 to
the present violated California law. The trial on the damages
phase was completed on January15, 2010 and the parties are
awaiting the Judges ruling. The damage award might range
from zero, based on the Companys argument that the class
has failed to meet its burden of proving damages to
approximately $167million dollars, the highest amount
asserted by the class expert based on   
124 Table of Contents   an assumption that none of the California employees ever used
any of their accrued vacation or personal choice days. The class
is also seeking injunctive relief, costs and attorneys
fees.   The Company is also party to various litigation and other legal
matters, including claims of intellectual property infringement,
that are being handled in the ordinary course of business. In
addition, various governmental authorities have from time to
time initiated inquiries and investigations, some of which are
ongoing, including concerns regarding the activities of
participants in the markets for printers and supplies. The
Company intends to continue to cooperate fully with those
governmental authorities in these matters.   Although it is not reasonably possible to estimate whether a
loss will occur as a result of these legal matters, or if a loss
should occur, the amount of such loss, the Company does not
believe that any legal matters to which it is a party is likely
to have a material adverse effect on the Companys
financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
However, there can be no assurance that any pending legal
matters or any legal matters that may arise in the future would
not have a material adverse effect on the Companys
financial position, results of operations or cash flows.   Copyright
fees   Certain countries primarily in Europe
and/or
collecting societies representing copyright owners
interests have taken action to impose fees on devices such as
scanners, printers and multifunction devices alleging the
copyright owners are entitled to compensation because these
devices enable reproducing copyrighted content. Other countries
are also considering imposing fees on certain devices. The
amount of fees, if imposed, would depend on the number of
products sold and the amounts of the fee on each product, which
will vary by product and by country. The Company has accrued
amounts that it believes are adequate to address the risks
related to the copyright fee issues currently pending. The
financial impact on the Company, which will depend in large part
upon the outcome of local legislative processes, the
Companys and other industry participants outcome in
contesting the fees and the Companys ability to mitigate
that impact by increasing prices, which ability will depend upon
competitive market conditions, remains uncertain. As of
December31, 2009, the Company has accrued a total of
approximately $70million for pending copyright fee
charges, including litigation proceedings, local legislative
initiatives
and/or
negotiations with the parties involved.   As of December31, 2009, approximately $57million of
the $70million accrued for the pending copyright fee
issues was related to single function printer devices sold in
Germany prior to December31, 2007. The
VerwertungsGesellschaft Wort VG Wort, a collection
society representing certain copyright holders, instituted legal
proceedings against Hewlett-Packard Company HP in
July of 2004 relating to whether and to what extent copyright
levies for photocopiers should be imposed in accordance with
copyright laws implemented in Germany on single function
printers. The Company is not a party to this lawsuit, although
the Company and VG Wort entered into an agreement pursuant to
which both VG Wort and the Company agreed to be bound by the
outcome of the VG Wort/HP litigation. On December6, 2007,
the Bundesgerichtshof the German Federal Supreme
Court in the VG Wort litigation with HP issued a judgment
that single function printer devices sold in Germany prior to
December31, 2007 are not subject to levies under the then
existing law German Federal Supreme Court, file reference I ZR
94/05. VG Wort filed an appeal with the
Bundesverfassungsgericht the German Federal
Constitutional Court challenging the ruling that single
function printers are not subject to levies. The matter is still
pending with the German Federal Constitutional Court. On or
about December15, 2009, VG Wort instituted non-binding
arbitration proceedings against the Company before the
arbitration board of the Patent and Trademark Office in Munich
relating to whether and to what extent copyright levies should
be imposed on single function printers sold by the Company in
Germany for the years 2006 and 2007.   An agreement was reached in the first quarter of 2009 with the
collecting societies in which the Company participated regarding
the copyright fees to be levied on
all-in-one
and multifunctional devices AIO/MFDs sold in
Germany after December31, 2001 through December31,
2007. As part of this settlement, the Company paid the
collection societies $426million in July 2009. This
matter is now closed.   
125 Table of Contents   For sales of AIO/MFDs and single function printer devices in
Germany after January1, 2008, the Company, other industry
participants and the collecting societies have agreed upon an
applicable levy rate for the aforementioned devices and the
Company has agreed to collect and pay such levies as appropriate.   The Company believes the amounts accrued represent its best
estimate of the copyright fee issues currently pending and these
accruals are included in Accrued liabilities on the
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.   
18.
SEGMENT
DATA   Lexmark manufactures and sells a variety of printing and
multifunction products and related supplies and services and is
primarily managed along its divisional segments, PSSD and ISD.
The Company evaluates the performance of its segments based on
revenue and operating income, and does not include segment
assets or other income and expense items for management
reporting purposes. Segment operating income loss includes:
selling, general and administrative; research and development;
restructuring and related charges; and other expenses, certain
of which are allocated to the respective segments based on
internal measures and may not be indicative of amounts that
would be incurred on a stand alone basis or may not be
indicative of results of other enterprises in similar
businesses. All other operating income loss includes
significant expenses that are managed outside of the reporting
segments. These unallocated costs include such items as
information technology expenses, occupancy costs, stock-based
compensation and certain other corporate and regional general
and administrative expenses such as finance, legal and human
resources.   The following table includes information about the
Companys reportable segments for the year ended December
31   	
2009   2008   2007     Revenue   PSSD     2,6249     2,9816     2,9992   ISD   1,2550   1,5468   1,9747   Total revenue     3,8799     4,5284     4,9739   Operating income loss   PSSD     3793     4971     6120   ISD   1143   1371   934   All other   2775     3570     3841     Total operating income loss     2161     2772     3213   Operating income loss noted above for the year ended
December31, 2009 includes restructuring and related
charges of $551million in PSSD, $385million in ISD
and $185million in All other.   Operating income loss noted above for the year ended
December31, 2008 includes restructuring and related
charges of $198million in PSSD, $230million in ISD
and $193million in All other.   Operating income loss noted above for the year ended
December31, 2007 includes restructuring and related
charges of $65million in PSSD, $139million in ISD
and $104million in All other.   During 2009, 2008 and 2007, one customer, Dell, accounted for
$4959million or approximately 13%, $5957million or
approximately 13% and $7167million or approximately 14   of the Companys total revenue, respectively. Sales to Dell
are included in both PSSD and ISD.   
126 Table of Contents   The following is revenue by geographic area for the year ended
December 31   	
2009   2008   2007     Revenue   United States     1,6721     1,8648     2,1403   EMEA Europe, the Middle East Africa   1,4539   1,7429   1,8272   Other International   7539   9207   1,0064   Total revenue     3,8799     4,5284     4,9739   Sales are attributed to geographic areas based on the location
of customers. Other International revenue includes exports from
the U.S.and Europe.   The following is long-lived asset information by geographic area
as of December 31   	
2009   2008   2007     Long-lived assets   United States     5080     4688     4169   EMEA Europe, the Middle East Africa   645   245   343   Other International   3424   3699   4178   Total long-lived assets     9149     8632     8690   Long-lived assets include property, plant and equipment, net of
accumulated depreciation.   The following is revenue by product category for the year ended
December 31   	
2009   2008   2007     Revenue   Laser and inkjet printers     9388     1,1968     1,4983   Laser and inkjet supplies   2,7518   3,1175   3,2486   Other   1893   2141   2270   Total revenue     3,8799     4,5284     4,9739   
127 Table of Contents   
19.
QUARTERLY
FINANCIAL DATA UNAUDITED   	
First
Second
Third
Fourth
In Millions, Except Per Share
Amounts   Quarter   Quarter   Quarter   Quarter     2009   Revenue     9441     9046     9580     1,0732   Gross profit
1   3334   2808   3129   3827   Operating income
1   746   277   240   898   Net earnings
1   592   170   100   598   Basic EPS*
1     076     022     013     076   Diluted EPS*
1   075   022   013   076   Stock prices   High     2894     2039     2226     2787   Low   1531   1506   1448   2009   2008   Revenue     1,1751     1,1388     1,1307     1,0837   Gross profit
2   4355   4172   3677   3142   Operating income
2   1223   1009   540     Net earnings
2   1017   837   366   181   Basic EPS*
2     107     089     042     023   Diluted EPS*
2   107   089   042   023   Stock prices   High     3768     3718     3690     3275   Low   2802   3036   3028   2325   
The sum of the quarterly data may
not equal annual amounts due to rounding.
*
The sum of the quarterly earnings
per share amounts does not necessarily equal the annual earnings
per share due to changes in average share calculations. This is
in accordance with prescribed reporting requirements.
1
Net earnings for the first quarter
of 2009 included $128million of pre-tax
restructuring-related charges and project costs in connection
with the Companys restructuring plans.
Net earnings for the second quarter
of 2009 included $317million of pre-tax
restructuring-related charges and project costs in connection
with the Companys restructuring plans.
Net earnings for the third quarter
of 2009 included $508million of pre-tax
restructuring-related charges and project costs in connection
with the Companys restructuring plans.
Net earnings for the fourth quarter
of 2009 included $459million of pre-tax
restructuring-related charges and project costs in connection
with the Companys restructuring plans.
2
Net earnings for the first quarter
of 2008 included $126million of pre-tax
restructuring-related charges and project costs in connection
with the Companys restructuring plans.
Net earnings for the second quarter
of 2008 included $88million of pre-tax
restructuring-related charges and project costs in connection
with the Companys restructuring plans.
Net earnings for the third quarter
of 2008 included $245million of pre-tax
restructuring-related charges and project costs in connection
with the Companys restructuring plans.
Net earnings for the fourth quarter
of 2008 included $468million of pre-tax
restructuring-related charges and project costs in connection
with the Companys restructuring plans.
128 Table of Contents   Report of
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Lexmark
International, Inc.   In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated statements of
financial position and the related consolidated statements of
earnings, of cash flows and of stockholders equity and
comprehensive earnings present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of Lexmark International, Inc. and its
subsidiaries at December31, 2009 and 2008, and the results
of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three
years in the period ended December31, 2009 in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. In addition, in our opinion, the financial
statement schedule listed in the Index appearing under
a2 presents fairly, in all material respects,
the information set forth therein when read in conjunction with
the related consolidated financial statements. Also in our
opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects,
effective internal control over financial reporting as of
December31, 2009, based on criteria established in
Internal Control Integrated Framework issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission COSO. The Companys management is responsible
for these financial statements and financial statement schedule,
for maintaining effective internal control over financial
reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of
internal control over financial reporting, included in
Managements Report on Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting appearing under Item9A. Our
responsibility is to express opinions on these financial
statements, on the financial statement schedule, and on the
Companys internal control over financial reporting based
on our integrated audits. We conducted our audits in accordance
with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement and
whether effective internal control over financial reporting was
maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial
statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements, assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the
overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal
control over financial reporting included obtaining an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting,
assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing
and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of
internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also
included performing such other procedures as we considered
necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.   As discussed in Note2 to the consolidated financial
statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts
for uncertain tax positions in 2007.   A companys internal control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. A companys
internal control over financial reporting includes those
policies and procedures that ipertain to the maintenance
of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
company; iiprovide reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the
company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of
management and directors of the company; and iiiprovide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
companys assets that could have a material effect on the
financial statements.   
129 Table of Contents   Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over
financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.   /s/PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP   Lexington, Kentucky   February26, 2010   
130 Table of Contents   
Item 1.   BUSINESS   1   Item 1A.   RISK FACTORS   13   Item 1B.   UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS   19   Item 2.   PROPERTIES   19   Item 3.   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   19   Item 4.
CONTROLS
AND PROCEDURES   Evaluation of
Disclosure Controls and Procedures   The Companys management, with the participation of the
Companys Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, have
evaluated the effectiveness of the Companys disclosure
controls and procedures as of December31, 2009. Based upon
that evaluation, the Companys Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
have concluded that the Companys disclosure controls and
procedures are effective in providing reasonable assurance that
the information required to be disclosed by the Company in the
reports that it files under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended the Exchange Act, is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the Securities and Exchange Commissions rules
and forms and were effective as of December31, 2009 to
ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company
in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act
is accumulated and communicated to the Companys
management, including its principal executive and principal
financial officers or persons performing similar functions, as
appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure.   Managements
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting   The Companys management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act
Rule13a-15f.
Under the supervision and with the participation of our
management, including the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, we
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting based upon the framework in
Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on
our evaluation under the framework in Internal
Control-Integrated Framework, our management concluded that our
internal control over financial reporting was effective as of
December31, 2009. The effectiveness of the Companys
internal control over financial reporting as of
December31, 2009 has been audited by
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public
accounting firm, as stated in their report appearing on
page129.   Changes in
Internal Control over Financial Reporting   The Company is in the process of implementing a new global
enterprise resource planning ERP system. Regional
implementations began in EMEA during the fourth quarter of 2009.
As a result, there were considerable changes to EMEA processes
and procedures that impact internal controls over financial
reporting. While management believes the changed controls along
with additional compensating controls relating to financial
reporting for affected processes are adequate and effective,
management is continuing to evaluate and monitor the changes in
controls and procedures as processes in each of these areas
evolve.   Except for the changes noted above, there has been no change in
the Companys internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the quarter ended December31, 2009,
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the Companys internal control over
financial reporting.   
Item 1.   BUSINESS   1   Item 1A.   RISK FACTORS   13   Item 1B.   UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS   19   Item 2.   PROPERTIES   19   Item 3.   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   19   Item 4.
DIRECTORS,
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE   Except with respect to information regarding the executive
officers of the Registrant and the Companys code of
ethics, the information required by PartIII, Item10
of this
Form10-K
is incorporated by reference herein, and made part of this
Form10-K,
from the Companys definitive Proxy Statement for its 2010
Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, pursuant to
Regulation14A, not later than 120days after the end
of the fiscal year. The required information is included in the
definitive Proxy Statement under the headings Election of
Directors and Report of the Finance and Audit
Committee. The information with respect to the executive
officers of the Registrant is included under the heading
Executive Officers of the Registrant in Item1
above. The Company has adopted a code of business conduct and
ethics for directors, officers including the Companys
principal executive officer, principal financial and accounting
officer and employees, known as the Code of Business Conduct.
The Code of Business Conduct, as well as the Companys
Corporate Governance Principles and the charters of each of the
committees of the Board of Directors, is available on the
Corporate Governance section of the Companys Investor
Relations website at
http investor.lexmark.com.
The Company also intends to disclose on the Corporate Governance
section of its Investor Relations website any amendments to the
Code of Business Conduct and any waivers from the provisions of
the Code of Business Conduct that apply to the principal
executive officer, principal financial and accounting officer,
and that relate to any elements of the code of ethics enumerated
by the applicable regulation of the Securities and Exchange
Commission Item406b of
RegulationS-K.
Anyone may request a free copy of the Corporate Governance
Principles, the charters of each of the committees of the Board
of Directors or the Code of Business Conduct from   Lexmark International, Inc.   Attention: Investor Relations   One Lexmark Centre Drive   740West New Circle Road   Lexington, Kentucky 40550   859232-5568   The New York Stock Exchange NYSE requires that the
Chief Executive Officer of each listed Company certify annually
to the NYSE that he or she is not aware of any violation by the
Company of NYSE corporate governance listing standards as of the
date of such certification. The Company submitted the
certification of its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Paul
J. Curlander, for 2009 with its Annual Written Affirmation to
the NYSE on May5, 2009.   The Securities and Exchange Commission requires that the
principal executive officer and principal financial officer of
the Company make certain certifications pursuant to
Section302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and file the
certifications as exhibits with each Annual Report on
Form10-K.
In connection with this Annual Report on
Form10-K
filed with respect to the year ended December31, 2009,
these certifications were made by Paul J. Curlander, Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer, and John W. Gamble,Jr.,
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, of the
Company and are included as Exhibits311 and 312 to this
Annual Report on
Form10-K.   
