Item8, Note18 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information regarding the
Companys reportable segments.   Revenue derived from international sales, including exports from
the United States of America U.S., accounts for
approximately 59% of the Companys consolidated revenue,
with Europe accounting for approximately two-thirds of
international sales. Lexmarks products are sold in more
than 150 countries in North and South America, Europe, the
Middle East, Africa, Asia, the Pacific Rim and the Caribbean.
This geographic diversity offers the Company opportunities to
participate in new markets, provides   
1   diversification to its revenue stream and operations to help
offset geographic economic trends, and utilizes the technical
and business expertise of a worldwide workforce. Currency
exchange rates had a favorable impact on international revenue
in 2008 and an unfavorable impact on the Companys costs
and expenses. Refer to Managements Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations Effect of Currency Exchange Rates and
Exchange Rate Risk Management for more information. A
summary of the Companys revenue and long-lived assets by
geographic area is found in PartII, Item8,
Note18 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
included in this Annual Report on
Form10-K.   Market
Overview1   Lexmark management believes that the total distributed output
opportunity was between $90 and $100billion in 2008,
including hardware, supplies and related software and services.
This opportunity includes printers and multifunction devices as
well as a declining base of copiers and fax machines that are
increasingly being integrated into multifunction devices. Based
on industry information, Lexmark management estimates that the
market may have declined slightly in 2008 and may decline again
in 2009 due to the severe global economic slowdown. When global
economic growth resumes, perhaps in 2010, the industry could
again experience low to mid single digit annual revenue growth
rates with the highest growth likely to be in multifunction
products MFPs and related software solutions and
services and emerging economies. The Companys management
believes that the integration of print/copy/fax/scan
capabilities enables Lexmark to leverage strengths in network
printing solutions. In general, as the hardcopy industry matures
and printer and copier markets converge, the Companys
management expects competitive pressures to continue.   The Internet is positively impacting the distributed output
market opportunity in several ways. As more information is
available over the Internet, and new tools and solutions are
being developed to access it, more of this information is being
printed on distributed output devices. Lexmarks management
believes that an increasing percentage of this distributed
output includes color and graphics, which tend to increase
supplies usage. Growth in high-speed and wireless Internet
access to the home is also contributing to increased printing on
distributed devices.   The laser product market primarily serves business customers.
Laser products can be divided into two major
categories shared workgroup products and
lower-priced desktop products. Shared workgroup products are
typically attached directly to large workgroup networks, while
lower-priced desktop products are attached to personal computers
PCs or small workgroup networks. Both product
categories include color and monochrome laser offerings. The
shared workgroup products include laser printers and
multifunction devices, which typically include high-performance
internal network adapters and are easily upgraded to include
additional input and output capacity and finishing capabilities
as well as additional memory and storage. Most shared workgroup
products also have sophisticated network management tools and
are available as single function printers and multifunction
products that print/copy/fax/scan to network capabilities.   Industry laser printer unit growth in recent years has generally
exceeded the growth rate of laser printer revenue due to unit
growth in lower-priced desktop color and monochrome laser
printers and unit price reductions. Additionally, color and
multifunction products represent a more significant component of
laser unit growth. The Companys management believes these
trends will continue. The pricing pressure is partially offset
by the tendency of customers in the shared workgroup laser
market to add higher profit margin optional features including
document management solutions, paper handling and finishing and
to purchase multifunction products. Pricing pressure is also
partially offset by the opportunity to provide business
solutions and services to customers who are increasingly looking
for assistance to better manage and leverage their
document-related costs and output infrastructure.   1Certain
information contained in the Market Overview section
has been obtained from industry sources, public information and
other internal and external sources. Data available from
industry analysts varies widely among sources. The Company bases
its analysis of market trends on the data available from several
different industry analysts.   
2   The inkjet product market historically has been predominantly a
consumer market, but there is an increasing trend in inkjet
products being designed for small office home office
SOHO and small business that include network
capability to act as shared devices. Additionally, over the past
couple of years, the number of customers seeking
productivity-related features has driven significant growth in
all-in-one
AIO products. Key factors promoting this trend are
greater affordability of AIOs containing productivity features
like wireless connectivity, ethernet connectivity, full fax
capabilities, automatic document feeders and duplex
capabilities. The Companys management believes these
trends will continue.   Strategy   Lexmarks strategy is based on a business model of
investing in technology to develop and sell printing solutions,
including printers and multifunction products, with the
objective of growing its installed base, which drives recurring
supplies sales. Supplies are the profit engine of the business
model. Supplies profit then funds new technology investments in
products and solutions, which drive the cycle again and again.
The Companys management believes that Lexmark has the
following strengths related to this business model   
First, Lexmark is exclusively focused on distributed printing
and imaging, and related document solutions. The Companys
management believes that this focus has enabled Lexmark to be
responsive and flexible in meeting specific customer and channel
partner needs.   
Second, Lexmark internally develops three of the key print
technologies associated with distributed printing, including
inkjet, monochrome laser and color laser. The Companys
monochrome laser technology platform has historically allowed it
to be a price/performance leader in enterprise network
printer-based products and also build unique capabilities into
its products that enable it to offer customized printing and
document workflow solutions. Lexmarks focus is to advance
its inkjet technology, products and solutions to address higher
usage customers.   
Third, Lexmark has leveraged its technological capabilities and
its commitment to flexibility and responsiveness to build strong
relationships with large-account customers and channel partners,
including major retail chains, distributors, direct-response
catalogers and value-added resellers. Lexmarks
path-to-market includes industry-focused consultative sales and
services teams that deliver unique and differentiated solutions
to both large accounts and channel partners that sell into the
Companys target industries.   Lexmark is focused on driving long-term value for its
shareholders by strategically investing in technology and demand
generation to profitably capture supplies in high page
generating segments of the distributed printing market.   The Printing Solutions and Services Division PSSD
is focused on growth in high page generating workgroup products,
including monochrome lasers, color lasers and laser MFPs.
Lexmarks PSSD strategy requires that it provide its array
of high-quality, technologically-advanced products and solutions
at competitive prices. Lexmark continually enhances its products
to ensure that they function efficiently in increasingly-complex
enterprise network environments. It also provides flexible tools
to enable network administrators to improve productivity.
Lexmarks PSSD target markets include large corporations,
small and medium businesses SMBs and the public
sector. Lexmarks PSSD strategy also requires that it
continually identify and focus on industry-specific issues and
processes so that it can differentiate itself by offering unique
industry solutions and related services.   The Imaging Solutions Division ISD is focused on
growth in the higher page generating inkjet products sold to
SOHO and businesses through both retail and non-retail channels
and original equipment manufacturer OEM partner
arrangements. ISD continues to aggressively shift its focus to
geographic regions, product segments and customers that generate
higher page usage. Lexmarks goal is to create printing
products and innovative solutions that make it easier for SOHO
and small business users to improve their productivity.   
3   Over the last several years, the Company increased investments
in both the Companys sales force and product and solution
development. The Company increased its research and development
spending by 5% in 2008, by 9% in 2007 and by 10% in 2006. This
investment has led to new products and solutions aimed at
targeted growth segments as well as a pipeline of future
products.   Because of Lexmarks exclusive focus on printing solutions,
the Company has formed alliances and OEM arrangements to pursue
incremental business opportunities through its alliance partners.   The Companys strategy for dot matrix printers is to
continue to offer high-quality products while managing cost to
maximize cash flow and profit.   Products   Laser
Products   Lexmark offers a wide range of monochrome and color laser
printers and MFPs in addition to customized solutions and
services designed to help businesses move beyond printing to
optimizing their printing environment and improve associated
workflow and business processes.   In 2008, Lexmark introduced over 40 new laser product models
spanning small workgroup offerings through departmental MFPs.   In the monochrome laser category, the Company introduced a new
family of workgroup laser printers and MFPs. The Lexmark T650
printer series and Lexmark X650 MFP series are designed with the
environment in mind, they are equipped with a range of
eco-conscious features. Many of the models come with built-in
two-sided printing to reduce paper usage, Eco-Mode to reduce
power consumption and Quiet Mode to minimize environmental
noise. The family also offers access to extra-high-yield
cartridges, which reduce the number of cartridges that are
recycled or sent to the landfill.   The Lexmark T650 Series includes nine models designed to support
small, medium and large workgroups. The Lexmark T654 models add
the customizable Lexmark Embedded Solutions Framework, enabling
expanded workflow solutions.   The Lexmark X650 SeriesMFP models are equipped with
built-in two-sided printing and can utilize Lexmarks
Embedded Solutions Framework. The Lexmark X650 Series also
features Lexmarks award winning
e-Task color
touch screen, which makes it easy to complete complicated,
multi-step processes at the touch of an icon. Individual users
can even personalize their own
e-Task touch
screen with Lexmarks new MyMFP solution. The Lexmark X658
models offer an intelligent alternative to office copiers with
integrated finishing capabilities and a large input capacity in
a compact, affordable device.   The Lexmark E200, E300 and E400 Series monochrome laser printers
were refreshed with faster print speeds. Some models also
include a new multipurpose feeder and all models feature
built-in two-sided printing to reduce paper waste. The Lexmark
E460 family offers a wireless model and access to a higher-yield
cartridge than the previous generation.   The Company continues to offer the Lexmark E120 monochrome laser
printer and the Lexmark X340 Series monochrome laser MFPs for
desktop and small workgroup applications. Lexmark also continues
to offer the Lexmark W840 monochrome laser printer and the
Lexmark X850 Series monochrome laser MFPs for wide-format
applications and advanced finishing requirements.   New additions to the color laser family in 2008 include the
Lexmark C540 Series printers and X540 SeriesMFPs, Lexmark
X560n MFP, Lexmark X782e XL MFP and C782n XL printer.   The Lexmark C540 Series, with single-pass laser technology, was
designed for small workgroups and offers color output in a
compact design. The Lexmark X540 Series are multifunction
devices built off that same award-winning platform. Both are
supported by the new Lexmark Rewards program, which encourages
customers to return empty cartridges for recycling or
remanufacturing and earn free genuine Lexmark toner and imaging
kits. Both series feature models that are Wi-Fi
CERTIFIEDtm
80211n draft 20. The Lexmark X560 Series is designed for
medium workgroups with a higher duty   
4   cycle and higher-yield cartridges than the X540 Series. In some
geographies the Company announced the Lexmark C782n XL color
laser printer and Lexmark X782e XL color laser MFP, designed for
high-volume color printing. These models, intended for medium to
large workgroups, offer color toner cartridges that are priced
the same as Lexmark black XL high-yield toner cartridges for
this color laser family. This provides customers a viable option
to outsourcing color print jobs. Additionally, these models
offer higher-yield cartridges, which help customers conserve
resources since cartridges need to be replaced less frequently.   The Company continues to offer the Lexmark C780 Series and C935
color laser printers and the Lexmark X782e, Lexmark X940e and
Lexmark X945e color laser MFPs for large workgroups. These
models print on a wide variety of documents, including difficult
media like heavy card stock and vinyl labels and specialty
papers like weather- and fade-resistant outdoor media and
oversized banners. The C935 and X940e and X945e offer wide
format printing.   Lexmark is vertically integrated, which gives the Company the
ability to quickly respond to unique customer requirements and
develop customized solutions to improve workflow. As a result of
its insights into the specific processes required within
industries, the Company can effectively customize the
e-Task
interface on its MFPs to allow customers to reduce complicated,
multi-step processes within these industries to the touch of an
icon. The interface can easily be customized to meet each
customers unique workflow needs.   Inkjet
Products   Lexmarks inkjet products primarily include AIO printers
that offer print, copy, scan and fax functionality targeted at
SOHO and business users.   As the wireless market continues to increase substantially,
Lexmark is meeting the growing demand for new printing products
that afford the freedom of mobility. In 2008, Lexmark continued
to find success with its wireless products by winning several of
the industrys top awards. Lexmark continues to offer an
affordable line of wireless inkjet products in the market, with
products ranging from $79 $249. This year, Lexmark
introduced 15 inkjet products, ten of which are Wi-Fi
CERTIFIEDtm
80211g.   Additionally, Lexmark is better meeting the needs of SOHO and
business customers by offering more robustly designed and
feature rich printers with lower operating costs. Lexmarks
Professional Series line of products include highly desired
office features such as automatic document feeding and automatic
two-sided printing. Business users also prefer print output with
greater permanence. To meet this need, Lexmark offers pigmented
ink technology which delivers output that resists fading,
highlighting, water and humidity. Cost of printing is a large
concern for business customers. That is why Lexmarks
Professional Series ships with high yield cartridges to offer
the best value for business users. Lexmark also offers a
five-year warranty on some Professional Series printers to
ensure Lexmarks reliability and commitment to productivity
in the office.   Leading the new Lexmark wireless lineup is the Lexmark X7675
Wireless
All-in-One,
a wireless
four-in-one
printer print/scan/copy/fax geared to SOHO and business users
that includes features such as two-sided printing, fax, a
25-page automatic document feeder for copying and faxing, and
photo printing with Lexmarks pigmented inks. In 2008,
Lexmark also introduced the business classLexmark X4975,
Lexmark X6675 and X9575, as well as the Lexmark X4650, X4950 and
X6650 AIO printers, all of which offer wireless connectivity.
Lexmark also offers a wireless single-function printer, the
Z2420, that at the time of introduction was the most affordable
wireless printer in the inkjet market.   For users who do not require wireless printing but need a
feature-packed printer that is easy to use, the Company offers
the Lexmark X2600, the Lexmark X3650, and the Lexmark X5650
color AIO printers as well as the Lexmark Z2300 color inkjet
printer.   Dot Matrix
Products   Lexmark continues to market several dot matrix printer models
for customers who print multi-part forms.   
5   Supplies   Lexmark designs, manufactures and distributes a variety of
cartridges and other supplies for use in its installed base of
laser, inkjet and dot matrix printers. Lexmarks revenue
and profit growth from its supplies business is directly linked
to the Companys ability to increase the installed base of
its laser and inkjet products or the usage rate of those
products. Lexmarks management believes the Company is an
industry leader with regard to the recovery, remanufacture,
reuse and recycling of used laser supplies cartridges, helping
to keep empty cartridges out of landfills. Attaining that
leadership position was made possible by the Companys
various empty cartridge collection programs around the world.
Lexmark continues to launch new programs and expand existing
cartridge collection programs to further expand its
remanufacturing business and this environmental commitment.   Service and
Support   Lexmark offers a wide range of services to bring together the
Companys line of printing products and technology
solutions along with maintenance, consulting, systems
integration and distributed fleet management capabilities to
provide a comprehensive output solution. Lexmark Global Services
provide customers with an assessment of their current
environment and a recommendation and implementation plan for the
future state and ongoing optimization of their output
environment and document related workflow/business processes.
Managed print services allow organizations to outsource fleet
management, technical support, supplies replenishment and
maintenance activities to Lexmark.   Through its Distributed Fleet Management DFM
services, Lexmark provides enterprise customers with managed
print services, giving them complete visibility and control over
their printing environment. These services include asset
lifecycle management, consumables management and utilization
management. These services can be tailored to meet each
customers unique needs and give them more extensive
knowledge about their printing assets and infrastructure.   The Companys printer products generally include a warranty
period of at least one year, and customers typically have the
option to purchase an extended warranty.   Marketing and
Distribution   Lexmark employs large-account sales and marketing teams whose
mission is to generate demand for its business printing
solutions and services, primarily among large corporations as
well as the public sector. Sales and marketing teams primarily
focus on industries such as financial services, retail,
manufacturing, education, government and health care. Those
teams, in conjunction with the Companys development and
manufacturing teams, are able to customize printing solutions to
meet customer needs for printing electronic forms, media
handling, duplex printing and other document workflow solutions.
Lexmark also markets its laser and inkjet products increasingly
through SMB teams who work closely with channel partners. The
Company distributes and fulfills its products to business
customers primarily through its well-established distributor and
reseller network. Lexmarks products are also sold through
solution providers, which offer custom solutions to specific
markets, and through direct response resellers.   Lexmarks international sales and marketing activities for
business customers are organized to meet the needs of the local
jurisdictions and the size of their markets. Operations in North
America, Latin America, Asia Pacific and Western Europe focus on
large-account and SMB demand generation with orders primarily
filled through distributors and resellers.   The Companys laser printer supplies are generally
available at the customers preferred point-of-purchase
through multiple channels of distribution. Although channel mix
varies somewhat depending upon the geography, most of
Lexmarks laser supplies products sold commercially in 2008
were sold through the Companys network of
Lexmark-authorized supplies distributors and resellers, who sell
directly to end-users or to independent office supply dealers.   Lexmark distributes its branded inkjet products and supplies
through retail outlets as well as distributors and resellers
worldwide. Lexmarks sales and marketing activities are
organized to meet the needs of the   
6   various geographies and the size of their markets. In North
America, products are primarily distributed through large
discount store chains, consumer electronics stores, office
superstores, wholesale clubs, online, as well as through
distributors. The Companys Western European, Latin
American and Asia Pacific operations distribute products through
major distributors and information technology resellers and in
selected markets through key retailers.   Lexmark also sells its products through numerous alliances and
OEM arrangements. During 2008, 2007 and 2006, one customer,
Dell, accounted for $596million or approximately 13   $717million or approximately 14% and $744million or
approximately 15% of the Companys total revenue,
respectively. Sales to Dell are included in both PSSD and ISD.   Economic and
Seasonal Trends   Lexmarks business and results of operations have
historically been affected by general economic conditions. From
time to time, the Companys sales may be negatively
affected by weak economic conditions in those markets in which
the Company sells its products. The recent global economic
downturn, including unprecedented financial market disruptions,
have adversely impacted the Companys sales. If current
economic conditions persist or worsen, the Companys sales
could continue to be adversely affected.   The Company experiences some seasonal market trends in the sale
of its products and services. For example, sales are often
stronger during the second half of the year and sales in Europe
are often weaker in the summer months. Additionally, sales
during the first half of the year may also be adversely impacted
by market anticipation of seasonal trends such as new product
introductions. The impact of these seasonal trends on Lexmark
has become less predictable.   Competition   Lexmark continues to develop and market new products and
innovative solutions at competitive prices. New product
announcements by the Companys principal competitors,
however, can have, and in the past, have had, a material adverse
effect on the Companys financial results. Such new product
announcements can quickly undermine any technological
competitive edge that one manufacturer may enjoy over another
and set new market standards for price, quality, speed and
functionality. Furthermore, knowledge in the marketplace about
pending new product announcements by the Companys
competitors may also have a material adverse effect on Lexmark
as purchasers of printers may defer buying decisions until the
announcement and subsequent testing of such new products.   In recent years, Lexmark and its principal competitors, many of
which have significantly greater financial, marketing
and/or
technological resources than the Company, have regularly lowered
prices on hardware products and are expected to continue to do
so. Lexmark has experienced and remains vulnerable to these
pricing pressures. The Companys ability to grow or
maintain market share has been and may continue to be affected,
resulting in lower profitability. Lexmark expects that as it
competes with larger competitors, the Companys increased
market presence may attract more frequent challenges, both legal
and commercial, including claims of possible intellectual
property infringement.   The distributed printing market is extremely competitive. The
distributed laser printing market is dominated by
Hewlett-Packard HP, which has a widely-recognized
brand name and has been estimated to hold approximately 40% of
the market as measured in annual units shipped. With the
convergence of traditional printer and copier markets, major
laser competitors now include traditional copier companies such
as Canon, Ricoh and Xerox. Other laser competitors include
Brother, Konica Minolta, Kyocera Mita, Okidata and Samsung.   Lexmarks primary competitors in the inkjet product market
are HP, Canon and Epson, who together account for approximately
80% or more of worldwide inkjet product unit sales. The Company
must compete with these same vendors and other competitors, such
as Brother and Kodak, for retail shelf space allocated to
multifunctional printing products and their associated supplies.
Lexmark sees other   
7   competitors and the potential for new entrants into the market
possibly having an impact on the Companys growth and
market share. The entrance of a competitor that is also focused
on printing solutions could have a material adverse impact on
the Companys strategy and financial results.   Refill, remanufactured, clones, counterfeits and other
compatible alternatives for some of Lexmarks toner and ink
cartridges are available and compete with the Companys
supplies business. However, these alternatives may offer
inconsistent quality and reliability. As the installed base of
laser and inkjet products matures, the Company expects
competitive supplies activity to increase. Historically, the
Company has not experienced significant supplies pricing
pressure, but if supplies pricing were to come under significant
pressure, the Companys financial results could be
materially adversely affected.   Manufacturing   Lexmark operates manufacturing control centers in Lexington,
Kentucky; Shenzhen, China; and Geneva, Switzerland; and has
manufacturing sites in Boulder, Colorado; Juarez, Mexico; and
Lapu-Lapu City, Philippines. The Company also has customization
centers in each of the major geographies it serves.
Lexmarks manufacturing strategy is to retain control over
processes that are technologically complex, proprietary in
nature and central to the Companys business model, such as
the manufacture of toner, photoconductor and inkjet printheads.
The Company shares some of its technical expertise with certain
manufacturing partners, many of whom have facilities located in
China, which collectively provide Lexmark with substantially all
of its printer production capacity. The Company continually
reviews its manufacturing capabilities and cost structure and
makes adjustments as necessary.   Lexmarks manufacturing operations for toner and
photoconductor drums are located in Boulder, Colorado and
Juarez, Mexico. The Company continues to make significant
capital investments in its Juarez, Mexico operation to expand
cartridge assembly and selected key component manufacturing
capabilities. Laser printer cartridges are assembled by a
combination of in-house and third-party contract manufacturing.
The manufacturing control center for laser printer supplies is
located in Geneva, Switzerland.   Lexmarks manufacturing operations for inkjet printer
supplies are located in Juarez, Mexico and Lapu-Lapu City,
Philippines. As previously announced, Lexmark closed the
Chihuahua, Mexico inkjet printer supplies manufacturing
operations on December31, 2008. The manufacturing control
center for inkjet supplies is located in Geneva, Switzerland.   Materials   Lexmark procures a wide variety of components used in the
manufacturing process, including semiconductors,
electro-mechanical components and assemblies, as well as raw
materials, such as plastic resins. Although many of these
components are standard off-the-shelf parts that are available
from multiple sources, the Company often utilizes preferred
supplier relationships, and in certain cases sole supplier
relationships, to better ensure more consistent quality, cost
and delivery. Typically, these preferred suppliers maintain
alternate processes
and/or
facilities to ensure continuity of supply. Lexmark occasionally
faces capacity constraints when there has been more demand for
its products than initially projected. From time to time,
Lexmark may be required to use air shipment to expedite product
flow, which can adversely impact the Companys operating
results. Conversely, in difficult economic times, the
Companys inventory can grow as market demand declines.   During 2007 and 2008, the Company continued to execute supplier
managed inventory SMI agreements with its primary
suppliers to improve the efficiency of the supply chain.
Lexmarks management believes these SMI agreements improve
Lexmarks supply chain inventory pipeline and supply chain
flexibility which enhances responsiveness to our customers. In
addition, the Companys management believes these
agreements improve supplier visibility to product demand and
therefore improve suppliers timeliness and management of
their inventory pipelines. As of December31, 2008, a
significant majority of printers were purchased under SMI
agreements. Any impact on future operations would depend upon
factors such as the Companys ability to negotiate new SMI
agreements and future market pricing and product costs.   
8   Many components of the Companys products are sourced from
sole suppliers, including certain custom chemicals,
microprocessors, electro-mechanical components, application
specific integrated circuits and other semiconductors. The
Company is making changes in sourcing and design to drive
commonality of sub components across product families while
increasing dual sourcing for key components. In addition,
Lexmark sources some printer engines and finished products from
OEMs. Although Lexmark plans in anticipation of its future
requirements, should these components not be available from any
one of these suppliers, there can be no assurance that
production of certain of the Companys products would not
be disrupted. Such a disruption could interfere with
Lexmarks ability to manufacture and sell products and
materially adversely affect the Companys business.
Conversely, during economic slowdowns, the Company may build
inventory of components as demand decreases.   Research and
Development   Lexmarks research and development activity is focused on
laser and inkjet printers, MFPs, and associated supplies,
features, and related technologies. Over the last several years,
the Company has increased its investment in research and
development primarily to support new laser product initiatives
and to advance certain technologies. Lexmarks primary
research and development activities are conducted in Lexington,
Kentucky; Boulder, Colorado; Cebu City, Philippines; and
Kolkata, India. In the case of certain products, the Company may
elect to purchase products or key components from third-party
suppliers rather than develop them internally.   Lexmark is actively engaged in the design and development of new
products and enhancements to its existing products. Its
engineering efforts focus on technologies associated with laser,
inkjet, connectivity, document management and other customer
facing solutions, as well as design features that will increase
performance, improve ease of use and lower production costs.
Lexmark also develops related applications and tools to enable
it to efficiently provide a broad range of services. The process
of developing new products is complex and requires innovative
designs that anticipate customer needs and technological trends.
Research and development expenditures were $423million in
2008, $404million in 2007 and $371million in 2006.
The Company must make strategic decisions from time to time as
to which technologies will produce products and solutions in
market sectors that will experience the greatest future growth.
There can be no assurance that the Company can develop the more
technologically-advanced products required to remain competitive.   Backlog   Although Lexmark experiences availability constraints from time
to time for certain products, the Company generally fills its
orders within 30days of receiving them. Therefore, Lexmark
usually has a backlog of less than 30days at any one time,
which the Company does not consider material to its business.   Employees   As of December31, 2008, of the approximately
14,000employees worldwide, 3,800 are located in the
U.S.and the remaining 10,200 are located in Europe,
Canada, Latin America, Asia Pacific, the Middle East and Africa.
None of the U.S.employees are represented by a union.
Employees in France are represented by a Statutory Works Council.   Available
Information   Lexmark makes available, free of charge, electronic access to
all documents including annual reports on
Form10-K,
quarterly reports on
Form10-Q,
current reports on
Form8-K,
and any amendments to those reports, as well as any beneficial
ownership filings filed with or furnished to the Securities and
Exchange Commission SEC or the
Commission by the Company on its website at
http investor.lexmark.com
as soon as reasonably practicable after such documents are
filed. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports,
proxy and information statements, and other information
regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at
www.sec.gov.   
9   Executive
Officers of the Registrant   The executive officers of Lexmark and their respective ages,
positions and years of service with the Company are set forth
below.   	
Years With
Name of Individual   Age   Position   The Company   Paul J. Curlander   56   Chairman and Chief Executive Officer   18   John W. Gamble, Jr.   46   Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   4   Paul A. Rooke   50   Executive Vice President and President of Imaging Solutions
Division   18   Martin S. Canning   45   Vice President and President of Printing Solutions and Services
Division   10   Ronaldo M. Foresti   56   Vice President of Asia Pacific and Latin America   5   Jeri L. Isbell   51   Vice President of Human Resources   18   Robert J. Patton   47   Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary   8   Gary D. Stromquist   53   Vice President and Corporate Controller   18   Dr.Curlander has been a Director of the Company since
February 1997. Since April 1999, Dr.Curlander has been
Chairman of the Board of the Company. In May 1998,
Dr.Curlander was elected President and Chief Executive
Officer of the Company. Prior to such time, Dr.Curlander
served as President and Chief Operating Officer and Executive
Vice President, Operations of the Company.   Mr.Gamble has been Executive Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer of the Company since September 2005 when he
joined the Company. Prior to joining the Company and since
February 2003, Mr.Gamble served as Executive Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer of Agere Systems, Inc.
Agere. From January 2003 to February 2003,
Mr.Gamble served as Senior Vice President and Business
Controller of Agere.   Mr.Rooke has been Executive Vice President and President
of the Companys Imaging Solutions Division
ISD since January 2009. From July 2007 to January
2009, Mr.Rooke served as Executive Vice President and
President of the Companys Consumer Printer Division
CPD. From November 2002 to July 2007,
Mr.Rooke served as Executive Vice President and President
of the Companys Printing Solutions and Services Division
PSSD.   Mr.Canning has been Vice President and President of PSSD
since July 2007. Prior to such time and since January 2006,
Mr.Canning served as Vice President and General Manager,
PSSD Worldwide Marketing and Lexmark Services and PSSD North
American Sales and Marketing. From August 2002 to January 2006,
Mr.Canning served as Vice President and General Manager,
PSSD Worldwide Marketing and Lexmark Services.   Mr.Foresti has been Vice President of Asia Pacific and
Latin America since January 2008. Prior to such time and since
May 2003, Mr.Foresti served as Vice President and General
Manager of Latin America.   Ms.Isbell has been Vice President of Human Resources of
the Company since February 2003. From January 2001 to February
2003, Ms.Isbell served as Vice President of Worldwide
Compensation and Resource Programs in the Companys Human
Resources department.   
10   Mr.Patton has been Vice President, General Counsel and
Secretary of Lexmark International, Inc. since October 2008.
From June 2008 to October 2008, Mr.Patton served as Acting
General Counsel and Secretary. Prior to such time and since
February 2001, Mr.Patton served as Corporate Counsel.   Mr.Stromquist has been Vice President and Corporate
Controller of the Company since July 2001.   Intellectual
Property   The Companys intellectual property is one of its major
assets and the ownership of the technology used in its products
is important to its competitive position. Lexmark seeks to
establish and maintain the proprietary rights in its technology
and products through the use of patents, copyrights, trademarks,
trade secret laws, and confidentiality agreements.   Lexmark holds a portfolio of approximately 1,500
U.S.patents and approximately 950 pending U.S.patent
applications. The Company also holds approximately 2,120 foreign
patents and pending patent applications. The inventions claimed
in these patents and patent applications cover aspects of the
Companys current and potential future products,
manufacturing processes, business methods and related
technologies. The Company is developing a portfolio of patents
that protects its product lines and offers the possibility of
entering into licensing agreements with others.   Lexmark has a variety of intellectual property licensing and
cross-licensing agreements with a number of third parties.
Certain of Lexmarks material license agreements, including
those that permit the Company to manufacture some of its current
products, terminate as to specific products upon certain
changes of control of the Company.   The Company has trademark registrations or pending trademark
applications for the name LEXMARK in approximately 90 countries
for various categories of goods and services. Lexmark also owns
a number of trademark applications and registrations for various
product names. The Company holds worldwide copyrights in
computer code and publications of various types. Other
proprietary information is protected through formal procedures,
which include confidentiality agreements with employees and
other entities.   Lexmarks success depends in part on its ability to obtain
patents, copyrights and trademarks, maintain trade secret
protection and operate without infringing the proprietary rights
of others. While Lexmark designs its products to avoid
infringing the intellectual property rights of others, current
or future claims of intellectual property infringement, and the
expenses resulting therefrom, could materially adversely affect
its business, operating results and financial condition.
Expenses incurred by the Company in obtaining licenses to use
the intellectual property rights of others and to enforce its
intellectual property rights against others also could
materially affect its business, operating results and financial
condition. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries may
not protect Lexmarks proprietary rights to the same extent
as the laws of the U.S.   Environmental and
Regulatory Matters   Lexmarks operations, both domestically and
internationally, are subject to numerous laws and regulations,
particularly relating to environmental matters that impose
limitations on the discharge of pollutants into the air, water
and soil and establish standards for the treatment, storage and
disposal of solid and hazardous wastes. Over time, the Company
has implemented numerous programs to recover, remanufacture and
recycle certain of its products and intends to continue to
expand on initiatives that have a positive effect on the
environment. Lexmark is also required to have permits from a
number of governmental agencies in order to conduct various
aspects of its business. Compliance with these laws and
regulations has not had, and in the future is not expected to
have, a material effect on the capital expenditures, earnings or
competitive position of the Company. There can be no assurance,
however, that future changes in environmental laws or
regulations, or in the criteria required to obtain or maintain
necessary permits, will not have an adverse effect on the
Companys operations.   
11   
Item1A.
Risk
Factors   The following significant factors, as well as others of which we
are unaware or deem to be immaterial at this time, could
materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or
operating results in the future. Therefore, the following
information should be considered carefully together with other
information contained in this report. Past financial performance
may not be a reliable indicator of future performance, and
historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or
trends in future periods.   Unprecedented
worldwide financial market disruption and deteriorating economic
conditions could adversely impact the Companys revenue,
operating income and other financial results.   
The United States and other countries around the world have been
experiencing deteriorating economic conditions, including
unprecedented financial market disruption. If this trend in
economic conditions continues or deteriorates further, it could
adversely affect the Companys results in future periods.
During an economic downturn, demand for the Companys
products may decrease. Restrictions on credit globally and
foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations in certain countries
may impact economic activity and the Companys results.
Credit risk associated with the Companys customers,
channel partners and the Companys investment portfolio may
also be adversely impacted. Additionally, although the Company
does not anticipate needing additional capital in the near term
due to the Companys strong current financial position,
financial market disruption may make it difficult for the
Company to raise additional capital, when needed, on acceptable
terms or at all. The interest rate environment and general
economic conditions could also impact the investment income the
Company is able to earn on its investment portfolio.   
Continued softness in certain markets and industries,
constrained IT spending, and uncertainty about global economic
conditions could result in lower demand for the Companys
products, including supplies. Weakness in demand has resulted in
intense price competition and may result in excessive inventory
for the Company
and/or its
reseller channel, which may adversely affect sales, pricing,
risk of obsolescence
and/or other
elements of the Companys operating results. Ongoing
weakness in demand for the Companys hardware products may
also cause erosion of the installed base of products over time,
thereby reducing the opportunities for supplies sales in the
future.   The competitive
pricing pressure in the market may negatively impact the
Companys operating results.   
The Company and its major competitors, many of which have
significantly greater financial, marketing
and/or
technological resources than the Company, have regularly lowered
prices on their products and are expected to continue to do so.
In particular, both the inkjet and laser printer markets have
experienced and are expected to continue to experience
significant price pressure. Price reductions on inkjet or laser
products or the inability to reduce costs, including warranty
costs, to contain expenses or to increase or maintain sales as
currently expected, as well as price protection measures, could
result in lower profitability and jeopardize the Companys
ability to grow or maintain its market share. In recent years,
the gross margins on the Companys hardware products have
been under pressure as a result of competitive pricing pressures
in the market. If the Company is unable to reduce costs to
offset this competitive pricing or product mix pressure, and the
Company is unable to support declining gross margins through the
sale of supplies, the Companys operating results and
future profitability may be negatively impacted. Historically,
the Company has not experienced significant supplies pricing
pressure, but if supplies pricing was to come under significant
pressure, the Companys financial results could be
materially adversely affected.   
12   The
Companys ability to be successful in shifting its strategy
and selling its products into the higher-usage segments of the
inkjet market could adversely affect future operating
results.   
The Companys future operating results may be adversely
affected if it is unable to successfully develop, manufacture,
market and sell products into the geographic and customer and
product segments of the inkjet market that support higher usage
of supplies.   Conflicts among
various sales channels and the loss of retail shelf space may
negatively impact the Companys operating
results.   
The Company markets and sells its products through several sales
channels. The Company has also advanced a strategy of forming
alliances and OEM arrangements with many companies. The
Companys future operating results may be adversely
affected by any conflicts that might arise between or among its
various sales channels, the volume reduction in or loss of any
alliance or OEM arrangement or the loss of retail shelf space.
Aggressive pricing on laser and inkjet products and/or
associated supplies from customers and resellers, including,
without limitation, OEM customers, could result in a material
adverse impact on the Companys strategy and financial
results.   The revenue and
profitability of our operations have historically varied, which
makes our future financial results less predictable.   
Our revenue, gross margin and profit vary among our hardware,
supplies and services, product groups and geographic markets and
therefore will likely be different in future periods than our
current results. Overall gross margins and profitability in any
given period is dependent upon the hardware/supplies mix, the
mix of hardware products sold, and the geographic mix reflected
in that periods revenue. Overall market trends, seasonal
market trends, competitive pressures, pricing, commoditization
of products, increased component or shipping costs and other
factors may result in reductions in revenue or pressure on gross
margins in a given period.   The Company may
experience difficulties in product transitions negatively
impacting the Companys performance and operating
results.   
The introduction of products by the Company or its competitors,
or delays in customer purchases of existing products in
anticipation of new product introductions by the Company or its
competitors and market acceptance of new products and pricing
programs, any disruption in the supply of new or existing
products as well as the costs of any product recall or increased
warranty, repair or replacement costs due to quality issues, the
reaction of competitors to any such new products or programs,
the life cycles of the Companys products, as well as
delays in product development and manufacturing, and variations
in cost, including but not limited to component parts, raw
materials, commodities, energy, products, labor rates,
distributors, fuel and variations in supplier terms and
conditions, may impact sales, may cause a buildup in the
Companys inventories, make the transition from current
products to new products difficult and could adversely affect
the Companys future operating results.   The
Companys failure to manage inventory levels or production
capacity may negatively impact the Companys operating
results.   
The Companys performance depends in part upon its ability
to successfully forecast the timing and extent of customer
demand and reseller demand to manage worldwide distribution and
inventory levels of the Company. Unexpected fluctuations in
reseller inventory levels could disrupt ordering patterns and
may adversely affect the Companys financial results. In
addition, the financial failure or loss of a key customer,
reseller or supplier could have a material adverse impact on the
Companys financial results. The Company must also be able
to address production and supply constraints, including product
disruptions caused by quality issues, and delays or disruptions
in the supply of key components necessary for production. Such
delays, disruptions or shortages may result in lost   
13   
revenue or in the Company incurring additional costs to meet
customer demand. The Companys future operating results and
its ability to effectively grow or maintain its market share may
be adversely affected if it is unable to address these issues on
a timely basis.   The
Companys inability to meet customer product requirements
on a cost competitive basis may negatively impact the
Companys operating results.   
The Companys future operating results may be adversely
affected if it is unable to continue to develop, manufacture and
market products that are reliable, competitive, and meet
customers needs. The markets for laser and inkjet products
and associated supplies are aggressively competitive, especially
with respect to pricing and the introduction of new technologies
and products offering improved features and functionality. In
addition, the introduction of any significant new
and/or
disruptive technology or business model by a competitor that
substantially changes the markets into which the Company sells
its products or demand for the products sold by the Company
could severely impact sales of the Companys products and
the Companys operating results. The impact of competitive
activities on the sales volumes or revenue of the Company, or
the Companys inability to effectively deal with these
competitive issues, could have a material adverse effect on the
Companys ability to attract and retain OEM customers,
maintain or grow retail shelf space or maintain or grow market
share. The competitive pressure to develop technology and
products and to increase the Companys investment in
research and development and marketing expenditures also could
cause significant changes in the level of the Companys
operating expense.   Any failure by
the Company to execute planned cost reduction measures timely
and successfully could result in total costs and expenses that
are greater than expected or the failure to meet operational
goals as a result of such actions.   
The Company has undertaken cost reduction measures over the last
few years in an effort to optimize the Companys expense
structure. Such actions have included workforce reductions, the
consolidation of manufacturing capacity, and the centralization
of support functions to regional and global shared service
centers. In particular, the Companys manufacturing and
support functions are becoming more heavily concentrated in
China and the Philippines. The Company expects to realize cost
savings in the future through these actions and may announce
future actions to further reduce its worldwide workforce
and/or
centralize its operations. The risks associated with these
actions include potential delays in their implementation,
particularly workforce reductions; increased costs associated
with such actions; decreases in employee morale and the failure
to meet operational targets due to unplanned departures of
employees, particularly key employees and sales employees.   Decreased
consumption of supplies could negatively impact the
Companys operating results.   
The Companys future operating results may be adversely
affected if the consumption of its supplies by end users of its
products is lower than expected or declines, if there are
declines in pricing, unfavorable mix
and/or
increased costs.   Changes in the
Companys tax provisions or tax liabilities could
negatively impact the Companys profitability.   
The Companys effective tax rate could be adversely
affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with
differing statutory tax rates. In addition, the amount of income
tax the Company pays is subject to ongoing audits in various
jurisdictions. A material assessment by a taxing authority or a
decision to repatriate foreign cash could adversely affect the
Companys profitability.   
14   Due to the
international nature of our business, changes in a
countrys or regions political or economic conditions
or other factors could negatively impact the Companys
revenue, financial condition or operating results.   
Revenue derived from international sales make up more than half
of the Companys revenue. Accordingly, the Companys
future results could be adversely affected by a variety of
factors, including changes in a specific countrys or
regions political or economic conditions, foreign currency
exchange rate fluctuations, trade protection measures and
unexpected changes in regulatory requirements. In addition,
changes in tax laws and the ability to repatriate cash
accumulated outside the U.S.in a tax efficient manner may
adversely affect the Companys financial results,
investment flexibility and operations. Moreover, margins on
international sales tend to be lower than those on domestic
sales, and the Company believes that international operations in
emerging geographic markets will be less profitable than
operations in the U.S.and European markets, in part,
because of the higher investment levels for marketing, selling
and distribution required to enter these markets.   
In many foreign countries, particularly those with developing
economies, it is common for local business practices to be
prohibited by laws and regulations applicable to the Company,
such as employment laws, fair trade laws or the Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act. Although the Company implements policies and
procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws, our
employees, contractors and agents, as well as those business
partners to which we outsource certain of our business
operations, may take actions in violation of our policies. Any
such violation, even if prohibited by our policies, could have a
material adverse effect on our business and our reputation.
Because of the challenges in managing a geographically dispersed
workforce, there also may be additional opportunities for
employees to commit fraud or personally engage in practices
which violate the policies and procedures of the Company.   The failure of
the Companys information technology systems, or its
failure to successfully implement new information technology
systems, may negatively impact the Companys operating
results.   
The Company depends on its information technology systems for
the development, manufacture, distribution, marketing, sales and
support of its products and services. Any failure in such
systems, or the systems of a partner or supplier, may adversely
affect the Companys operating results. The Company also
may not be successful in implementing new systems or
transitioning data, including a current project to implement a
new enterprise-wide system. Because vast quantities of the
Companys products flow through only a few distribution
centers to provide product to various geographic regions, the
failure of information technology systems or any other
disruption affecting those product distribution centers could
have a material adverse impact on the Companys ability to
deliver product and on the Companys financial results.   Any failure by
the Company to successfully outsource the infrastructure support
of its information technology system and application maintenance
functions and centralize certain of its support functions may
disrupt these systems or functions and could have a material
adverse effect on the Companys systems of internal control
and financial reporting.   
The Company has migrated the infrastructure support of its
information technology system and application maintenance
functions to third-party service providers. The Company is in
the process of centralizing certain of its accounting and other
finance functions and order-to-cash functions from various
countries to shared service centers. The Company is also in the
process of reducing, consolidating and moving various parts of
its general and administrative resource, supply chain resource
and marketing and sales support structure. Many of these
processes and functions are moving to lower-cost countries,
including China, India and the Philippines. Any disruption in
these systems, processes or functions could have a material
adverse impact on the Companys operations, its financial
results, its systems of internal controls and its ability to
accurately record and report transactions and financial results.   
15   The
Companys reliance on international production facilities,
international manufacturing partners and certain key suppliers
could negatively impact the Companys operating
results.   
The Company relies in large part on its international production
facilities and international manufacturing partners, many of
which are located in China and the Philippines, for the
manufacture of its products and key components of its products.
Future operating results may also be adversely affected by
several other factors, including, without limitation, if the
Companys international operations or manufacturing
partners are unable to perform or supply products reliably, if
there are disruptions in international trade, trade
restrictions, import duties, Buy American
constraints, disruptions at important geographic points of exit
and entry, if there are difficulties in transitioning such
manufacturing activities among the Company, its international
operations
and/or its
manufacturing partners, or if there arise production and supply
constraints which result in additional costs to the Company. The
financial failure or loss of a sole supplier or significant
supplier of products or key components, or their inability to
produce the required quantities, could result in a material
adverse impact on the Companys operating results.   The entrance of
additional competitors that are focused on printing solutions
could negatively impact the Companys strategy and
operating results.   
The entrance of additional competitors that are focused on
printing solutions could further intensify competition in the
inkjet and laser printer markets and could have a material
adverse impact on the Companys strategy and financial
results.   The
Companys inability to perform satisfactorily under service
contracts for managed print services may negatively impact the
Companys strategy and operating results.   
The Companys inability to perform satisfactorily under
service contracts for managed print services and other customer
services may result in the loss of customers, loss of reputation
and/or
financial consequences that may have a material adverse impact
on the Companys financial results and strategy.   Increased
competition in the Companys aftermarket supplies business
may negatively impact the Companys revenue and gross
margins.   
Refill, remanufactured, clones, counterfeits and other
compatible alternatives for some of the Companys
cartridges are available and compete with the Companys
supplies business. The Company expects competitive supplies
activity to increase. Various legal challenges and governmental
activities may intensify competition for the Companys
aftermarket supplies business.   New legislation,
fees on the Companys products or litigation costs required
to protect the Companys rights may negatively impact the
Companys cost structure, access to components and
operating results.   
Certain countries primarily in Europe
and/or
collecting societies representing copyright owners
interests have commenced proceedings to impose fees on devices
such as scanners, printers and multifunction devices alleging
the copyright owners are entitled to compensation because these
devices enable reproducing copyrighted content. Other countries
are also considering imposing fees on certain devices. The
amount of fees, if imposed, would depend on the number of
products sold and the amounts of the fee on each product, which
will vary by product and by country. The financial impact on the
Company, which will depend in large part upon the outcome of
local legislative processes, the Companys and other
industry participants outcome in contesting the fees and
the Companys ability to mitigate that impact by increasing
prices, which ability will depend upon competitive market
conditions, remains uncertain. The outcome of the copyright fee
issue could adversely affect the Companys operating
results and business.   
16   The
Companys inability to obtain and protect its intellectual
property and defend against claims of infringement by others may
negatively impact the Companys operating
results.   
The Companys success depends in part on its ability to
develop technology and obtain patents, copyrights and
trademarks, and maintain trade secret protection, to protect its
intellectual property against theft, infringement or other
misuse by others. The Company must also conduct its operations
without infringing the proprietary rights of others. Current or
future claims of intellectual property infringement could
prevent the Company from obtaining technology of others and
could otherwise materially and adversely affect its operating
results or business, as could expenses incurred by the Company
in obtaining intellectual property rights, enforcing its
intellectual property rights against others or defending against
claims that the Companys products infringe the
intellectual property rights of others, that the Company engages
in false or deceptive practices or that its conduct is
anti-competitive.   Cost reduction
efforts associated with the Companys compensation and
benefits programs could adversely affect our ability to attract
and retain employees.   
The Company has historically used stock options and other forms
of share-based payment awards as key components of the total
rewards program for employee compensation in order to align
employees interests with the interests of stockholders,
motivate employees, encourage employee retention and provide
competitive compensation and benefits packages. As a result of
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123R, the
Company incurs an increased compensation cost associated with
its share-based compensation programs, and as a result has
reviewed its compensation strategy and reduced the size of the
awards and changed the form of awards in light of the current
regulatory and competitive environment. Due to this change in
compensation strategy, combined with other retirement and
benefit plan changes and reductions undertaken to reduce costs,
the Company may find it difficult to attract, retain and
motivate employees, and any such difficulty could materially
adversely affect its operating results.   Business
disruptions could seriously harm our future revenue and
financial condition and increase our costs and
expenses.   
Our worldwide operations and those of our manufacturing
partners, suppliers, and freight transporters, among others, are
subject to natural and manmade disasters and other business
interruptions such as earthquakes, tsunamis, floods, hurricanes,
typhoons, fires, extreme weather conditions, environmental
hazards, power shortages, water shortages and telecommunications
failures. The occurrence of any of these business disruptions
could seriously harm our revenue and financial condition and
increase our costs and expenses. As the Company continues its
consolidation of certain functions into shared service centers
and movement of certain functions to lower cost countries, the
probability and impact of business disruptions may be increased
over time.   Terrorist acts,
acts of war or other political conflicts may negatively impact
the Companys ability to manufacture and sell its
products.   
Terrorist attacks and the potential for future terrorist attacks
have created many political and economic uncertainties, some of
which may affect the Companys future operating results.
Future terrorist attacks, the national and international
responses to such attacks, and other acts of war or hostility
may affect the Companys facilities, employees, suppliers,
customers, transportation networks and supply chains, or may
affect the Company in ways that are not capable of being
predicted presently.   
17   The outbreak of a
communicable disease may negatively impact the health and
welfare of the Companys customers, channel partners,
employees and those of its manufacturing partners and negatively
impact the Companys operating results.   
The Company relies heavily on the health and welfare of its
employees, the employees of its manufacturing and distribution
partners and customers. The widespread outbreak of any form of
communicable disease affecting a large number of workers could
adversely impact the Companys operating results.   Any variety of
factors unrelated to the Companys operating performance
may negatively impact the Companys operating results or
the Companys stock price.   
Factors unrelated to the Companys operating performance,
including the financial failure or loss of significant
customers, resellers, manufacturing partners or suppliers; the
outcome of pending and future litigation or governmental
proceedings; and the ability to retain and attract key
personnel, could also adversely affect the Companys
operating results. In addition, the Companys stock price,
like that of other technology companies, can be volatile.
Trading activity in the Companys common stock,
particularly the trading of large blocks and intraday trading in
the Companys common stock, may affect the Companys
common stock price.   
Item 1.   BUSINESS   1   Item 1A.   RISK FACTORS   12   Item 1B.   UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS   18   Item 2.   PROPERTIES   18   Item 3.   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   18   Item 4.
PROPERTIES   Lexmarks corporate headquarters and principal development
facilities are located on a 374acre campus in Lexington,
Kentucky. At December31, 2008, the Company owned or leased
75million square feet of administrative, sales, service,
research and development, warehouse and manufacturing facilities
worldwide. The Companys properties are used by both PSSD
and ISD. Approximately 37million square feet is located
in the U.S.and the remainder is located in various
international locations. The Companys principal
international manufacturing facilities are located in Mexico and
the Philippines. The principal domestic manufacturing facility
is located in Colorado. The Company occupies facilities for
development in the U.S., India and the Philippines. The Company
owns approximately 66percent of the worldwide square
footage and leases the remaining 34percent. The leased
property has various lease expiration dates. The Company
believes that it can readily obtain appropriate additional space
as may be required at competitive rates by extending expiring
leases or finding alternative space.   None of the property owned by Lexmark is held subject to any
major encumbrances and the Company believes that its facilities
are in good operating condition.   
Item3.
LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS   On December30, 2002 02 action and
March16, 2004 04 action, the Company filed
claims against Static Control Components, Inc. SCC
in the U.S.District Court for the Eastern District of
Kentucky the District Court alleging violation of
the Companys intellectual property and state law rights.
Similar claims in a separate action were filed by the Company in
the District Court against David Abraham and Clarity Imaging
Technologies, Inc. Clarity on October8,
2004. SCC and Clarity have filed counterclaims against the
Company in the District Court alleging that the Company engaged
in anti-competitive and monopolistic conduct and unfair and
deceptive trade practices in violation of the Sherman Act, the
Lanham Act and state laws. SCC has stated in its legal documents
that it is seeking approximately $178million to
$195million in damages for the Companys alleged
anticompetitive conduct and approximately $1billion for
Lexmarks alleged violation of the Lanham Act. Clarity has
not stated a damage dollar amount. SCC and Clarity are seeking
treble damages, attorney fees, costs and injunctive relief. On
September28, 2006, the District Court dismissed the
counterclaims filed by SCC alleging that the Company engaged in
anti-competitive and monopolistic conduct and unfair and
deceptive trade practices in violation of the Sherman   
18   Act, the Lanham Act and state laws. On October13, 2006,
SCC filed a Motion for Reconsideration of the District
Courts Order dismissing SCCs claims, or in the
alternative, to amend its pleadings, which the District Court
denied on June1, 2007. On October13, 2006, the
District Court issued an order to stay the action brought
against David Abraham and Clarity until a final judgment or
settlement are entered into in the consolidated 02 and 04
actions. On June20, 2007, the District Court Judge ruled
that SCC directly infringed one of Lexmarks
patents-in-suit.
On June22, 2007, the jury returned a verdict that SCC did
not induce infringement of Lexmarks
patents-in-suit.
As to SCCs defense that the Company has committed patent
misuse, in an advisory, non-binding capacity, the jury did find
some Company conduct constituted misuse. In the jurys
advisory, non-binding findings, the jury also found that the
relevant market was the cartridge market rather than the printer
market and that the Company had unreasonably restrained
competition in that market. On October3, 2008, the
District Court Judge issued a memorandum opinion denying various
motions made by the Company that sought to reverse the
jurys finding that SCC did not induce infringement of
Lexmarks
patents-in-suit.
The District Court Judge did, however, grant the Companys
motion that SCCs equitable defenses, including patent
misuse, were moot. As a result, the jurys advisory
findings on misuse, including the jurys finding that the
relevant market was the cartridge market rather than the printer
market and that the Company had unreasonably restrained
competition in that market, were not adopted by the District
Court. A final judgment for the 02 action and the 04 action has
not yet been entered by the District Court.   The Company is also party to various litigation and other legal
matters, including claims of intellectual property infringement
and various purported consumer class action lawsuits alleging,
among other things, various product defects and false and
deceptive advertising claims, that are being handled in the
ordinary course of business. In addition, various governmental
authorities have from time to time initiated inquiries and
investigations, some of which are ongoing, concerning the
activities of participants in the markets for printers and
supplies. The Company intends to continue to cooperate fully
with those governmental authorities in these matters.   Although it is not reasonably possible to estimate whether a
loss will occur as a result of these legal matters, or if a loss
should occur, the amount of such loss, the Company does not
believe that any legal matters to which it is a party is likely
to have a material adverse effect on the Companys
financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
However, there can be no assurance that any pending legal
matters or any legal matters that may arise in the future would
not have a material adverse effect on the Companys
financial position, results of operations or cash flows.   
Item 1.   BUSINESS   1   Item 1A.   RISK FACTORS   12   Item 1B.   UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS   18   Item 2.   PROPERTIES   18   Item 3.   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   18   Item 4.
MARKET
FOR REGISTRANTS COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES   Market
Information   Lexmarks ClassA Common Stock is traded on the New
York Stock Exchange under the symbol LXK. As of
February20, 2009, there were 3,035holders of record
of the ClassA Common Stock and there were no holders of
record of the ClassB Common Stock. Information regarding
the market prices of the Companys ClassA Common
Stock appears in PartII, Item8, Note19 of the
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.   Dividend
Policy   The Company has never declared or paid any cash dividends on the
ClassA Common Stock and has no current plans to pay cash
dividends on the ClassA Common Stock. The payment of any
future cash dividends will be determined by the Companys
board of directors in light of conditions then existing,
including the Companys earnings, financial condition and
capital requirements, restrictions in financing agreements,
business conditions, tax laws, certain corporate law
requirements and various other factors.   Issuer Purchases
of Equity Securities   	
Approximate Dollar
Total Number of
Value of Shares That
Total
Shares Purchased as
May Yet Be
Number of
Part of Publicly
Purchased Under the
Shares
Average Price Paid
Announced Plans or
Plans or Programs
Period   Purchased
23   Per Share
23   Programs
23   In Millions
123     October 1-31, 2008   4,551,989     2362   4,551,989     5059   November 1-30, 2008          5059   December 1-31, 2008   658,585   2278   658,585   4909   Total   5,210,574     2351   5,210,574     
1
In May 2008, the Company received authorization from the Board
of Directors to repurchase an additional $750million of
its ClassA Common Stock for a total repurchase authority
of $465billion. As of December31, 2008, there was
approximately $05billion of share repurchase authority
remaining. This repurchase authority allows the Company, at
managements discretion, to selectively repurchase its
stock from time to time in the open market or in privately
negotiated transactions depending upon market price and other
factors. For the three months ended December31, 2008, the
Company repurchased approximately 52million shares at a
cost of $1225million through two accelerated share
repurchase agreements ASR described in the notes
immediately below. As of December31, 2008, since the
inception of the program in April 1996, the Company had
repurchased approximately 916million shares for an
aggregate cost of approximately $42billion.     2
On August28, 2008, the Company entered into an accelerated
share repurchase agreement with a financial institution
counterparty. Under the terms of the ASR, the Company paid
$1500million targeting 41million shares based on
an initial price of $3690. On September3, 2008, the
Company took delivery of 85% of the shares, or 35million
shares at a cost of $1275million, and included these
shares in the Companys third quarter
10-Q
repurchase table. On October21, 2008, the counterparty
delivered 12million additional shares in final settlement
of the agreement, bringing the total shares repurchased under
the ASR to 47million shares at an average price per share
of $3191. The delivery of the 12million shares as well
as the recognition of the remaining 15% of the initial payment,
or $225million, are included in the October activity in
the table above.     3
On October21, 2008, the Company entered into an
accelerated share repurchase agreement with a financial
institution counterparty. Under the terms of the ASR, the
Company paid $1000million targeting 39million
shares based on an initial price of $2571. On October24,
2008, the Company took delivery of 85% of the shares, or
33million shares at a cost of $850million, and has
included these shares in the October activity in the table
above. On December26, 2008, the counterparty delivered
07million additional shares in final settlement of the
agreement, bringing the total shares repurchased under the ASR
to 40million shares at an average price per share of
$2522. The delivery of the 07million shares as well as
the recognition of the remaining 15% of the initial payment, or
$150million, make up the December activity in the table
above.   
20   Performance
Graph   The following graph compares cumulative total stockholder return
on the Companys ClassA Common Stock with a broad
performance indicator, the SP Composite 500 Stock Index,
and an industry index, the SP 500 Information Technology
Index, for the period from December31, 2003, to
December31, 2008. The graph assumes that the value of the
investment in the ClassA Common Stock and each index were
$100 at December31, 2003, and that all dividends were
reinvested.   COMPARISON OF
CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURNS      	
12/31/03   12/31/04   12/30/05   12/29/06   12/31/07   12/31/08   Lexmark International, Inc.     100     108     57     93     44     34   SP 500 Index   100   111   116   135   142   90   SP 500 Information Technology Index   100   103   104   112   131   74   Source: Standard Poors Compustat   
21   Equity
Compensation Plan Information   The following table provides information about the
Companys equity compensation plans as of December31,
2008   Number of
Securities in Millions   	
Number of Securities to be
Weighted Average Exercise
Number of Securities
Issued Upon Exercise of
Price of Outstanding
Remaining Available for Future
Outstanding Options,
Options, Warrants and
Issuance Under Equity
Plan Category   Warrants and Rights   Rights
1   Compensation Plans     Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders   113   2     6762   47   3   Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders
4   07   4537   03   Total   120     6616   50     
1
The numbers in this column
represent the weighted average exercise price of stock options
only.
2
As of December31, 2008, of
the approximately 113million awards outstanding under the
equity compensation plans approved by stockholders, there were
approximately 98million stock options of which 9,395,000
are employee stock options and 398,000 are nonemployee director
stock options, 14million restricted stock units
RSUs and supplemental deferred stock units
DSUs of which 1,396,000 are employee RSUs and
supplemental DSUs and 7,000 are nonemployee director RSUs, and
73,000 elective DSUs of which 21,000 are employee elective DSUs
and 52,000 are nonemployee director elective DSUs that pertain
to voluntary elections by certain members of management to defer
all or a portion of their annual incentive compensation and by
certain nonemployee directors to defer all or a portion of their
annual retainer, chair retainer and/or meeting fees, that would
have otherwise been paid in cash.
3
Of the 47million shares
available, 43million relate to employee plans of which
16million may be granted as full-value awards and
04million relate to the nonemployee director plan.
4
Lexmark has only one equity
compensation plan which has not been approved by its
stockholders, the Lexmark International, Inc. Broad-Based
Employee Stock Incentive Plan the Broad-Based
Plan. The Broad-Based Plan, which was established on
December19, 2000, provides for the issuance of up to
16million shares of the Companys common stock
pursuant to stock incentive awards including stock options,
stock appreciation rights, performance awards, RSUs and DSUs
granted to the Companys employees, other than its
directors and executive officers. The Broad-Based Plan expressly
provides that the Companys directors and executive
officers are not eligible to participate in the Plan. The
Broad-Based Plan limits the number of shares subject to
full-value awards e.g., restricted stock units and performance
awards to 50,000shares. The Companys board of
directors may at any time terminate or suspend the Broad-Based
Plan, and from time to time, amend or modify the Broad-Based
Plan, but any amendment which would lower the minimum exercise
price for options and stock appreciation rights or materially
modify the requirements for eligibility to participate in the
Broad-Based Plan, requires the approval of the Companys
stockholders. In January 2001, all employees other than the
Companys directors, executive officers and senior
managers, were awarded stock options under the Broad-Based Plan.
All 07million awards outstanding under the equity
compensation plan not approved by stockholders are in the form
of stock options.
22   
Item6.
SELECTED
FINANCIAL DATA   The table below summarizes recent financial information for the
Company. For further information refer to the Companys
Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto presented
under PartII, Item8 of this
Form10-K.   Dollars in
Millions, Except per Share Data   	
2008   2007   2006   2005   2004   Statement of Earnings Data     Revenue     4,5284     4,9739     5,1081     5,2215     5,3138   Cost of revenue
1   2,9938   3,4103   3,4621   3,5859   3,5224     Gross profit   1,5346   1,5636   1,6460   1,6356   1,7914     Research and development   4233   4038   3705   3364   3127   Selling, general and administrative
1   8073   8128   7618   7551   7466   Restructuring and related charges
1   268   257   712   104        Operating expense   1,2574   1,2423   1,2035   1,1019   1,0593     Operating
income12   2772   3213   4425   5337   7321   Interest income expense, net   61     212     221     265     145     Other income expense, net
3   74   70     53   65   01     Earnings before income
taxes123   2759   3495   4593   5537   7465   Provision for income taxes
4   357   487   1209   1974   1778     Net earnings
1234     2402     3008     3384     3563     5687     Diluted net earnings per common
share1234     269     314     327     291     428   Shares used in per share calculation   892   958   1035   1223   1329   Statement of Financial Position Data     Cash and current marketable securities     9733     7961     5509     8888     1,5667   Working capital   8052   5695   5060   9359   1,5332   Total assets   3,2654   3,1211   2,8490   3,3301   4,1243   Total debt   6542   1499   1498   1496   1510   Stockholders equity   8121   1,2783   1,0352   1,4287   2,0829     Other Key Data   Net cash from operations
5     4821     5642     6709     5764     7754   Capital expenditures     2177     1827     2002     2013     1983   Debt to total capital ratio
6   45     10     13     9     7     
1
Amounts in 2008 include
restructuring-related charges and project costs of
$927million. Restructuring-related charges of
$272million and $81million related to accelerated
depreciation on certain fixed assets are included in Cost of
revenue and Selling, general and administrative,
respectively. Restructuring-related charges of
$268million relating to employee termination benefits and
contract termination charges are included in Restructuring
and related charges. Project costs of $153million are
included in Cost of revenue, and $153million are
included in Selling, general and administrative.
Amounts in 2007 include
restructuring-related charges and project costs of
$520million. Restructuring-related charges of
$51million relating to accelerated depreciation on
certain fixed assets are included in Cost of revenue.
Restructuring-related charges of $257million relating to
employee termination benefit charges are included in
Restructuring and related charges. Project costs of
$119million and $93million are included in Cost
of revenue and Selling, general and administrative,
respectively.
Amounts in 2006 include the impact
of restructuring-related charges and project costs of
$1252million net of a $99million pension
curtailment gain. Restructuring-related charges of
$400million relating to accelerated depreciation on
certain fixed assets are included in Cost of revenue.
Restructuring-related charges of $811million relating to
employee termination benefits and contract termination and lease
termination charges and the $99million pension
curtailment gain are included in Restructuring and related
charges. Project costs of $21million and
$119million are included in Cost of revenue and
Selling, general and administrative, respectively.
Amounts in 2005 include one-time
termination benefit charges of $104million in connection
with a workforce reduction.
2
Amounts in 2008, 2007 and 2006
include $328million, $413million and
$432million, respectively, of pre-tax stock-based
compensation expense due to the Companys adoption of
SFAS123R on January1, 2006.
3
Amounts in 2007 include an
$81million pre-tax foreign exchange gain realized upon
the substantial liquidation of the Companys Scotland
entity.
4
Amounts in 2008 include an
$116million benefit from nonrecurring tax items.
Amounts in 2007 include an
$184million benefit from the reversal of previously
accrued taxes primarily related to the settlement of a tax audit
outside the U.S. and $112million of benefits resulting
from adjustments to previously recorded taxes.
Amounts in 2006 include a
$143million benefit from the reversal of previously
accrued taxes related to the finalization of certain tax audits
and the expiration of various domestic and foreign statutes of
limitations.
Amounts in 2005 include a
$519million charge from the repatriation of foreign
dividends under the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004.
Amounts in 2004 include a
$200million benefit from the resolution of income tax
matters.
5
Cash flows from investing and
financing activities, which are not presented, are integral
components of total cash flow activity.
6
The debt to total capital ratio is
computed by dividing total debt which includes both short-term
and long-term debt by the sum of total debt and
stockholders equity.
23   
Item7.
MANAGEMENTS
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS   The following discussion and analysis should be read in
conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes
thereto presented under PartII, Item8 of this
Form10-K.   OVERVIEW   Products and
Segments   Lexmark makes it easier for customers to move information
between the digital and paper worlds. Since its inception in
1991, Lexmark has become a leading developer, manufacturer and
supplier of printing and imaging solutions for the office.
Lexmarks products include laser printers, inkjet printers,
multifunction devices, and associated supplies, services and
solutions. Lexmark also sells dot matrix printers for printing
single and multi-part forms by business users.   The Company is primarily managed along divisional lines: the
Printing Solutions and Services Division formerly known as the
Business market and the Imaging Solutions Division formerly
known as the Consumer market.   
The Printing Solutions and Services Division primarily sells
laser products and serves business customers but also include
consumers who choose laser products. Laser products can be
divided into two major categories shared workgroup
products and lower-priced desktop products. Lexmark employs
large-account sales and marketing teams, closely supported by
its development and product marketing teams, to generate demand
for its business printing solutions and services. The sales and
marketing teams primarily focus on industries such as financial
services, retail, manufacturing, education, government and
health care. Lexmark also markets its laser and inkjet products
increasingly through SMB teams who work closely with channel
partners. The Company distributes and fulfills its laser
products primarily through its well-established distributor and
reseller network. Lexmarks products are also sold through
solution providers, which offer custom solutions to specific
markets, and through direct response resellers.   
The Imaging Solutions Division predominantly sells inkjet
products to SOHOs as well as business users who may choose
inkjet products as a lower-priced alternative or supplement to
laser products for personal desktop use, and to customers that
prefer AIOs with productivity-related features. The Imaging
Solutions Division also sells laser products to SOHO and
business users that purchase products through retail channels.
Additionally, over the past couple of years, the number of
customers seeking productivity-related features has driven
significant growth in AIO products. Key factors promoting this
trend are greater affordability of AIOs containing productivity
features like wireless connectivity, full fax capabilities,
automatic document feeders and duplex capabilities. Lexmark
distributes its branded inkjet products and supplies through
retail outlets as well as distributors and resellers worldwide.
Lexmarks sales and marketing activities are organized to
meet the needs of the various geographies and the size of their
markets.   The Company also sells its products through numerous alliances
and OEM arrangements.   Refer to PartII, Item8, Note18 of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information
regarding the Companys reportable segments, which is
incorporated herein by reference.   Operating Results
Summary   2008   In 2008, the weakening of the global economy significantly
impacted the Companys revenue. Additionally,
Lexmarks inkjet strategy to transition to higher usage
customers and products significantly impacted the Companys
inkjet unit sales and supplies revenue. The Company sees the
potential for continued erosion in end-user inkjet supplies
demand due to the reduction in inkjet hardware unit sales
resulting from the Companys decision to focus on more
profitable printer placements and the weakness the Company is   
24   experiencing in its OEM business. The Company continues to
invest in its core print technologies and product development
that is expected to drive a strong pipeline of future Lexmark
products.   2007   Beginning in the second quarter of 2007, ISD experienced
on-going declines in inkjet supplies and OEM unit sales, lower
average unit revenues AURs and additional costs in
its new products. As the Company analyzed the situation, it saw
that some of its unit sales were not generating adequate
lifetime profitability, some markets and channels were on the
low-end of the supplies generation distribution curve and its
sales were too skewed to the low-end versus the market.   As a result, the Company decided to more aggressively shift the
Companys focus to geographic regions, market segments, and
customers that generate higher page usage and minimize the unit
sales that do not generate an acceptable profit over their life.   Refer to the section entitled RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
that follows for a further discussion of the Companys
results of operations.   Trends and
Opportunities   Lexmark management believes that the total distributed output
opportunity was between $90 and $100billion in 2008,
including hardware, supplies and related software and services.
This opportunity includes printers and multifunction devices as
well as a declining base of copiers and fax machines that are
increasingly being integrated into multifunction devices. Based
on industry information, Lexmark management estimates that the
market may have declined slightly in 2008 and may decline again
in 2009 due to the severe global economic slowdown. When global
economic growth resumes, perhaps in 2010, the industry could
again experience low to mid-single digit annual revenue growth
rates with highest growth likely to be in MFPs and related
software solutions and services and emerging economies.   Market trends driving long-term growth include   
Continuing improvement in price/performance points   
Increased adoption of color and graphics output in business   
Advancements in electronic movement of information, driving more
pages to be printed by end users when and where it is convenient
to do so   
Continued convergence in technology between printers, scanners,
copiers and fax machines into single, integrated AIO
devices;and   
Advancements in digital photography driving the opportunity to
print digital images on distributed output devices.   As a result of these market trends, Lexmark has growth
opportunities in monochrome laser printers, color lasers, laser
MFPs and inkjet AIOs.   Industry laser printer unit growth in recent years has generally
exceeded the growth rate of laser printer revenue due to unit
growth in lower-priced desktop color and monochrome laser
printers and unit price reductions. Additionally, color and
multifunction laser printer units represent a more significant
component of laser unit growth. Management believes these trends
will continue. Product pricing pressure is partially offset by
the tendency of customers in the shared workgroup laser market
to add higher profit margin optional features.   In the inkjet product market, advances in inkjet technology have
resulted in products with higher resolution and improved
performance while increased competition has led to lower prices.
Also, there is an increasing trend in inkjet products being
designed for SOHO and small business. Additionally, over the
past couple of years, the number of customers seeking
productivity-related features has driven significant growth in
AIO products. Key factors promoting this trend are greater
affordability of AIOs containing productivity features.   
25   The Companys management believes these trends will
continue. Growth in inkjet hardware revenue on an industry basis
in recent years has been lower than unit growth due to price
reductions.   While profit margins on printers and MFPs have been negatively
affected by competitive pricing pressure, supplies sales are
higher margin and recurring. In general, as the hardcopy
industry matures and printer and copier markets converge,
management expects competitive pressures to continue.   Lexmarks dot matrix printers include mature products that
require little ongoing investment. The Company expects that the
market for these products will continue to decline, and has
implemented a strategy to continue to offer high-quality
products while managing cost to maximize cash flow and profit.   Challenges and
Risks   In recent years, Lexmark and its principal competitors, many of
which have significantly greater financial, marketing
and/or
technological resources than the Company, have regularly lowered
prices on printers and are expected to continue to do so.   Other challenges and risks faced by Lexmark include   
In 2008, the weakening of the global economy significantly
impacted the Companys revenue and any continuation or
worsening of the economic downturn could impact the
Companys future operating results.   
The Company must compete with its larger competitors for retail
shelf space allocated to printers and their associated supplies.   
New product announcements by the Companys principal
competitors can have, and in the past, have had, a material
adverse effect on the Companys financial results.   
With the convergence of traditional printer and copier markets,
major laser competitors now include traditional copier companies.   
The Company sees other competitors and the potential for new
entrants into the market possibly having an impact on the
Companys growth and market share.   
Historically, the Company has not experienced significant
supplies pricing pressure, but if supplies pricing was to come
under significant pressure, the Companys financial results
could be materially adversely affected.   
Refill, remanufactured, clones, counterfeits and other
compatible alternatives for some of the Companys
cartridges are available and compete with the Companys
supplies business. As the installed base of laser and inkjet
products matures, the Company expects competitive supplies
activity to increase.   
Lexmark expects that as it competes with larger competitors, the
Company may attract more frequent challenges, both legal and
commercial, including claims of possible intellectual property
infringement.   Refer to the section entitled Competition in
Item1, which is incorporated herein by reference, for a
further discussion of major uncertainties faced by the industry
and Company. Additionally, refer to the section entitled
Risk Factors in Item1A, which is incorporated
herein by reference, for a further discussion of factors that
could impact the Companys operating results.   Strategy and
Initiatives   Lexmarks strategy is based on a business model of
investing in technology to develop and sell printing solutions,
including printers and MFPs, with the objective of growing its
installed base, which drives   
26   recurring supplies sales. Management believes that Lexmark has
the following strengths related to this business model   
Lexmark is exclusively focused on distributed output and
imaging, and related solutions.   
Lexmark internally develops three of the key print technologies
associated with distributed printing, including inkjet,
monochrome laser and color laser.   
Lexmark has leveraged its technological capabilities and its
commitment to flexibility and responsiveness to build strong
relationships with large-account customers and channel partners.   Lexmarks strategy involves the following core strategic
initiatives   
Leverage the Companys unique strengths in PSSD to grow
workgroup devices;and   
Shift the ISD strategy to focus on customers, markets and
channels that drive higher page generation and supplies.   Over the last several years, the Company increased investments
in both the Companys sales force and product and solution
development. The Company increased its research and development
spending by 5% in 2008, 9% in 2007 and by 10% in 2006. This
investment has led to new products and solutions aimed at
targeted growth segments, as well as a pipeline of future
products.   The Companys strategy for dot matrix printers is to
continue to offer high-quality products while managing cost to
maximize cash flow and profit.   Refer to the section entitled Strategy in
Item1, which is incorporated herein by reference, for a
further discussion of the Companys strategies and
initiatives.   CRITICAL
ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES   Lexmarks discussion and analysis of its financial
condition and results of operations are based upon the
Companys consolidated financial statements, which have
been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the U.S.The preparation of consolidated
financial statements requires management to make estimates and
judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets,
liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, the
Company evaluates its estimates, including those related to
customer programs and incentives, product returns, doubtful
accounts, inventories, stock-based compensation, income taxes,
warranty obligations, copyright fees, restructurings, pension
and other postretirement benefits, and contingencies and
litigation. Lexmark bases its estimates on historical experience
and on various other assumptions that are believed to be
reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form
the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of
assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other
sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under
different assumptions or conditions.   An accounting policy is deemed to be critical if it requires an
accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about
matters that are uncertain at the time the estimate is made, if
different estimates reasonably could have been used, or if
changes in the estimate that are reasonably likely to occur
could materially impact the financial statements. The Company
believes the following critical accounting policies affect its
more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation
of its consolidated financial statements.   Revenue
Recognition   Lexmark records estimated reductions to revenue at the time of
sale for customer programs and incentive offerings including
special pricing agreements, promotions and other volume-based
incentives. Estimated reductions in revenue are based upon
historical trends and other known factors at the time of sale.
Lexmark also records estimated reductions to revenue for price
protection, which it provides to substantially all of its
distributor and reseller customers. The amount of price
protection is limited based on the amount of dealers and
resellers inventory on hand including in-transit
inventory as of   
27   the date of the price change. If market conditions were to
decline, Lexmark may take actions to increase customer incentive
offerings or reduce prices, possibly resulting in an incremental
reduction of revenue at the time the incentive is offered.   The Company also records estimated reductions to revenue at the
time of sale related to its customers right to return
product. Estimated reductions in revenue are based upon
historical trends of actual product returns as well as the
Companys assessment of its products in the channel.
Provisions for specific returns from large customers are also
recorded as necessary.   Allowances for
Doubtful Accounts   Lexmark maintains allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated
losses resulting from the inability of its customers to make
required payments. The Company estimates the allowance for
doubtful accounts based on a variety of factors including the
length of time receivables are past due, the financial health of
its customers, unusual macroeconomic conditions and historical
experience. If the financial condition of its customers
deteriorates or other circumstances occur that result in an
impairment of customers ability to make payments, the
Company records additional allowances as needed.   Restructuring   Lexmark records a liability for a cost associated with an exit
or disposal activity at its fair value in the period in which
the liability is incurred, except for liabilities for certain
employee termination benefit charges that are accrued over time.
Employee termination benefits associated with an exit or
disposal activity are accrued when the obligation is probable
and estimable as a postemployment benefit obligation when local
statutory requirements stipulate minimum involuntary termination
benefits or, in the absence of local statutory requirements,
termination benefits to be provided are similar to benefits
provided in prior restructuring activities. Employee termination
benefits accrued as probable and estimable often require
judgment by the Companys management as to the number of
employees being separated and the related salary levels, length
of employment with the Company and various other factors related
to the separated employees that could affect the amount of
employee termination benefits being accrued.   Specifically for termination benefits under a one-time benefit
arrangement, the timing of recognition and related measurement
of a liability depends on whether employees are required to
render service until they are terminated in order to receive the
termination benefits and, if so, whether employees will be
retained to render service beyond a minimum retention period.
For employees who are not required to render service until they
are terminated in order to receive the termination benefits or
employees who will not provide service beyond the minimum
retention period, the Company records a liability for the
termination benefits at the communication date. If employees are
required to render service until they are terminated in order to
receive the termination benefits and will be retained to render
service beyond the minimum retention period, the Company
measures the liability for termination benefits at the
communication date and recognizes the expense and liability
ratably over the future service period.   For contract termination costs, Lexmark records a liability for
costs to terminate a contract before the end of its term when
the Company terminates the agreement in accordance with the
contract terms or when the Company ceases using the rights
conveyed by the contract. The Company records a liability for
other costs associated with an exit or disposal activity in the
period in which the liability is incurred.   Once Company management approves an exit or disposal activity,
the Company closely monitors the expenses that are reported in
association with the activity.   Warranty   Lexmark provides for the estimated cost of product warranties at
the time revenue is recognized. The amounts accrued for product
warranties is based on the quantity of units sold under
warranty, estimated product failure rates, and material usage
and service delivery costs. The estimates for product failure
rates and material usage and service delivery costs are
periodically adjusted based on actual results. For   
28   extended warranty programs, the Company defers revenue in
short-term and long-term liability accounts based on the
extended warranty contractual period for amounts invoiced to
customers for these programs and recognizes the revenue ratably
over the contractual period. Costs associated with extended
warranty programs are expensed as incurred. To minimize warranty
costs, the Company engages in extensive product quality programs
and processes, including actively monitoring and evaluating the
quality of its component suppliers. Should actual product
failure rates, material usage or service delivery costs differ
from the Companys estimates, revisions to the estimated
warranty liability may be required.   Inventory
Reserves and Adverse Purchase Commitments   Lexmark writes down its inventory for estimated obsolescence or
unmarketable inventory equal to the difference between the cost
of inventory and the estimated market value. The Company
estimates the difference between the cost of obsolete or
unmarketable inventory and its market value based upon product
demand requirements, product life cycle, product pricing and
quality issues. Also, Lexmark records an adverse purchase
commitment liability when anticipated market sales prices are
lower than committed costs. If actual market conditions are less
favorable than those projected by management, additional
inventory write-downs and adverse purchase commitment
liabilities may be required.   Pension and Other
Postretirement Plans   The Companys pension and other postretirement benefit
costs and obligations are dependent on various actuarial
assumptions used in calculating such amounts. The
non-U.S.pension
plans are not significant and use economic assumptions similar
to the U.S.pension plan. Significant assumptions the
Company must review and set annually related to its pension and
other postretirement benefit obligations are   
Expected long-term return on plan assets based on
long-term historical actual asset return information, the mix of
investments that comprise plan assets and future estimates of
long-term investment returns by reference to external sources.   
Discount rate reflects the rates at which benefits
could effectively be settled and is based on current investment
yields of high-quality fixed-income investments. The Company
uses a yield-curve approach to determine the assumed discount
rate in the U.S.based on the timing of the cash flows of
the expected future benefit payments.   
Rate of compensation increase based on the
Companys long-term plans for such increases. Effective
April 2006, this assumption is no longer applicable to the
U.S.pension plan due to the benefit accrual freeze in
connection with the Companys 2006 restructuring actions.   Plan assets are invested in equity securities, government and
agency securities, mortgage-backed securities, commercial
mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities, corporate
debt, annuity contracts and other securities. The
U.S.defined benefit plan comprises a significant portion
of the assets and liabilities relating to the defined benefit
plans. The investment goal of the U.S.defined benefit plan
is to achieve an adequate net investment return in order to
provide for future benefit payments to its participants.
Starting in December 2008, asset allocation percentage is
targeted to be 65% equity and 35% fixed income investments. The
U.S.defined benefit plan expects to employ professional
investment managers during 2009 to invest in new asset classes,
including international developed equity, emerging market
equity, high yield bonds and emerging market debt. Prior to
December 2008, the target asset allocation percentages were 75%
U.S.equity investments and 25% U.S.fixed income
investments. Each investment manager operates under an
investment management contract that includes specific investment
guidelines, requiring among other actions, adequate
diversification, prudent use of derivatives and standard risk
management practices such as portfolio constraints relating to
established benchmarks. The plan currently uses, and intends to
use during the asset allocation transition in 2009 noted above,
a combination of both active management and passive index funds
to achieve its investment goals.   
29   Differences between actual and expected asset returns on equity
investments are deferred in the year of occurrence and are
recognized in the calculation of net periodic benefit cost over
the subsequent five years after occurrence. As a result of this
deferral process, for the U.S. plan, 2008 pension expense was
decreased by $3million and 2009 pension expense is
increased by $5million. The expected increase in the 2009
pension expense for U.S. plans would have been approximately
$23million had the Company not deferred the differences
between actual and expected asset returns on equity investments.   Actual results that differ from assumptions that fall outside
the 10% corridor, as defined by
SFASNo87, Employers Accounting for
Pensions, are accumulated and amortized over the estimated
future service period of active plan participants. For 2008, a
25basis point change in the assumptions for asset return
and discount rate would not have had a significant impact on the
Companys results of operations.   Effective December31, 2006, the Company adopted
SFASNo158, Employers Accounting for
Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement Plans, an
amendment of FASB Statements No87, 88, 106, and 132R
SFAS158. SFAS158 requires
recognition of the funded status of a benefit plan in the
statement of financial position and recognition in other
comprehensive earnings of certain gains and losses that arise
during the period, but are deferred under pension accounting
rules.   Income
Taxes   The Company estimates its tax liability based on current tax
laws in the statutory jurisdictions in which it operates. These
estimates include judgments about deferred tax assets and
liabilities resulting from temporary differences between assets
and liabilities recognized for financial reporting purposes and
such amounts recognized for tax purposes, as well as about the
realization of deferred tax assets. If the provisions for
current or deferred taxes are not adequate, if the Company is
unable to realize certain deferred tax assets or if the tax laws
change unfavorably, the Company could potentially experience
significant losses in excess of the reserves established.
Likewise, if the provisions for current and deferred taxes are
in excess of those eventually needed, if the Company is able to
realize additional deferred tax assets or if tax laws change
favorably, the Company could potentially experience significant
gains.   In July 2006, the Financial Accounting Standards Board
FASB issued Interpretation No48,
Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes an
interpretation of FASB Statement No109
FIN48. FIN48 clarifies the
accounting for income taxes by prescribing the minimum
recognition threshold as more-likely-than-not that a
tax position must meet before being recognized in the financial
statements. FIN48 also provides guidance on derecognition,
classification, interest and penalties, accounting for income
taxes in interim periods, financial statement disclosure and
transition rules.   The evaluation of a tax position in accordance with FIN48
is a two-step process. The first step is recognition: The
enterprise determines whether it is more likely than not that a
tax position will be sustained upon examination, including
resolution of any litigation. The second step is measurement: A
tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition
threshold is measured to determine the amount of benefit to
recognize in the financial statements. The tax position is
measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than
50percent likely of being realized upon ultimate
resolution.   The Company adopted the provisions of FIN48 and related
guidance on January1, 2007. As a result of the
implementation of FIN48, the Company reduced its liability
for unrecognized tax benefits and related interest and penalties
by $73million, which resulted in a corresponding increase
in the Companys January1, 2007, retained earnings
balance. The Company also recorded an increase in its deferred
tax assets of $85million and a corresponding increase in
its liability for unrecognized tax benefits as a result of
adopting FIN48.   Uncertain tax positions at year-end 2008 were evaluated using
the two-step process described in the paragraphs above.   
30   Copyright
Fees   Certain countries primarily in Europe
and/or
collecting societies representing copyright owners
interests have taken action to impose fees on devices such as
scanners, printers and multifunction devices alleging the
copyright owners are entitled to compensation because these
devices enable reproducing copyrighted content. Other countries
are also considering imposing fees on certain devices. The
amount of fees, if imposed, would depend on the number of
products sold and the amounts of the fee on each product, which
will vary by product and by country. The Company has accrued
amounts that it believes are adequate to address the risks
related to the copyright fee issues currently pending. The
financial impact on the Company, which will depend in large part
upon the outcome of local legislative processes, the
Companys and other industry participants outcome in
contesting the fees and the Companys ability to mitigate
that impact by increasing prices, which ability will depend upon
competitive market conditions, remains uncertain.   Contingencies and
Litigation   In accordance with SFASNo5, Accounting for
Contingencies, Lexmark records a provision for a loss
contingency when management believes that it is both probable
that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be
reasonably estimated. The Company believes it has adequate
provisions for any such matters.   Fair
Value   The Company currently uses recurring fair value measurements in
several areas including marketable securities, pension plan
assets and derivatives. The Company uses fair value in measuring
certain nonrecurring items as well, as instructed under existing
authoritative accounting guidance.   In September 2006, the FASB issued FAS157.
FAS157 defines fair value, establishes a
framework for measuring fair value in GAAP and expands
disclosures about fair value measurements. The standard defines
fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset
or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date. As part of
the framework for measuring fair value, FAS157 establishes
a hierarchy of inputs to valuation techniques used in measuring
fair value that maximizes the use of observable inputs and
minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the
most observable inputs be used when available.   The three levels of the fair value hierarchy under FAS157
are   
Level1 Quoted prices unadjusted in active
markets for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities that
the Company has the ability to access at the measurement date   
Level2 Inputs other than quoted prices
included in Level1 that are observable for the asset or
liability, either directly or indirectly;and   
Level3 Unobservable inputs used in valuations
in which there is little market activity for the asset or
liability at the measurement date.   Fair value measurements of assets and liabilities are assigned a
level within the fair value hierarchy based on the lowest level
of any input that is significant to the fair value measurement
in its entirety.   In February 2008, the FASB issued FASB Staff Position
No.FAS157-2
FSP
FAS157-2
which defers the effective date of FAS157 to fiscal years
beginning after November15, 2008 for nonfinancial assets
and nonfinancial liabilities that are recognized or disclosed at
fair value in the financial statements on a nonrecurring basis.
As permitted by FSP
FAS157-2,
the Company has only partially applied the provisions of
FAS157 as of December31, 2008. The Company is in the
process of evaluating the inputs and techniques used in its
nonrecurring, nonfinancial fair value measurements.   In October 2008, the FASB issued FASB Staff Position
No.FAS157-3
FSP
FAS157-3,
Determining the Fair Value of a Financial Asset When the
Market for That Asset Is Not Active, in response to the
financial   
31   communitys concerns about how to conduct fair value
accounting in a time of significant market distress. The Company
has considered the additional guidance with respect to the
valuation of its marketable securities portfolio and the
designation of its investments within the fair value hierarchy
in the Companys 2008 financial statements and footnotes.   Refer to PartII, Item8, Note3 of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details
regarding FAS157, FSP
FAS157-2
and FSP
FAS157-3.   The Company utilizes observable market data, when available, to
determine fair value. However, in certain situations, there may
be little or no market data available at the measurement date
thus requiring the use of significant unobservable inputs. To
the extent that a valuation is based on models, inputs or
assumptions that are less observable in the market, the
determination of fair value requires more judgment. Such
measurements are generally classified as Level3 within the
fair value hierarchy.   Recent uncertainty in the capital markets has presented
additional challenges with respect to valuing marketable
securities and pension plan assets in which the Company is
invested. Because of the general decline in trading activity for
some investments, the Company has undertaken additional steps in
its closing process during the third and fourth quarters of 2008
to assess whether or not the pricing information it received was
reasonably up to date as well as to understand the nature of
quotes used in the valuation of certain securities. In the case
of auction rate securities in which auctions were unsuccessful,
observable pricing data was not available resulting in the
Company performing its own discounted cash flow analysis based
on assumptions that it believes market participants would use
with regard to such items as expected cash flows and discount
rates adjusted for illiquidity premiums. In determining where
measurements lie in the fair value hierarchy, the Company uses
assumptions regarding the general characteristics of each type
of security as the starting point. The Company then downgrades
individual securities to a lower level as necessary based on
specific facts and circumstances.   Refer to PartII, Item8, Note3 of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for the Companys
disclosures regarding fair value. Also, refer to the Liquidity
and Capital Resources section of Item7 for additional
information regarding the Companys significant
Level3 valuations.   RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS   Operations
Overview   Key
Messages   Lexmark is focused on driving long-term performance by
strategically investing in technology and demand generation to
enable the Company to profitably capture supplies in high
page-growth segments of the distributed printing market.   
The PSSD strategy is focused on growth in high page generating
workgroup products, including monochrome lasers, color laser
printers and laser MFPs. During 2008, the Company experienced
double-digit percentage unit growth in its branded laser MFP
units and also had growth in laser supplies.   
The Company continues to aggressively shift its focus in ISD to
geographic regions, product segments, and customers that
generate higher page usage. This strategy shift continues to
increase the Companys focus on higher priced, higher usage
devices, customers and countries. The Companys initiative
in wireless inkjets is a part of the strategic shift and the
Company believes it has captured some significant market share
related to these products in its top six countries.   Lexmark continues to take actions to improve its cost and
expense structure including continuing to implement
restructuring activities of its business to lower its cost and
better allow it to fund these strategic initiatives.   
32   Lexmark continues to maintain a strong financial position with
good cash generation and a solid balance sheet, which positions
it to prudently invest in the future of the business and
successfully compete even during challenging times.   2008 Business
Factors   PSSD   During 2008, Lexmark continued its investments in PSSD through
new products and technology. The Company expects these
investments to produce a steady stream of new products. Lexmark
continued to strengthen its customer value propositions with the
introduction of over 40 new laser products in 2008 that
significantly strengthened the Companys monochrome laser
line, color laser line and laser MFPs.   The Company continued its investment in the expansion of managed
print services and Lexmark also made investments to improve its
coverage and expand the reach of its solutions and services
proposition.   The focus of all of these PSSD investments is to drive workgroup
laser growth and page generation.   ISD   Lexmark believes it is experiencing shrinkage in its installed
base of inkjet products and an associated decline in end-user
demand for inkjet supplies. The Company sees the potential for
continued erosion in end-user inkjet supplies demand due to the
reduction in inkjet hardware unit sales resulting from the
Companys decision to focus on more profitable printer
placements and the weakness the Company is experiencing in its
OEM business. Additionally, Lexmark expects to see continued
declines in OEM unit sales and aggressive pricing and promotion
activities in the inkjet market. However, Lexmark did experience
a 13% increase in its average unit revenue AUR for
inkjet products in 2008 that reflects the Companys efforts
to move to higher priced, higher usage inkjet devices.
Additionally, the Company advanced its inkjet product line in
2008 with the introduction of additional new wireless models and
the Companys Professional Series inkjet models.   Overall in 2008, the weakening of the global economy
significantly impacted the Companys revenue. Additionally,
Lexmarks inkjet strategy transition to higher usage
customers and products also significantly impacted the
Companys inkjet unit sales and supplies revenue. However,
the Company continues to invest in its core print technologies
and product development that is expected to drive a strong
pipeline of future Lexmark products.   In response to the global economic weakening and to enhance the
efficiency of the Companys inkjet cartridge manufacturing
operations, Lexmark announced restructuring actions in January
2009 and July 2008 that affected the Companys operating
results in 2008. See Restructuring and Related Charges
Reversals and Project Costs that follows for further
discussion.   2007 Business
Factors   Beginning in the second quarter of 2007, the Company experienced
the following issues in ISD   
On-going declines in inkjet supplies and OEM unit sales.   
Lower average unit revenues due to aggressive pricing and
promotion.   
Additional costs in its new products.   As the Company analyzed the situation, it saw the following   
Some of its unit sales were not generating adequate lifetime
profitability due to lower prices, higher costs and supplies
usage below its model.   
Some markets and channels were on the low-end of the supplies
generation distribution curve.   
33   
Its sales were too skewed to the low-end versus the market,
resulting in lower supplies generation per unit.   As a result, Lexmark took the following actions   
The Company decided to more aggressively shift its focus to
geographic regions, market segments and customers that generate
higher page usage.   
The Company worked to minimize the unit sales that did not
generate an acceptable profit over their life.   Additionally, to improve the Companys cost and expense
structure, the Company announced a restructuring plan the
2007 Restructuring Plan to reduce its cost and
infrastructure, including the closure of one of its inkjet
supplies manufacturing facilities in Mexico and additional
optimization measures at the remaining inkjet facilities in
Mexico and the Philippines. See Restructuring and
Related Charges Reversals and Project Costs that
follows for further discussion.   Operating Results
Summary   The following discussion and analysis should be read in
conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes
thereto. The following table summarizes the results of the
Companys operations for the years ended December31,
2008, 2007 and 2006   	
2008
2007
2006
Dollars in Millions   
Dollars   % of Rev   
Dollars   % of Rev   
Dollars   % of Rev   Revenue     4,528   4   100     4,973   9   100     5,108   1   100   Gross profit   1,534   6   34   1,563   6   31   1,646   0   32   Operating expense   1,257   4   28   1,242   3   25   1,203   5   24   Operating income   277   2   6   321   3   6   442   5   9   Net earnings     240   2   5     300   8   6     338   4   7   During 2008, total revenue was $45billion or down 9% from
2007. Laser and inkjet supplies revenue decreased 4%
year-to-year YTY while laser and inkjet hardware
revenue decreased 20% YTY. In PSSD, revenue decreased 1% YTY
while revenue in ISD decreased 22% YTY.   During 2007, total revenue was $50billion or down 3% from
2006. Laser and inkjet supplies revenue increased 1% YTY while
laser and inkjet hardware revenue decreased 10% YTY. In PSSD,
revenue increased 5% YTY while revenue in ISD decreased 12% YTY.   Net earnings for the year ended December31, 2008 decreased
20% from the prior year primarily due to lower operating income
and lower interest and other income/expense, net, partially
offset by a lower effective tax rate. Net earnings in 2008
included $927million of pre-tax restructuring-related
charges and project costs in connection with the execution of
the Companys restructuring plans. The Company uses the
term project costs for incremental charges related
to the execution of its restructuring plans. See
Restructuring and Related Charges Reversals and
Project Costs that follows for further discussion. Net
earnings in 2008 also included $116million of
non-recurring tax benefits.   Net earnings for the year ended December31, 2007 decreased
11% from the prior year primarily due to lower operating income
partially offset by a lower effective tax rate. Net earnings in
2007 included $520million net of a $35million
pre-tax gain on the sale of the Rosyth, Scotland facility of
pre-tax restructuring-related charges and project costs. Net
earnings in 2007 also included an $81million pre-tax
foreign exchange gain realized upon the substantial liquidation
of the Companys Scotland entity and $29million of
non-recurring tax benefits.   
34   Revenue   The following tables provide a breakdown of the Companys
revenue by product category, hardware unit shipments and market
segment   Revenue by
product   	
Dollars in Millions   2008   2007   % Change   2007   2006   % Change   Laser and inkjet printers     1,1968     1,4983   20        1,4983     1,6630   10     Laser and inkjet supplies   3,1175   3,2486   4     3,2486   3,2116   1     Other   2141   2270   6     2270   2335   3     Total revenue     4,5284     4,9739   9        4,9739     5,1081   3     Unit
shipments   	
Units in Millions   2008   2007   2006   Laser units   19   21   21   Inkjet units   66   121   147   During 2008, laser and inkjet supplies revenue decreased 4% YTY
as growth in laser supplies was more than offset by a decline in
inkjet supplies. Laser and inkjet hardware revenue decreased 20%
primarily due to declines in laser and inkjet units.   During 2007, laser and inkjet supplies revenue increased 1% YTY
as good growth in laser supplies was mostly offset by a decline
in inkjet supplies. Laser and inkjet hardware revenue decreased
10% primarily due to a decline in inkjet units.   During 2008, 2007 and 2006, one customer, Dell, accounted for
$596million or approximately 13%, $717million or
approximately 14% and $744million or approximately 15%, of
the Companys total revenue, respectively. Sales to Dell
are included in both PSSD and ISD.   Revenue by
division   	
Dollars in Millions   2008   2007   % Change   2007   2006   % Change   PSSD     2,9816     2,9992   1        2,9992     2,8691   5     ISD   1,5468   1,9747   22     1,9747   2,2390   12     Total revenue     4,5284     4,9739   9        4,9739     5,1081   3     PSSD   During 2008, revenue in PSSD decreased $18million or 1%
compared to 2007 due to a 9% decline in laser hardware revenue,
partially offset by growth in laser supplies revenue. The lower
laser hardware revenue was due to lower unit volume and
aggressive pricing, partially offset by a positive currency
impact and positive mix of workgroup and MFP devices. Laser
hardware unit shipments decreased approximately 7% YTY primarily
due to lower OEM units, partially offset by unit growth in laser
MFPs. Laser hardware AUR, which reflects the changes in both
pricing and mix, decreased approximately 2% YTY due to
aggressive pricing, partially offset by a positive currency
impact.   During 2007, revenue in PSSD increased $130million or 5%
compared to 2006 due to growth in laser supplies revenue
partially offset by a 2% decline in laser hardware revenue.
Laser hardware unit shipments decreased approximately 3% YTY
reflecting strong unit growth in laser MFPs and branded
workgroup printers which was more than offset by a decline in
low-end monochrome lasers. Laser hardware AUR increased
approximately 1% YTY due to the positive mix shift.   
35   ISD   During 2008, revenue in ISD decreased $428million or 22%
compared to 2007 due to decreased inkjet hardware and supplies
revenue. Hardware revenue declined 38% YTY due to lower unit
shipments. Management believes supplies revenue declined YTY due
to shrinkage in the installed base of inkjet products and an
associated decline in end-user demand for inkjet supplies.
Inkjet hardware unit shipments declined 45% YTY principally due
to the Companys decision to prioritize certain markets,
segments and customers and to reduce or eliminate others. Units
were also impacted by the weakening market and some lost retail
shelf space. Inkjet hardware AUR increased 13% YTY due to
favorable product mix shift, partially offset by a negative
impact of pricing.   During 2007, revenue in ISD decreased $264million or 12%
compared to 2006 due to decreased inkjet hardware and supplies
revenue. Hardware revenue declined 20% YTY due to lower unit
shipments and lower AURs. Inkjet hardware unit shipments
declined 18% YTY principally due to declines in OEM units and
the Companys decision to prioritize certain markets,
segments and customers and to reduce or eliminate others. Units
were also impacted by the Companys decision to focus on
more profitable printer placements in every geography. Inkjet
hardware AUR decreased 3% YTY as price declines were partially
offset by a favorable mix shift to AIOs.   Revenue by
geography   The following table provides a breakdown of the Companys
revenue by geography   	
Dollars in Millions   2008   % of Total   2007   % of Total   % Change   2007   2006   % of Total   % Change   United States     1,8648   41        2,1403   43     13        2,1403     2,2453   44     5     EMEA Europe, the Middle East Africa   1,7429   39     1,8272   37     5     1,8272   1,8431   36     1     Other International   9207   20     1,0064   20     9     1,0064   1,0197   20     1     Total revenue     4,5284   100        4,9739   100     9        4,9739     5,1081   100     3     During 2008, revenue decreased in all geographies primarily due
to lower laser and inkjet hardware revenue as well as lower
inkjet supplies revenue. Currency exchange rates had a 2%
favorable impact on revenue for the year 2008.   During 2007, revenue decreased in all geographies primarily due
to the previously-mentioned decline in ISD revenue. Currency
exchange rates had a 4% favorable impact on revenue for the year
2007.   Gross
Profit   The following table provides gross profit information   	
Dollars in Millions   2008   2007   Change   2007   2006   Change   Gross profit dollars     1,5346     1,5636   2     1,5636     1,6460   5   % of revenue   339   314   25pts   314   322   08pts   During 2008, consolidated gross profit decreased when compared
to the prior year while gross profit as a percentage of revenue
increased when compared to the prior year. The change in the
gross profit margin over the prior period was primarily due to a
53percentage point increase due to a favorable mix shift
among products, primarily less inkjet hardware and more laser
supplies, partially offset by a 23percentage point
decrease due to product margins and a 05percentage point
decrease attributable to restructuring-related actions,
primarily from an increase in accelerated depreciation charges
YTY. Gross profit in 2008 included $425million of
restructuring-related charges and project costs in connection
with the Companys restructuring activities. See
Restructuring and Related Charges Reversals and
Project Costs that follows for further discussion.   
36   During 2007, consolidated gross profit and gross profit as a
percentage of revenue decreased when compared to the prior year.
The change in the gross profit margin over the prior period was
primarily due to a 42percentage point decrease in product
margins, principally in inkjet hardware, partially offset by a
30percentage point favorable mix shift among products,
primarily driven by less inkjet hardware revenue and a
04percentage point improvement attributable to
restructuring-related actions primarily from a reduction in
accelerated depreciation charges YTY. Gross profit in 2007
included $170million of restructuring-related charges and
project costs in connection with the Companys
restructuring activities. Gross profit in 2006 also included
$421million of restructuring-related charges, primarily
consisting of accelerated depreciation and project costs. See
Restructuring and Related Charges Reversals and
Project Costs that follows for further discussion.   Operating
Expense   The following table presents information regarding the
Companys operating expenses during the periods indicated   	
2008   2007   2006   Dollars in Millions   Dollars   % of Rev   Dollars   % of Rev   Dollars   % of Rev   Research and development     4233   93        4038   81        3705   73     Selling, general administrative   8073   179     8128   164     7618   149     Restructuring and related charges   268   06     257   05     712   14     Total operating expense     1,2574   278        1,2423   250        1,2035   236     Research and development increased in 2008 and 2007 compared to
the prior year primarily due to the Companys continued
investment to support laser product and solution development.
These continuing investments have led to new products and
solutions aimed at targeted growth segments.   Selling, general and administrative SGA
expenses in 2008 decreased YTY driven by lower general and
administrative expenses. The lower general and administrative
expenses were attributable to savings realized from the
Companys restructuring actions, partially offset by the
negative impact of currency and the Companys reinvestment
of restructuring savings into the business. For 2007, SGA
expense increased YTY due to demand generation activities, which
included the brand development marketing campaign launched in
late 2006. The initiative included a television advertising
campaign along with radio and print advertising in targeted
geographic and market segments. Additionally, SGA expenses
in 2008 and 2007 included project costs related to the
Companys restructuring activities. See discussion below of
restructuring and related charges and project costs included in
the Companys operating expenses for the years presented in
the table above.   In 2008, the Company incurred $502million of
restructuring and related charges and project costs due to the
Companys restructuring plans. Of the $502million of
total restructuring and related charges and project costs
incurred in 2008, $234million is included in Selling,
general and administrative while $268million is
included in Restructuring and related charges on the
Companys Consolidated Statements of Earnings.   In 2007, the Company incurred $350million of
restructuring and related charges and project costs in
connection with the Companys restructuring plans. Of the
$350million of total restructuring and related charges
and project costs incurred in 2007, $93million net of a
$35million pre-tax gain on the sale of the Rosyth,
Scotland facility is included in Selling, general and
administrative while $257million is included in
Restructuring and related charges on the Companys
Consolidated Statements of Earnings.   Restructuring and related charges in 2006 included
$811million of charges for the 2006 restructuring plan
partially offset by a $99million pension curtailment
gain. The $712million of net charges are included in
Restructuring and related charges on the Companys
Consolidated Statements of Earnings.   
37   See Restructuring and Related Charges Reversals and
Project Costs that follows for further discussion of
the Companys restructuring plans.   Operating Income
Loss   The following table provides operating income by market segment   	
Dollars in Millions   2008   2007   Change   2007   2006   Change     PSSD     4971     6120   19        6120     6001   2     % of revenue   167   204   37   pts   204   209   05   pts   ISD     1371   934   47        934   2460   62     % of revenue   89   47   42   pts   47   110   63   pts   All other     3570     3841     7        3841     4036     5     Total operating income loss     2772     3213   14        3213     4425   27     % of total revenue   61   65   04   pts   65   87   22   pts   For the year ended December31, 2008, the decrease in
consolidated operating income was due to decreased gross profits
and higher operating expenses. Operating income for PSSD
decreased YTY due to higher operating expenses, reflecting
higher product development investments, and lower hardware gross
profits, reflecting the impact of aggressive pricing as well as
a negative impact due to product mix. Operating income for ISD
increased YTY due to increased hardware gross margin, due to
lower hardware unit sales, and decreased operating expenses,
partially offset by lower supplies revenue.   For the year ended December31, 2007, the decrease in
consolidated operating income was due to decreased gross profits
and higher operating expenses partially offset by a reduction in
restructuring-related charges and project costs YTY as discussed
above. Operating income for PSSD increased YTY as higher gross
profits, reflecting increased supplies revenue, were partially
offset by higher operating expense, reflecting higher marketing
and sales and product development investments. Operating income
for ISD decreased YTY due to lower supplies revenue, lower
product margins and increased operating expenses.   During 2008, the Company incurred total pre-tax
restructuring-related charges and project costs of
$244million in PSSD, $273million in ISD and
$410million in All other. During 2007, the Company
incurred total pre-tax restructuring-related charges and project
costs of $121million in PSSD, $122million in ISD
and $277million in All other. During 2006, the Company
incurred restructuring-related charges and project costs of
$359million in PSSD, $572million in ISD and
$420million in All other. All other operating income in
2006 also included a $99million pension curtailment gain.
See Restructuring and Related Charges Reversals and
Project Costs that follows for further discussion.   Interest and
Other   The following table provides interest and other information   	
Dollars in Millions   2008   2007   2006     Interest income expense, net     61        212        221     Other expense income, net   74   70     53   Total interest and other income expense, net     13     282        168     Total interest and other income expense, net, was expense of
$1million in 2008 compared to income of $28million
in 2007. The 2008 decrease YTY was primarily due to increased
interest expense from the $650million debt the Company
issued in May 2008 as well as the $8million pre-tax gain
the Company recognized in 2007 from the substantial liquidation
of the Companys Scotland entity that did not occur in
2008. Additionally, the Company recognized $8million in
net losses in 2008 related to its marketable securities.   
38   Total interest and other income expense, net, was income of
$28million in 2007 compared to income of $17million
in 2006. During 2007, the Company substantially liquidated the
remaining operations of its Scotland entity and recognized an
$81million pre-tax gain from the realization of the
entitys accumulated foreign currency translation
adjustment generated on the investment in the entity during its
operating life.   Provision for
Income Taxes and Related Matters   The Companys effective income tax rate was approximately
129%, 139%, and 263% in 2008, 2007, and 2006, respectively.   The 10percentage point reduction of the effective tax
rate from 2007 to 2008 was due to a reduction of
53percentage points, primarily related to the geographic
shift in earnings along with a variety of other factors,
partially offset by a smaller amount of reversals and
adjustments to previously accrued taxes in 2008 increase of
43percentage points. During 2008, the Company reversed
$116million of previously accrued taxes principally due
to the settlement of the U.S.tax audit for years 2004 and
2005.   The 124percentage point reduction of the effective tax
rate from 2006 to 2007 was primarily due to a geographic shift
of earnings 69percentage points as well as reversals
and adjustments of previously accrued taxes 54percentage
points. During 2007, the Company reversed $184million of
previously accrued taxes mostly due to the settlement of a tax
audit outside the U.S.and recorded $112million of
adjustments to previously recorded tax amounts. Specific to the
fourth quarter of 2007, the Company recorded adjustments of
$64million to previously recorded tax amounts. The impact
of these adjustments was insignificant to prior periods.   The 2006 effective income tax rate included a $143million
benefit from the reversal of previously accrued taxes related to
the finalization of certain tax audits and the expiration of
various domestic and foreign statutes of limitation. During
2006, the Company was subject to a tax holiday in Switzerland
with respect to the earnings of one of the Companys
wholly-owned Swiss subsidiaries. The holiday expired at the end
of 2006. The benefit derived from the tax holiday was
$16million in 2006.   Net
Earnings   Net earnings for the year ended December31, 2008 decreased
20% from the prior year primarily due to lower operating income
partially offset by a lower effective tax rate. Net earnings in
2008 included $927million of pre-tax
restructuring-related charges and project costs in connection
with the Companys restructuring activities. See
Restructuring and Related Charges Reversals and
Project Costs that follows for further discussion. Net
earnings in 2008 also included $12million of non-recurring
tax benefits.   Net earnings for the year ended December31, 2007 decreased
11% from the prior year primarily due to lower operating income
partially offset by a lower effective tax rate. Net earnings in
2007 included $520million net of a $35million
pre-tax gain on the sale of the Rosyth, Scotland facility of
pre-tax restructuring-related charges and project costs in
connection with the Companys restructuring activities. See
Restructuring and Related Charges Reversals and
Project Costs that follows for further discussion. Net
earnings in 2007 also included an $81million pre-tax
foreign exchange gain realized upon the substantial liquidation
of the Companys Scotland entity and $29million of
non-recurring tax benefits.   Net earnings in 2006 included $1351million of pre-tax
restructuring-related charges and project costs, a
$99million pre-tax pension curtailment gain and a
$143million income tax benefit from the reversal of
previously accrued taxes related to the finalization of certain
tax matters.   
39   Earnings per
Share   The following table summarizes basic and diluted net earnings
per share   	
2008   2007   2006     Net earnings per share   Basic     270     316     329   Diluted   269   314   327   For the year ended December31, 2008, the decreases in
basic and diluted net earnings per share YTY were attributable
to decreased earnings partially offset by the decreases in the
average number of shares outstanding, primarily due to the
Companys stock repurchases.   For the year ended December31, 2007, the decreases in
basic and diluted net earnings per share YTY were attributable
to decreased earnings partially offset by the decreases in the
average number of shares outstanding, primarily due to the
Companys stock repurchases.   RESTRUCTURING AND
RELATED CHARGES REVERSALS AND PROJECT COSTS   Summary of
Restructuring Impacts   The Companys 2008 financial results are impacted by its
ongoing restructuring plans and related projects and are
discussed in further detail below. Project costs consist of
additional charges related to the execution of the restructuring
plans. These project costs are incremental to the Companys
normal operating charges and are expensed as incurred, and
include such items as compensation costs for overlap staffing,
travel expenses, consulting costs and training costs. The tables
below summarize the 2008 financial impacts of the Companys
restructuring plans and related projects.   For the year ended December31, 2008, the Company incurred
charges, including project costs, of $927million for the
Companys restructuring plans as follows   	
2009Action
2008 Action
2007 Action
2006 Action
Restructuring-
Restructuring-
Restructuring-
Restructuring-
related
related
related
related
Charges
Charges
Charges
Charges
Project
In Millions   Note 4   Note 4   Note 4   Note 4   Costs   Total     Accelerated depreciation charges/project costs          180     173          153     506   Employee termination benefit charges/project costs   202   30   07     15     153   363   Contract termination and lease charges        49   09     58   Total restructuring-related charges/project costs     202     210     215     06        306      927   The Company incurred $425million of accelerated
depreciation charges and project costs in Cost of revenue
and $81million in Selling, general and
administrative on the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
$268million of total employee termination benefits and
contract termination and lease charges are included in
Restructuring and related charges while
$153million of related project costs are included in
Selling, general and administrative on the Consolidated
Statements of Earnings.   For the year ended December31, 2008, the Company incurred
restructuring and related charges and project costs related to
its restructuring plans of $244million in PSSD,
$273million in ISD and $410million in All other.   In the first quarter of 2009, restructuring and related costs
and expenses due to the restructuring actions are expected to be
approximately $13million, with expected savings of about
$23million.   
40   2009
Restructuring Plan   General   In response to the global economic weakening, on
January13, 2009, the Company announced a restructuring
plan the 2009 Restructuring Plan. The 2009
Restructuring Plan is expected to impact about 375 positions
through the end of 2009. The areas impacted include general and
administrative functions, supply chain and sales support,
research and development program consolidation, as well as
marketing and sales management. The Company estimates the 2009
Restructuring Plan will result in total pre-tax charges of
approximately $45million, all of which will require cash.
Expected savings are $40million in 2009 and
$50million per year thereafter. Approximately 95% of the
savings are expected to benefit operating expense, and the
remaining 5% will impact cost of sales. The Company expects the
2009 Restructuring Plan to be substantially completed by the end
of 2009.   Impact to 2008
Financial Results   For the year ended December31, 2008, the Company incurred
$202million for the 2009 Restructuring Plan as follows   	
2009 Action
Restructuring-
related
Project
In Millions   ChargesNote 4   Costs   Total     Employee termination benefit charges/project costs     202          202   The Company incurred $155million in PSSD,
$17million in ISD and $30million in All other. The
$202million of total employee termination benefit charges
are included in Restructuring and related charges on the
Consolidated Statements of Earnings.   Liability
Rollforward   The following table presents a rollforward of the liability
incurred for employee termination benefits in connection with
the 2009 Restructuring Plan. The liability is included in
Accrued liabilities on the Companys Consolidated
Statements of Financial Position.   	
Employee
Termination
Benefits     Balance at January1, 2008        Costs incurred   207   Payments other
1   05     Balance at December31, 2008     202   
1
Other consists of changes in the
liability balance due to foreign currency translations.
2008
Restructuring Plan   General   To enhance the efficiency of the Companys inkjet cartridge
manufacturing operations, the Company announced a plan the
2008 Restructuring Plan on July22, 2008, that
resulted in the closure of one of the Companys inkjet
supplies manufacturing facilities in Mexico. The 2008
Restructuring Plan is expected to be substantially completed by
the end of the first quarter of 2009, and any remaining charges
to be incurred will be immaterial.   
41   Impact to 2008
Financial Results   For the year ended December31, 2008, the Company incurred
charges of $228million for the 2008 Restructuring Plan as
follows   	
2008 Action
Restructuring-
related
In Millions   Charges Note 4   Project Costs   Total     Accelerated depreciation charges/project costs     180     18     198   Employee termination benefit charges/project costs   30     30   Total restructuring-related charges/project costs     210     18     228   The $198million of accelerated depreciation charges and
project costs are included in Cost of revenue, and the
$30million of total employee termination benefit charges
are included in Restructuring and related charges on the
Consolidated Statements of Earnings. The Company incurred
$227million in ISD and $01million in All other.   Liability
Rollforward   The following table presents a rollforward of the liability
incurred for employee termination benefits in connection with
the 2008 Restructuring Plan. The liability is included in
Accrued liabilities on the Companys Consolidated
Statements of Financial Position.   	
Employee
Termination
Benefits     Balance at January1, 2008        Costs incurred   34   Payments
other1   22     Reversals2   04     Balance at December31, 2008     08   
1
Other consists of changes in the
liability balance due to foreign currency translations.
2
Reversals due to changes in
estimates for employee termination benefits.
2007
Restructuring Plan   General   On October23, 2007, the Company announced the 2007
Restructuring Plan, which included   
Closing one of the Companys inkjet supplies manufacturing
facilities in Mexico and additional optimization measures at the
remaining inkjet facilities in Mexico and the Philippines   
Reducing the Companys business support cost and expense
structure by further consolidating activity globally and
expanding the use of shared service centers in lower-cost
regions the areas impacted are supply chain, service
delivery, general and administrative expense, as well as
marketing and sales support functions;and   
Focusing consumer segment marketing and sales efforts into
countries or geographic regions that have the highest supplies
usage.   The 2007 Restructuring Plan is expected to be substantially
completed by the end of the first quarter of 2009, and any
remaining charges to be incurred will be immaterial.   
42   Impact to 2008
Financial Results   For the year ended December31, 2008, the Company incurred
$503million for the 2007 Restructuring Plan as presented
below   	
2007 Action
Restructuring-
related Charges
In Millions   Note 4   Project Costs   Total     Accelerated depreciation charges/project costs     173     135     308   Employee termination benefit charges/project costs   07     153   146   Contract termination and lease charges   49     49   Total restructuring-related charges/project costs     215     288     503   $227million and $81million of accelerated
depreciation charges and project costs are included in Cost
of revenue and Selling, general and administrative,
respectively, on the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. The
$42million of total employee termination benefits and
contract termination and lease charges are included in
Restructuring and related charges while the
$153million of related project costs are included in
Selling, general and administrative on the Consolidated
Statements of Earnings.   For the year ended December31, 2008, the Company incurred
restructuring and related charges and project costs related to
its 2007 Restructuring Plan of $92million in PSSD,
$29million in ISD, and $382million in All other.   During the third quarter of 2008, the Company sold one of its
inkjet supplies manufacturing facilities in Juarez, Mexico for
$46million and recognized a $11million pre-tax
gain on the sale that is included in Selling, general and
administrative on the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
The $153million of project costs is the net amount
incurred after including the gain recognized on the sale.   Liability
Rollforward   The following table presents a rollforward of the liability
incurred for employee termination benefits and contract
termination and lease charges in connection with the 2007
Restructuring Plan. Of the total $162million
restructuring liability, $149million is included in
Accrued liabilities and $13million is included in
Other liabilities on the Companys Consolidated
Statements of Financial Position.   	
Employee
Termination
Contract
Benefit 
Termination 
Charges   Lease Charges   Total     Balance at January1, 2007                  Costs incurred   257     257   Payments
other1   46        46     Balance at December31, 2007   211     211   Costs incurred   71   49   120   Payments
other2   83     07     90     Reversals3   79        79     Balance at December31, 2008     120     42     162   
1
Other consists of pension related
items that were settled through the Companys pension plans.
2
Other consists of changes in the
liability balance due to foreign currency translations.
3
Reversals due to changes in
estimates for employee termination benefits.
43   Impacts to 2007
Financial Results   For the year ended December31, 2007, the Company incurred
charges of $342million for the 2007 Restructuring Plan as
follows   	
2007 Action
Restructuring-
related
In Millions   Charges Note 4   Project Costs   Total     Accelerated depreciation charges/project costs     51     08     59   Employee termination benefit charges/project costs   257   26   283   Total restructuring-related charges/project costs     308     34     342   The Company incurred $59million of accelerated
depreciation charges and project costs in Cost of revenue
on the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
$257million of total employee termination benefit charges
are included in Restructuring and related charges while
$26million of related project costs are included in
Selling, general and administrative on the Consolidated
Statements of Earnings.   For the year ended December31, 2007, the Company incurred
restructuring and related charges and project costs of
$64million in PSSD, $149million in ISD and
$129million in All other.   2006
Restructuring Plan   During the first quarter of 2006, the Company approved a plan to
restructure its workforce, consolidate manufacturing capacity
and make certain changes to its U.S.retirement plans
collectively referred to as the 2006 actions.
Except for approximately 100 positions that were eliminated in
2007, activities related to the 2006 actions were substantially
completed at the end of 2006.   Impact to 2008
Financial Results   For the year ended December31, 2008, the Company reversed
$15million of previously accrued employee termination
benefits and accrued an additional $09million of contract
termination and lease charges due to a revision in assumptions
based on current economic conditions. The net reversal is
included in Restructuring and related charges on the
Companys Consolidated Statements of Earnings. Of the net
$06million reversed in 2008, the Company recognized
$03million in PSSD and $03million in All other.   Impact to 2007
Financial Results   During the first quarter of 2007, the Company sold its Rosyth,
Scotland facility for $81million and recognized a
$35million pre-tax gain on the sale that is included in
Selling, general and administrative on the Consolidated
Statements of Earnings.   During the second quarter of 2007, the Company substantially
liquidated the remaining operations of its Scotland entity and
recognized an $81million pre-tax gain from the
realization of the entitys accumulated foreign currency
translation adjustment generated on the investment in the entity
during its operating life. This gain is included in Other
income expense, net on the Companys Consolidated
Statements of Earnings.   For the year ended December31, 2007, the Company incurred
approximately $178million of project costs related to the
Companys 2006 actions. The $178million of project
costs is the net amount incurred after including the gain
recognized on the sale of the Rosyth, Scotland facility during
the first quarter of 2007. Of the $178million of 2006
project costs incurred, $111million is included in
Cost of revenue and $67million in Selling,
general and administrative on the Companys
Consolidated Statements of Earnings. For the year ended
December31, 2007, the Company incurred total pre-tax 2006
project costs of $57million in PSSD and
$148million in All other, while ISD realized a
$27million net benefit after the sale of the Rosyth,
Scotland facility.   
44   Impact to 2006
Financial Results   For the year ended December31, 2006, the Company incurred
net pre-tax charges and project costs of $1252million
related to the 2006 actions. Of the $1252million,
$421million is included in Cost of revenue,
$119million in Selling, general and administrative
and $712million in Restructuring and related
charges on the Companys Consolidated Statements of
Earnings. For the year ended December31, 2006, the Company
incurred total pre-tax restructuring-related charges and project
costs of $359million in PSSD, $572million in ISD
and $42million in All other. All other operating income
also included a $99million pension curtailment gain.   Liability
Rollforward   The following table presents a rollforward of the liability
incurred for employee termination benefits and contract
termination and lease charges in connection with the 2006
actions. Of the total $21million restructuring liability,
$10million is included in Accrued liabilities and
$11million is included in Other liabilities on the
Companys Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.   	
Employee
Termination
Contract
Benefit
Termination 
Charges   Lease Charges   Total     Balance at January1, 2007     253     48     301   Payments other
1   140     17     157     Reversals
3   09     17     26     Balance at December31, 2007   104   14   118   Costs incurred     10   10   Payments other
2   78     07     85     Reversals
3   22        22     Balance at December31, 2008     04     17     21   
1
Other consists of additions due to
positions being eliminated in 2007 and changes in the liability
balance due to foreign currency translations.
2
Other consists of changes in the
liability balance due to foreign currency translations.
3
Reversals due to changes in
estimates for employee termination benefits and contract
termination and lease charges.
PENSION AND OTHER
POSTRETIREMENT PLANS   The following table provides the total pre-tax cost related to
Lexmarks retirement plans for the years 2008, 2007 and
2006. Cost amounts are included as an addition to the
Companys cost and expense amounts in the Consolidated
Statements of Earnings.   	
Dollars in Millions   2008   2007   2006     Total cost of pension and other postretirement plans     370     402     344   Comprised of   Defined benefit pension plans     114     132     125   Defined contribution plans   251   258   205   Other postretirement plans   05   12   14   The increase in the cost of defined contribution plans in 2007
and 2008 compared to 2006 was primarily due to the enhancement
of benefits in the U.S.plan that were enacted in April
2006. Changes in actuarial assumptions did not have a
significant impact on the Companys results of operations
in 2007 and 2008, nor are they expected to have a material
effect in 2009. Future effects of retirement-related benefits on
the operating results of the Company depend on economic
conditions, employee demographics, mortality rates and
investment performance. Refer to PartII, Item8,
Note15 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for additional information relating to the Companys
pension and other postretirement plans.   
45   In 2008, there was a significant decline in the value of pension
plan assets primarily resulting from a large decline in equity
markets. Because the Company defers current year differences
between actual and expected asset returns on equity investments
over the subsequent five years in accordance with prescribed
accounting guidelines, this is only expected to increase the
2009 pension expense for US plans by approximately
$5million.   The Pension Protection Act of 2006 the Act was
enacted on August17, 2006. Most of its provisions have
become effective in 2008. The Act significantly changes the
funding requirements for single-employer defined benefit pension
plans. The funding requirements are now largely based on a
plans calculated funded status, with faster amortization
of any shortfalls. The Act directs the U.S.Treasury
Department to develop a new yield curve to discount pension
obligations for determining the funded status of a plan when
calculating the funding requirements. The provisions of the Act
have resulted in the need for additional funding in 2009 of
approximately $76million in the first quarter.   LIQUIDITY AND
CAPITAL RESOURCES   Financial
Position   Lexmarks financial position remains strong at
December31, 2008, with working capital of
$805million compared to $570million at
December31, 2007. The increase in working capital accounts
was primarily due to the $2398million decrease in current
liabilities driven by the Companys repayment of
$1500million senior note debt that matured in the second
quarter of 2008 as well as the $798million decrease in
accounts payable discussed below. Current assets decreased
slightly, driven by declines in trade receivables and
inventories offset by the increase in the Companys
marketable securities investments. Although declining from 2006
to 2008, the Company continues to generate solid cash flows from
operating activities as discussed below.   The Company issued $650million of new long-term debt in
2008, but used a large portion of the proceeds to repurchase
shares during the second half of 2008. Lexmark also had
$55million of other short-term borrowings outstanding at
December31, 2008. The Company had no amounts outstanding
under its U.S.trade receivables financing program or its
revolving credit facility at December31, 2008, or
December31, 2007. The debt to total capital ratio was 45%
at December31, 2008, compared to 10% at December31,
2007.   Liquidity   The following table summarizes the results of the Companys
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years indicated   	
Dollars in Millions   2008   2007   2006     Net cash flows provided by used for   Operating activities     4821     5642     6709   Investing activities   4276     2874     1127   Financing activities   481     1470     8087     Effect of exchange rate changes on cash   42     26   14   Net increase decrease in cash and cash equivalents     22     1324     237     The Companys primary source of liquidity has been cash
generated by operations, which totaled $482million,
$564million and $671million in 2008, 2007 and 2006,
respectively. Cash from operations generally has been sufficient
to allow the Company to fund its working capital needs and
finance its capital expenditures during these periods along with
the repurchase of approximately $06billion,
$02billion and $09billion of its ClassA
Common Stock during 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively.
Management believes that cash provided by operations will
continue to be sufficient to meet operating and capital needs in
the foreseeable future. However, in the event that cash from
operations is   
46   not sufficient, the Company has other potential sources of cash
through utilization of its accounts receivable financing
program, revolving credit facility or other financing sources.   Operating
activities   The decrease in cash flows from operating activities from 2007
to 2008 was driven by the $1167million unfavorable YTY
change in Accounts Payable, the $1102million
combined unfavorable changes in Accrued liabilities and
Other assets and liabilities, as well as various other
lines impacted by the general decline in profitability in the
third and fourth quarter of 2008. These movements were offset
partially by the $1450million favorable YTY impact of
Trade receivables.   The unfavorable impact of Accounts Payable was largely
due to the timing of vendor payments. In 2007, the Company was
able to lengthen the cycle in which it pays its vendors, as
indicated by the cash conversion days chart in the following
section. In addition, a cash flow timing benefit was realized at
year-end
2007 related to vendors with end of month payment terms who were
paid the first week of 2008. These two conditions resulted in a
larger year-end 2007 Accounts Payable balance, which was then
paid in 2008 resulting in unfavorable YTY movement.   The unfavorable impacts of Accrued liabilities and
Other assets and liabilities were due to many factors.
Notable YTY fluctuations in cash outflows included
$217million of additional cash paid for income taxes,
$978million paid in 2008 compared to $761million
in 2007, as well as $143million of additional cash paid
for interest, $269million paid in 2008 compared to
$126million paid in 2007. Due to the current level of
senior note debt outstanding, interest payments should be
roughly $30million higher per year than payments made in
recent years, though a small portion of this increase may be
capitalizable for certain long lived assets under construction.   The favorable impact of Accounts Receivable was driven by
collections, as indicated in the cash conversion days table in
the section below. Days of sales outstanding decreased
4days from
year-end
2007 to year-end 2008 due to improvements in delinquency,
geographic shift in sales to faster collecting countries, and
the timing within the quarter in which the sales occurred. In
regard to the weakening economy, the Company has not experienced
any notable customer liquidity issues impacting the
collectibility of its receivables, with the exception of the
Circuit City bankruptcy which did not have a material impact on
the Companys current year cash flows or results of
operations.   The decrease in cash flows from operating activities from 2006
to 2007 primarily resulted from lower net earnings as well as
unfavorable changes of $69million in Accrued
liabilities and $61million in Trade Receivables.   The change in Accrued liabilities was primarily due to
unfavorable changes in accrued salaries and incentive
compensation of $49million and restructuring-related
accruals of $27million compared to the prior year. The
impact of accrued salaries and incentive compensation was driven
by the payment of 2006 bonuses in the first quarter of 2007.
Bonuses earned in 2006 were considerably higher than those
earned in 2005. Payments for such programs generally occur in
the first quarter of the subsequent year. The impact of
restructuring-related accruals was driven by the relatively
small movement in the liability in 2007 compared to that of
2006, resulting in a lower non-cash addition to net earnings
when deriving cash flows from operations. In 2007, there were
approximately $26million of accruals offset by
$23million of payments and other adjustments, resulting in
a non-cash addition to net earnings of only $3million
related to the Companys restructuring actions. In 2006,
there were approximately $81million of accruals offset
partially by $51million of payments and other adjustments,
resulting in a non-cash addition to net earnings of
$30million related to the Companys restructuring
actions.   The $61million change noted in Trade Receivables
was primarily the result of greater collections in the year
2006 versus 2007, the majority of which occurred in the first
quarter. A significantly higher trade receivables balance
existed at December31, 2005 versus December31, 2006
due to a larger portion of the fourth quarter sales for 2005
occurring in the later part of the quarter.   
47   Cash Conversion
Days   	
2008   2007   2006     Days of sales outstanding   36   40   38   Days of inventory   51   48   44   Days of payables   65   66   57   Cash conversion days   22   22   25   Cash conversion days represent the number of days that elapse
between the moment the Company pays for materials and the day it
collects cash from its customers. Cash conversion days are equal
to days of sales outstanding plus days of inventory less days of
payables.   The days of sales outstanding are calculated using the year-end
trade receivables, net of allowances, and the average daily
revenue for the quarter.   The days of inventory are calculated using the year-end net
inventories balance and the average daily cost of revenue for
the quarter.   The days of payables are calculated using the year-end accounts
payable balance and the average daily cost of revenue for the
quarter.   Cash Generation
Trends   Cash flow from operations has trended downward since 2006 and
the Companys cash flow from operations was lower in the
fourth quarter of 2008 compared to prior periods. Recent
economic conditions have impacted the Companys
profitability as well as contracted its receivables, inventories
and accounts payable. Based on these facts, it is possible that
the Companys 2009 cash flow from operations may be less
than cash flow from operations generated in 2008. In addition to
cash flow from operations, the Company has additional sources of
liquidity that are discussed further in the Additional
Sources of Liquidity section that follows.   Refer to the contractual cash obligations in the pages that
follow for additional information regarding items that will
likely impact the Companys future cash flows.   Investing
activities   The Company increased its marketable securities investments by
$2106million and $1129million in 2008 and 2007,
respectively. The Company decreased its marketable securities
investments in 2006 by $3148million, electing to spend
more money on share repurchases in that year. The YTY variations
in cash flows used for provided by investing activities were
driven by the Companys marketable securities investment
activities.   The Companys investments in marketable securities are
classified and accounted for as available-for-sale. At
December31, 2008 and December31, 2007, the
Companys marketable securities portfolio consisted of
asset-backed and mortgage-backed securities, corporate debt
securities, municipal debt securities, U.S.government and
agency debt securities, commercial paper, certificates of
deposit and preferred securities, including approximately
$25million and $79million, respectively, of auction
rate securities.   Market conditions continue to indicate significant uncertainty
on the part of investors on the economic outlook for the
U.S.and for financial institutions. This uncertainty has
created reduced liquidity across the fixed income investment
market, including the securities in which Lexmark is invested.
As a result, some of the Companys investments have
experienced reduced liquidity including unsuccessful auctions
for its auction rate security holdings as well as temporary and
other than temporary impairment of other marketable securities.
For the year ended December31, 2008, the Company
recognized $79million in net losses on its marketable
securities, including $73million for other-than-temporary
impairment of securities held by the Company on
December31, 2008 described in following paragraph.   
48   In 2008 there were several significant market events, including
the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers Holdings and the failure of
many auction rate securities. In 2008, Lexmark transferred its
Lehman Brothers corporate debt securities into the Level3
category of the fair value hierarchy, and subsequently took a
charge of $44million based on the estimated fair value of
the investments determined from indicative pricing sources.
Additionally in 2008, the Company recognized a $19million
charge for other-than-temporary impairment in connection with
its auction rate fixed income securities; the fair value of
which was determined using an internal discount cash flow
valuation model discussed later in this section. The Company
also incurred another $10million of charges related to
other-than-temporary impairments of certain distressed corporate
debt, mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities. The
$73million in total losses were recognized in Other
income expense, net on the Consolidated Statements of
Earnings and included in the Companys Level3
rollforward table in PartII, Item8, Note3 of
the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. In addition, the
Company has recognized a cumulative, pre-tax valuation allowance
of $17million included in Accumulated other
comprehensive loss on the Consolidated Statements of
Financial Position, representing a temporary impairment of the
overall portfolio. The pre-tax valuation allowance consists of
gross unrealized losses of $82million, primarily related
to asset-backed and mortgage-backed securities and corporate
debt securities, offset partially by $65million of gross
unrealized holding gains related mostly to US government and
agency securities.   The Company assesses its marketable securities for
other-than-temporary declines in value by considering several
factors that include, among other things, any events that may
affect the creditworthiness of a securitys issuer, current
and expected market conditions, the length of time and extent to
which fair value is less than cost, and the Companys
ability and intent to hold the security until a forecasted
recovery of fair value that may include holding the security to
maturity. As of February27, 2009, the Company does not
believe that it has a material risk in its current portfolio of
investments that would impact its financial condition or
liquidity.   Auction rate securities that do not successfully auction reset
to the maximum rate as prescribed in the underlying offering
statement. During the first quarter of 2008, the Company
reclassified $594million in auction rate fixed income
securities from Current assets to Noncurrent assets
on its Consolidated Condensed Statement of Financial
Position due to the fact that the securities had experienced
unsuccessful auctions and poor debt market conditions had
reduced the likelihood that the securities would successfully
auction within the next 12months. During the next three
quarters, $405million of the Companys auction rate
securities were either sold or redeemed at par, resulting in no
realized losses in 2008. At year-end 2008, the Company performed
a discounted cash flow analysis on its remaining auction rate
securities that resulted in a mark to market loss adjustment of
$25million. Of this $25million loss adjustment,
$19million mentioned previously was recognized in the
Consolidated Statements of Earnings as an other than temporary
impairment due to credit events involving the issuer and insurer
of one security. The remaining $06million was recognized
in Accumulated other comprehensive loss on the
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. Based on
Lexmarks assessment of the credit quality of the
underlying collateral and credit support available to each of
the auction rate securities in which the Company is invested, it
believes no additional other than temporary impairment has
occurred. The Company has the ability and intent to hold these
securities until liquidity in the market or optional issuer
redemption occurs and could also hold the securities to
maturity. Additionally, if Lexmark required capital, the Company
has available liquidity through its accounts receivable program
and revolving credit facility.   Recent events have led to an increased focus on fair value
accounting, including the practices companies utilize to value
financial instruments. The Company uses a third party to provide
the fair values of the marketable securities in which Lexmark is
invested, though the valuation of its investments is the
responsibility of the Company. The Company has performed a
reasonable level of due diligence in the way of documenting the
pricing methodologies used by the third party as well as a
limited amount of sampling of the valuations. Most of the
Companys securities are valued using a consensus price
method, whereby prices from a variety of industry data providers
multiple quotes are input into a distribution-curve based
algorithm to determine daily market values. Pricing inputs for a
select number of securities were provided and compared to the
overall valuation for reasonableness. In limited instances, the
Company has   
49   adjusted the fair values provided by the third party in order to
better reflect the risk adjustments that market participants
would make for nonperformance and liquidity risks. Level3
fair value measurements are based on inputs that are
unobservable and significant to the overall valuation. The
Companys Level3 recurring fair value measurements
include security types that do not have readily determinable
market values
and/or are
not priced by independent data sources, including failed auction
rate securities valued at $247million discussed
previously, certain distressed debt instruments valued at
$08million including Lehman corporate debt valued at
$05million and other thinly traded corporate debt
securities and mortgage-backed securities valued at
$06million. These measurements were roughly 36% of the
Companys total available-for-sale marketable securities
portfolio.   The discounted cash flow analysis performed by the Company on
its auction rate securities at year-end 2008 used current coupon
rates, a first quarter 2010 redemption date and a 50basis
point liquidity premium factored into the discount rate. The
result was the Companys best estimate of fair value using
assumptions that the Company believes market participants would
make for nonperformance and liquidity risk at the measurement
date. For certain debt instruments that the Company considers
distressed due to reasons such as bankruptcy or a significant
downgrade in credit rating, the securities are generally valued
using non-binding quotes from brokers or other indicative
pricing sources. For certain corporate debt and mortgage-backed
securities held by the Company, current pricing data was no
longer available at the measurement date, representing a decline
in the volume and level of trading activity. These securities
are also generally valued using non-binding quotes from brokers
or other indicative pricing sources.   Refer to PartII, Item8, Note3 of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information
regarding FAS157 Fair Value Measurements. Refer to
PartII, Item8, Note6 of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information
regarding marketable securities.   In addition to investing in marketable securities, the Company
also invested $2177million, $1827million and
$2002million into property, plant and equipment for the
years 2008, 2007 and 2006 respectively. Further discussion
regarding 2008 capital expenditures as well as anticipated
spending for 2009 are provided near the end of Item7.   Other notable investing cash flows include $46million
proceeds received from the sale of the Companys inkjet
supplies assembly plant located in Juarez, Mexico in the third
quarter of 2008 as well as $81million proceeds received
from the sale of the Scotland facility that occurred in the
first quarter of 2007. These events are presented in Proceeds
from sale of facilities in the Investing section of the
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for their respective
periods.   Financing
activities   The fluctuations in the net cash flows used for financing
activities were principally due to the Companys share
repurchase activity, offset partially by the repayment of debt
and issuance of new debt that occurred in the second quarter of
2008. The Company repurchased $06billion,
$02billion and $09billion of treasury stock during
2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively. Refer to the sections that
follow for additional information regarding these financing
activities.   Share
Repurchases   In May 2008, the Company received authorization from the board
of directors to repurchase an additional $750million of
its ClassA Common Stock for a total repurchase authority
of $465billion. As of December31, 2008, there was
approximately $05billion of share repurchase authority
remaining. This repurchase authority allows the Company, at
managements discretion, to selectively repurchase its
stock from time to time in the open market or in privately
negotiated transactions depending upon market price and other
factors. During 2008, the Company repurchased approximately
175million shares at a cost of approximately
$06billion, including two accelerated share repurchase
agreements discussed below. As of December31, 2008, since
the inception of the program in April 1996, the Company had
repurchased approximately 916million shares for an
aggregate cost of approximately $42billion. As of
December31, 2008, the Company had reissued approximately
05million shares of previously   
50   repurchased shares in connection with certain of its employee
benefit programs. As a result of these issuances as well as the
retirement of 440million, 160million and
160million shares of treasury stock in 2005, 2006 and
2008, respectively, the net treasury shares outstanding at
December31, 2008, were 151million.   Accelerated Share
Repurchase Agreements   The Company executed two accelerated share repurchase agreements
ASR with financial institution counterparties in
2008, resulting in a total of 87million shares
repurchased at a cost of $2500million over the third and
fourth quarter. The impact of the two ASRs is included in the
share repurchase totals provided in the preceding paragraphs.
The settlement provisions of both ASRs were essentially forward
contracts, and were accounted for under the provisions of
Emerging Issues Task Force EITF Issue
No00-19
Accounting for Derivative Financial Instruments Indexed to,
and Potentially Settled in, a Companys Own Stock as
equity instruments. The details of each ASR are provided in the
following paragraphs.   On August28, 2008, the Company entered into an accelerated
share repurchase agreement with a financial institution
counterparty. Under the terms of the ASR, the Company paid
$1500million targeting 41million shares based on
an initial price of $3690. On September3, 2008, the
Company took delivery of 85% of the shares, or 35million
shares at a cost of $1275million. The final number of
shares to be delivered by the counterparty under the ASR was
dependent on the average of the daily volume weighted average
price of the Companys common stock over the
agreements trading period, a discount, and the initial
number of shares delivered. Under the terms of the ASR, the
Company would either receive additional shares from the
counterparty or be required to deliver additional shares or cash
to the counterparty. The Company controlled its election to
either deliver additional shares or cash to the counterparty. On
October21, 2008, the counterparty delivered
12million shares in final settlement of the agreement,
bringing the total shares repurchased under the ASR to
47million at a total cost of $1500million at an
average price per share of $3191.   On October21, 2008, the Company entered into an
accelerated share repurchase agreement with another financial
institution counterparty. Under the terms of the ASR, the
Company paid $1000million targeting 39million
shares based on an initial price of $2571. On October24,
2008, the Company took delivery of 85% of the shares, or
33million shares at a cost of $850million. The
final number of shares to be delivered by the counterparty under
the ASR was dependent on the average of the daily volume
weighted average price of the Companys common stock over
the agreements trading period, a discount, and the initial
number of shares delivered. Under the terms of the ASR, the
Company would either receive additional shares from the
counterparty or be required to deliver additional shares or cash
to the counterparty. The Company controlled its election to
either deliver additional shares or cash to the counterparty. On
December26, 2008, the counterparty delivered
07million shares in final settlement of the agreement,
bringing the total shares repurchased under the ASR to
40million at a total cost of $1000million at an
average price per share of $2522.   Retirement of
Treasury Shares   In December 2005, October 2006 and October 2008, the Company
received authorization from the board of directors to retire
440million, 160million and 160million
shares, respectively, of the Companys ClassA Common
Stock currently held in the Companys treasury as treasury
stock. The retired shares resumed the status of authorized but
unissued shares of ClassA Common Stock. Refer to the
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity and
Comprehensive Earnings for the effects on Common stock,
Capital in excess of par, Retained earnings and
Treasury stock from the retirement of the
160million shares of ClassA Common Stock in 2006
and 160million shares of ClassA Common Stock in
2008.   
51   Senior
Notes Long-term Debt and Current Portion of
Long-term Debt   In May 2008, the Company repaid its $150million principal
amount of 675%senior notes that were due on May15,
2008. Additionally, in May 2008, the Company completed a public
debt offering of $650million aggregate principal amount of
fixed rate senior unsecured notes. The notes are split into two
tranches of
five-and
ten-year notes respectively. The five-year notes with an
aggregate principal amount of $350million and 59% coupon
were priced at 9983% to have an effective yield to maturity of
5939% and will mature June1, 2013 referred to as the
2013 senior notes. The ten-year notes with an
aggregate principal amount of $300million and 665% coupon
were priced at 9973% to have an effective yield to maturity of
6687% and will mature June1, 2018 referred to as the
2018 senior notes. At December31, 2008, the
outstanding balance was $6487million net of unamortized
discount of $13million.   The 2013 and 2018 senior notes collectively referred to as the
senior notes pay interest on June 1 and December 1
of each year, beginning December1, 2008. The interest rate
payable on the notes of each series will be subject to
adjustments from time to time if either Moodys Investors
Service, Inc. or Standard and Poors Ratings Services
downgrades the debt rating assigned to the notes to a level
below investment grade, or subsequently upgrades the ratings.   The senior notes contain typical restrictions on liens, sale
leaseback transactions, mergers and sales of assets. There are
no sinking fund requirements on the senior notes and they may be
redeemed at any time at the option of the Company, at a
redemption price as described in the related indenture
agreement, as supplemented and amended, in whole or in part. If
a change of control triggering event as defined
below occurs, the Company will be required to make an offer to
repurchase the notes in cash from the holders at a price equal
to 101% of their aggregate principal amount plus accrued and
unpaid interest to, but not including, the date of repurchase. A
change of control triggering event is defined as the
occurrence of both a change of control and a downgrade in the
debt rating assigned to the notes to a level below investment
grade.   The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering
for general corporate purposes, including to fund share
repurchases, repay debt, finance acquisitions, finance capital
expenditures and operating expenses and invest in any
subsidiaries.   Additional
Sources of Liquidity   Credit
Facility   Effective January20, 2005, Lexmark entered into a
$300million
5-year
senior, unsecured, multi-currency revolving credit facility with
a group of banks. Under the credit facility, the Company may
borrow in U.S.dollars, euros, British pounds sterling and
Japanese yen. As of December31, 2008 and 2007, there were
no amounts outstanding under the credit facility.   Lexmarks credit agreement contains usual and customary
default provisions, leverage and interest coverage restrictions
and certain restrictions on secured and subsidiary debt,
disposition of assets, liens and mergers and acquisitions. The
$300million credit facility has a maturity date of
January20, 2010.   Interest on all borrowings under the facility depends upon the
type of loan, namely alternative base rate loans, swingline
loans or eurocurrency loans. Alternative base rate loans bear
interest at the greater of the prime rate or the federal funds
rate plus one-half of one percent. Swingline loans limited to
$50million bear interest at an agreed upon rate at the
time of the borrowing. Eurocurrency loans bear interest at the
sum of ia LIBOR for the applicable currency and interest
period and iian interest rate spread based upon the
Companys debt ratings ranging from 018% to 080%. In
addition, Lexmark is required to pay a facility fee on the
$300million line of credit of 007% to 020% based upon
the Companys debt ratings. The interest and facility fees
are payable at least quarterly.   
52   Trade Receivables
Facility   In the U.S., the Company transfers a majority of its receivables
to its wholly-owned subsidiary, Lexmark Receivables Corporation
LRC, which then may transfer the receivables on a
limited recourse basis to an unrelated third party. The
financial results of LRC are included in the Companys
consolidated financial results. LRC is a separate legal entity
with its own separate creditors who, in a liquidation of LRC,
would be entitled to be satisfied out of LRCs assets prior
to any value in LRC becoming available for equity claims of the
Company.   In October 2004, the Company entered into an amended and
restated agreement to sell a portion of its trade receivables on
a limited recourse basis. The amended agreement allowed for a
maximum capital availability of $200million under this
facility. The primary purpose of the amendment was to extend the
term of the facility to October16, 2007, with required
annual renewal of commitments.   During the first quarter of 2007, the Company amended the
facility to allow LRC to repurchase receivables previously
transferred to the unrelated third party. Prior to the 2007
amendment, the Company accounted for the transfer of receivables
from LRC to the unrelated third party as sales of receivables.
As a result of the 2007 amendment, the Company accounts for the
transfers of receivables from LRC to the unrelated third party
as a secured borrowing with a pledge of its receivables as
collateral. The amendment became effective in the second quarter
of 2007. In October 2008, the facility was renewed until
October3, 2009 and the maximum capital available under the
facility decreased from $200million to $100million.   This facility contains customary affirmative and negative
covenants as well as specific provisions related to the quality
of the accounts receivables transferred. As collections reduce
previously transferred receivables, the Company may replenish
these with new receivables. Lexmark bears a limited risk of bad
debt losses on the trade receivables transferred, since the
Company over-collateralizes the receivables transferred with
additional eligible receivables. Lexmark addresses this risk of
loss in its allowance for doubtful accounts. Receivables
transferred to the unrelated third-party may not include amounts
over 90days past due or concentrations over certain limits
with any one customer. The facility also contains customary cash
control triggering events which, if triggered, could adversely
affect the Companys liquidity
and/or its
ability to transfer trade receivables. A downgrade in the
Companys credit rating could reduce the Companys
ability to transfer trade receivables.   There were no secured borrowings outstanding under the facility
at December31, 2008 or December31, 2007.   Other
Information   The Companys credit rating could be influenced by a number
of factors, including overall economic conditions, demand for
the Companys printers and associated supplies and ability
to generate sufficient cash flow to service the Companys
debt. The Company does not have any rating downgrade triggers
that would accelerate the maturity dates of its revolving credit
facility and public debt. The Companys borrowing capacity
may be reduced under the Accounts Receivable Program should the
Companys rating decline. In addition, a downgrade in the
Companys credit rating could increase the cost of
borrowing under its revolving credit facility and the coupon
payments on the Companys public debt if the rating falls
below investment grade. Moreover, credit ratings could adversely
affect the Companys ability to obtain access to new
financings in the future and could increase the cost of such
borrowings. The Companys current credit ratings are Baa2
and BBB, as evaluated by Moodys Investors Service and
Standard Poors Ratings Services, respectively.
Lexmark has been notified by the two credit rating agencies
above that the Companys credit rating is under review.   The Company is in compliance with all covenants and other
requirements set forth in its debt agreements.   Off-Balance Sheet
Arrangements   At December31, 2008 and 2007, the Company did not have any
off-balance sheet arrangements.   
53   Contractual Cash
Obligations   The following table summarizes the Companys contractual
obligations at December31, 2008   	
Less than
1-3
3-5
More than
Dollars in Millions   Total   1Year   Years   Years   5Years     Long-term
debt1     933     41     81     421     390   Capital leases   1   1          Operating leases   94   36   41   14   3   Purchase obligations   160   160          Uncertain tax positions   29   6   23        Other long-term
liabilities2   62   38   7     17   Total contractual obligations     1,279     282     152     435     410   
1
includes interest payments
2
includes current portion of other
long-term liabilities
Long-term debt reported in the table above includes
principal repayments of $350million and $300million
in the 3-5Years and More than 5Years
columns, respectively. All other amounts represent interest
payments.   Purchase obligations reported in the table above include
agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable
and legally binding on the Company and that specify all
significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be
purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the
approximate timing of the transaction.   In connection with the Companys restructuring programs,
the total liability balance at December31, 2008 was
$39million, including $37million that is included in
Accrued liabilities and is expected to be paid in the
next twelve months and $2million that is included in
Other liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of
Financial Position. The $39million total is included in
Other long-term liabilities in the table above, with
short-term and long-term amounts reported separately in the
Less than 1Year and 1-3Years columns,
respectively. These payments will relate mainly to employee
termination benefits and contract termination and lease charges.   The Companys funding policy for its pension plans is to
fund minimum amounts according to the regulatory requirements
under which the plans operate. From time to time, the Company
may choose to fund amounts in excess of the minimum for various
reasons. The Company is currently expecting to contribute
approximately $100million to its pension and other
postretirement plans in 2009, driven by the steep decline in the
fair value of plan assets that occurred in 2008. Expected
funding obligations beyond 2009 are uncertain due to a variety
of factors. The effect of any future contributions the Company
may be obligated or otherwise choose to make could be material
to the Companys future cash flows from operations. Due to
the uncertainty of future funding obligations beyond 2009, the
table above contains no amounts for pension plan contributions.   The Companys financial obligation to collect, recycle,
treat and dispose of the printing devices it produces, and in
some instances, historical waste equipment it holds, is not
shown in the table above due to the lack of historical data
necessary to project future dates of payment. At
December31, 2008, the Companys estimated liability
for this obligation was a current liability of $1million
and a long-term liability of $33million. These amounts
were included in Accrued liabilities and Other
liabilities, respectively, on the Consolidated Statements of
Financial Position. Refer to the Risk Factors
section in PartI, Item1A of this report for
additional information regarding the Waste Electrical and
Electronic Equipment Directive adopted by the European Union.   As of December31, 2008, the Company had accrued
approximately $118million for pending copyright fee
issues, including litigation proceedings, local legislative
initiatives
and/or
negotiations with the parties involved. These accruals are
included in Accrued liabilities on the Consolidated
Statements of Financial Position. The liability is not included
in the table above due to the level of uncertainty regarding the
timing of   
54   payments and ultimate settlement of the litigation. Refer to
PartII, Item8, Note17 of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.   CAPITAL
EXPENDITURES   Capital expenditures totaled $218million,
$183million and $200million in 2008, 2007 and 2006,
respectively. The capital expenditures in 2008 were primarily
attributable to infrastructure support including information
technology expenditures and new product development. During
2009, the Company expects capital expenditures to be
approximately $225million, primarily attributable to
infrastructure support and new product development. The capital
expenditures are expected to be funded through cash from
operations.   EFFECT OF
CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATES AND EXCHANGE RATE RISK
MANAGEMENT   Revenue derived from international sales, including exports from
the U.S., accounts for approximately 59% of the Companys
consolidated revenue, with Europe accounting for approximately
two-thirds of international sales. Substantially all foreign
subsidiaries maintain their accounting records in their local
currencies. Consequently, period-to-period comparability of
results of operations is affected by fluctuations in currency
exchange rates. Certain of the Companys Latin American and
European entities use the U.S.dollar as their functional
currency.   Currency exchange rates had a favorable impact on international
revenue in 2008 and 2007 when compared with 2007 and 2006,
respectively. The Company acts to neutralize the effects of
exchange rate fluctuations through the use of operational
hedges, such as pricing actions and product sourcing decisions.   The Companys exposure to exchange rate fluctuations
generally cannot be minimized solely through the use of
operational hedges. Therefore, the Company utilizes financial
instruments, from time to time, such as forward exchange
contracts to reduce the impact of exchange rate fluctuations on
certain assets and liabilities, which arise from transactions
denominated in currencies other than the functional currency.
The Company does not purchase currency-related financial
instruments for purposes other than exchange rate risk
management.   RECENT ACCOUNTING
PRONOUNCEMENTS   Refer to PartII, Item8, Note2 of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of recent
accounting pronouncements which is incorporated herein by
reference.   INFLATION   The Company is subject to the effects of changing prices and
operates in an industry where product prices are very
competitive and subject to downward price pressures. As a
result, future increases in production costs or raw material
prices could have an adverse effect on the Companys
business. In an effort to minimize the impact on earnings of any
such increases, the Company must continually manage its product
costs and manufacturing processes. Additionally, monetary assets
such as cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities lose
purchasing power during inflationary periods and thus, the
Companys cash and marketable securities balances could be
more susceptible to the effects of increasing inflation.   
55   Item7A.QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   MARKET RISK
SENSITIVITY   The market risk inherent in the Companys financial
instruments and positions represents the potential loss arising
from adverse changes in interest rates and foreign currency
exchange rates.   Interest
Rates   At December31, 2008, the fair value of the Companys
senior notes was estimated at $505million using quoted
market prices obtained from an independent broker. The carrying
value as recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Financial
Position at December31, 2008 exceeded the fair value of
the senior notes by approximately $1437million. Market
risk is estimated as the potential change in fair value
resulting from a hypothetical 10% adverse change in interest
rates and amounts to approximately $269million at
December31, 2008.   See the section titled LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL
RESOURCES Investing Activities: in
Item7 of this report for a discussion of the
Companys auction rate securities portfolio which is
incorporated herein by reference.   Foreign Currency
Exchange Rates   The Company has employed, from time to time, a foreign currency
hedging strategy to limit potential losses in earnings or cash
flows from adverse foreign currency exchange rate movements.
Foreign currency exposures arise from transactions denominated
in a currency other than the Companys functional currency
and from foreign denominated revenue and profit translated into
U.S.dollars. The primary currencies to which the Company
is exposed include the Euro, the Mexican peso, the British
pound, the Philippine peso, the Canadian dollar as well as other
currencies. Exposures may be hedged with foreign currency
forward contracts, put options, and call options generally with
maturity dates of twelve months or less. The potential gain in
fair value at December31, 2008 for such contracts
resulting from a hypothetical 10% adverse change in all foreign
currency exchange rates is approximately $67million. This
gain would be mitigated by corresponding losses on the
underlying exposures.   
56   
Item8.
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA   Lexmark
International, Inc. and Subsidiaries
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS
For the years ended December31, 2008, 2007 and 2006
In
Millions, Except Per Share Amounts   	
2008   2007   2006   Revenue     4,5284     4,9739     5,1081   Cost of revenue   2,9938   3,4103   3,4621   Gross profit   1,5346   1,5636   1,6460   Research and development   4233   4038   3705   Selling, general and administrative   8073   8128   7618   Restructuring and related charges   268   257   712   Operating expense   1,2574   1,2423   1,2035   Operating income   2772   3213   4425   Interest income expense, net   61     212     221     Other income expense, net   74   70     53   Earnings before income taxes   2759   3495   4593   Provision for income taxes   357   487   1209   Net earnings     2402     3008     3384   Net earnings per share   Basic     270     316     329   Diluted     269     314     327   Shares used in per share calculation   Basic   889   953   1028   Diluted   892   958   1035   See notes to consolidated financial statements.   
57   Lexmark
International, Inc. and Subsidiaries
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION
As of December31, 2008 and 2007
In
Millions   	
2008   2007   ASSETS   Current assets   Cash and cash equivalents     2792     2770   Marketable securities   6941   5191   Trade receivables, net of allowances of $361 and $365 in 2008
and 2007, respectively   4273   5788   Inventories   4383   4644   Prepaid expenses and other current assets   2238   2275   Total current assets   2,0627   2,0668   Property, plant and equipment, net   8632   8690   Marketable securities   247     Other assets   3148   1853   Total assets     3,2654     3,1211   LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY   Current liabilities   Short term debt     55        Current portion of long-term debt     1499   Accounts payable   5571   6369   Accrued liabilities   6949   7105   Total current liabilities   1,2575   1,4973   Long-term debt   6487     Other liabilities   5471   3455   Total liabilities   2,4533   1,8428   Commitments and contingencies   Stockholders equity   Preferred stock, $01par value, 16shares
authorized; no shares issued and outstanding        Common stock, $01par value   ClassA, 9000shares authorized; 777 and 947
outstanding in 2008 and 2007, respectively   09   11   ClassB, 100shares authorized; no shares issued and
outstanding        Capital in excess of par   8035   8878   Retained earnings   6925   9357   Treasury stock, net; at cost; 151 and 136shares in 2008
and 2007, respectively   4045     4547     Accumulated other comprehensive loss   2803     916     Total stockholders equity   8121   1,2783   Total liabilities and stockholders equity     3,2654     3,1211   See notes to consolidated financial statements.   
58   Lexmark
International, Inc. and Subsidiaries
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
For the years ended December31, 2008, 2007 and 2006
In
Millions   	
2008   2007   2006   Cash flows from operating activities   Net earnings     2402     3008     3384   Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by
operating activities   Depreciation and amortization   2049   1923   2009   Deferred taxes   310     310     219     Stock-based compensation expense   327   412   432   Tax shortfall from employee stock plans   33     03     07     Foreign exchange gain upon Scotland liquidation     81        Gain on sale of facilities   11     35        Other   67   94     33   4491   4820   5632   Change in assets and liabilities   Trade receivables   1505   55   666   Inventories   261   66     486     Accounts payable   801     366   275   Accrued liabilities   397     74     620   Other assets and liabilities   238     541   02   Net cash flows provided by operating activities   4821   5642   6709   Cash flows from investing activities   Purchases of property, plant and equipment   2177     1827     2002     Purchases of marketable securities   7444     9682     1,4062     Proceeds from sales/maturities of marketable securities   5338   8553   1,7210   Proceeds from sale of facilities   46   81     Other   39     01   19     Net cash flows used for provided by investing activities   4276     2874     1127   Cash flows from financing activities   Repayment of current portion of long term debt   1500          Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt, net of issuance cost
of $41 in 2008   6445        Increase in short-term debt   57        Issuance of treasury stock     01   05   Purchase of treasury stock   5545     1650     8710     Proceeds from employee stock plans   63   156   528   Tax windfall from employee stock plans   11   39   125   Other   12     16     35     Net cash flows used for financing activities   481     1470     8087     Effect of exchange rate changes on cash   42     26   14   Net change in cash and cash equivalents   22   1324   237     Cash and cash equivalents beginning of period   2770   1446   1683   Cash and cash equivalents end of period     2792     2770     1446   See notes to consolidated financial statements.   
59   Lexmark
International, Inc. and Subsidiaries
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY AND
COMPREHENSIVE EARNINGS
For the years ended December31, 2008, 2007 and 2006
In
Millions   	
Accumulated
Class A
Other
and B
Capital in
Comprehensive
Total
Common Stock   Excess of
Retained
Treasury
Earnings
Stockholders
Shares   Amount   Par   Earnings   Stock   Loss   Equity   Balance at December31, 2005   1119     12     8325     9888     2305        1633        1,4287   Comprehensive earnings, net of taxes   Net earnings   3384   3384   Other comprehensive earnings loss   Minimum pension liability adjustment   269   Cash flow hedges, net of reclassifications   64     Translation adjustment   223   Net unrealized gain loss on marketable securities   06   Other comprehensive earnings loss   434   434   Comprehensive earnings, net of taxes   3818   Adjustment to initially apply SFAS158, net of taxes   110     110     Shares issued under deferred stock plan compensation   01   01   01   Shares issued upon exercise of options   13   466   466   Shares issued under employee stock purchase plan   01   62   62   Tax benefit related to stock plans   96   96   Stock-based compensation   437   437   Treasury shares purchased   165     8710     8710     Treasury shares issued   01   05   05   Treasury shares retired   01     1114     6997     8112     Balance at December31, 2006   970   11   8273   6275   2898     1309     1,0352   Comprehensive earnings, net of taxes   Net earnings   3008   3008   Other comprehensive earnings loss   Pension or other postretirement benefits, net of reclass   175   Cash flow hedges, net of reclassifications   07     Translation adjustment   225   Net unrealized gain loss on marketable securities     Other comprehensive earnings loss   393   393   Comprehensive earnings, net of taxes   3401   Adoption of
FIN481   74   74   Shares issued under deferred stock plan compensation   01   01   Shares issued upon exercise of options   03   100   100   Shares issued under employee stock purchase plan   01   56   56   Tax benefit related to stock plans   36   36   Stock-based compensation   412   412   Treasury shares purchased   27     1650     1650     Treasury shares issued   01   01   Balance at December31, 2007   947   11   8878   9357   4547     916     1,2783   Comprehensive earnings, net of taxes   Net earnings   2402   2402   Other comprehensive earnings loss   Pension or other postretirement benefits, net of reclass   1240     Cash flow hedges, net of reclassifications     Translation adjustment   634     Net unrealized gain loss on marketable securities   13     Other comprehensive earnings loss   1887     1887     Comprehensive earnings, net of taxes   515   Shares issued under deferred stock plan compensation   02     Shares issued upon exercise of options   02   42   42   Shares issued under employee stock purchase plan   01   21   21   Tax benefit shortfall related to stock plans   22     22     Stock-based compensation   327   327   Treasury shares purchased   175     5545     5545     Treasury shares issued     Treasury shares retired   02     1211     4834     6047     Balance at December31, 2008   777     09     8035     6925     4045        2803        8121   
1
Adjustment to retained earnings
related to adoption of FIN48 was $7340million
See notes to consolidated financial statements.   
60   Lexmark
International, Inc. and Subsidiaries
NOTESTO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
Dollars in Millions, Except Per Share Amounts   
1.
ORGANIZATION AND
BUSINESS   Since its inception in 1991, Lexmark International, Inc.
Lexmark or the Company has become a
leading developer, manufacturer and supplier of distributed
printing and imaging solutions. The Companys products
include laser printers, inkjet printers, multifunction devices,
and associated supplies, services and solutions. Lexmark also
sells dot matrix printers for printing single and multi-part
forms by business users. The customers for Lexmarks
products are large enterprises, small and medium businesses and
small offices home offices SOHOs worldwide. The
Companys products are principally sold through resellers,
retailers and distributors in more than 150 countries in North
and South America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Asia, the
Pacific Rim and the Caribbean.   
2.
SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES   Principles of
Consolidation   The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the
accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. All significant
intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated.   Use of
Estimates   The preparation of consolidated financial statements in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America U.S. requires management
to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts
of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing
basis, the Company evaluates its estimates, including those
related to customer programs and incentives, product returns,
doubtful accounts, inventories, stock-based compensation,
intangible assets, income taxes, warranty obligations, copyright
fees, restructurings, pension and other postretirement benefits,
and contingencies and litigation. Lexmark bases its estimates on
historical experience and on various other assumptions that are
believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results
of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying
values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent
from other sources. Actual results may differ from these
estimates under different assumptions or conditions.   Foreign Currency
Translation   Assets and liabilities of
non-U.S.subsidiaries
that operate in a local currency environment are translated into
U.S.dollars at period-end exchange rates. Income and
expense accounts are translated at average exchange rates
prevailing during the period. Adjustments arising from the
translation of assets and liabilities, changes in
stockholders equity and results of operations are
accumulated as a separate component of Accumulated other
comprehensive earnings loss in stockholders equity.   Cash
Equivalents   All highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three
months or less at the Companys date of purchase are
considered to be cash equivalents.   Marketable
Securities   Based on the Companys expected holding period, Lexmark has
classified all of its marketable securities as
available-for-sale and the majority of these investments are
reported in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as
current assets. A portion of the Companys
available-for-sale auction rate securities have been classified
as noncurrent assets since the expected holding period is
assumed to be greater than one year due to failed market
auctions of these securities. Refer to Note3, Fair Value,
and Note6   
61   Marketable Securities, for further discussion on the
Companys auction rate securities. Lexmark reports its
available-for-sale marketable securities at fair value with
unrealized gains or losses recorded in Accumulated other
comprehensive earnings loss on the Consolidated Statements
of Financial Position. The Company assesses its marketable
securities for other-than-temporary declines in value by
considering various factors that include, among other things,
any events that may affect the creditworthiness of a
securitys issuer, the length of time the security has been
in a loss position and the Companys ability and intent to
hold the security until a forecasted recovery of fair value that
may include holding the security to maturity. Realized gains or
losses are included in net earnings in Other income
expense, net on the Consolidated Statements of Earnings and
are derived using the specific identification method for
determining the cost of the securities.   Allowance for
Doubtful Accounts   Lexmark maintains allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated
losses resulting from the inability of its customers to make
required payments. The Company estimates the allowance for
doubtful accounts based on a variety of factors including the
length of time receivables are past due, the financial health of
its customers, unusual macroeconomic conditions and historical
experience. If the financial condition of its customers
deteriorates or other circumstances occur that result in an
impairment of customers ability to make payments, the
Company records additional allowances as needed.   Fair
Value   The Company defines fair value as the price that would be
received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an
orderly transaction between market participants at the
measurement date. In measuring fair value, the Company uses a
hierarchy of inputs to valuation techniques that maximizes the
use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable
inputs by requiring that the most observable inputs be used when
available. Although permitted under current accounting guidance,
the Company has not applied fair value measurements to any
nonrecurring, nonfinancial fair value items such as impairment
assessments of fixed assets, initial recognition of asset
retirement obligations, and goodwill impairment testing.   The Company generally uses a market approach, when practicable,
in valuing financial instruments. In certain instances, when
observable market data is lacking, the Company uses valuation
techniques consistent with the income approach whereby future
cash flows are converted to a single discounted amount. The fair
value of cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, trade
payables and short-term debt approximates their carrying values
due to the relatively short-term nature of the instruments. The
fair value of Lexmarks marketable securities are based on
quoted market prices or other observable market data or in some
cases, internally developed inputs and assumptions discounted
cash flow model when observable market data does not exist. The
fair value of long-term debt, as well as the previous
years current portion of long-term debt, is/was estimated
based on current rates available to the Company for debt with
similar characteristics. The fair value of derivative financial
instruments is based on pricing models or formulas using current
market data, or where applicable, quoted market prices.   Inventories   Inventories are stated at the lower of average cost or market,
using standard cost which approximates the average cost method
of valuing its inventories and related cost of goods sold. The
Company considers all raw materials to be in production upon
their receipt.   Lexmark writes down its inventory for estimated obsolescence or
unmarketable inventory equal to the difference between the cost
of inventory and the estimated market value. The Company
estimates the difference between the cost of obsolete or
unmarketable inventory and its market value based upon product
demand requirements, product life cycle, product pricing and
quality issues. Also, Lexmark records an adverse purchase
commitment liability when anticipated market sales prices are
lower than committed costs.   
62   Property, Plant
and Equipment   Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost and depreciated
over their estimated useful lives using the straight-line
method. Property, plant and equipment accounts are relieved of
the cost and related accumulated depreciation when assets are
disposed of or otherwise retired.   Internal Use
Software Costs   Lexmark capitalizes direct costs incurred during the application
development and implementation stages for developing,
purchasing, or otherwise acquiring software for internal use.
These software costs are included in Property, plant and
equipment, net, on the Consolidated Statements of Financial
Position and are depreciated over the estimated useful life of
the software, generally three to five years. All costs incurred
during the preliminary project stage are expensed as incurred.   Goodwill and
Other Intangible Assets   Lexmark annually reviews its goodwill for impairment and
currently does not have any indefinite-lived intangible assets.
The Companys goodwill and intangible assets are
immaterial, and therefore are not separately presented in the
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.   Long-Lived
Assets   Lexmark performs reviews for the impairment of long-lived assets
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. An
impairment loss is recognized when estimated undiscounted future
cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and its
eventual disposition are less than its carrying amount. If
future expected undiscounted cash flows are insufficient to
recover the carrying value of the assets, then an impairment
loss is recognized based upon the excess of the carrying value
of the asset over the anticipated cash flows on a discounted
basis.   Lexmark also reviews any legal and contractual obligations
associated with the retirement of its long-lived assets and
records assets and liabilities, as necessary, related to the
cost of such obligations. Costs associated with such obligations
that are reasonably estimable and probable are accrued and
expensed, or capitalized as appropriate. The asset recorded
shall be recorded during the period in which it occurs and shall
be amortized over the useful life of the related long-lived
tangible asset. The liability recorded is relieved when the
costs are incurred to retire the related long-lived tangible
asset. The Companys asset retirement obligations are
currently not material.   Warranty   Lexmark provides for the estimated cost of product warranties at
the time revenue is recognized. The amounts accrued for product
warranties is based on the quantity of units sold under
warranty, estimated product failure rates, and material usage
and service delivery costs. The estimates for product failure
rates and material usage and service delivery costs are
periodically adjusted based on actual results. For extended
warranty programs, the Company defers revenue in short-term and
long-term liability accounts based on the extended warranty
contractual period for amounts invoiced to customers for these
programs and recognizes the revenue ratably over the contractual
period. Costs associated with extended warranty programs are
expensed as incurred.   Revenue
Recognition   General   Lexmark recognizes revenue when persuasive evidence of an
arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the sales price is
fixed or determinable and collectibility is reasonably assured.
Revenue as reported in the Companys Consolidated
Statements of Earnings is reported net of any taxes e.g.,
sales, use, value   
63   added assessed by a governmental entity that is directly
imposed on a revenue-producing transaction between a seller and
a customer.   The following are the policies applicable to Lexmarks
major categories of revenue transactions   Products
Revenue from product sales, including sales to distributors and
resellers, is recognized when title and risk of loss transfer to
the customer, generally when the product is shipped to the
customer. When other significant obligations remain after
products are delivered, such as contractual requirements
pertaining to customer acceptance, revenue is recognized only
after such obligations are fulfilled. At the time revenue is
recognized, the Company provides for the estimated cost of
post-sales support, principally product warranty, and reduces
revenue for estimated product returns.   Lexmark records estimated reductions to revenue at the time of
sale for customer programs and incentive offerings including
special pricing agreements, promotions and other volume-based
incentives. Estimated reductions in revenue are based upon
historical trends and other known factors at the time of sale.
Lexmark also records estimated reductions to revenue for price
protection, which it provides to substantially all of its
distributors and reseller customers.   Services   Revenue from support or maintenance contracts, including
extended warranty programs, is recognized ratably over the
contractual period. Amounts invoiced to customers in excess of
revenue recognized on support or maintenance contracts are
recorded as deferred revenue until the appropriate revenue
recognition criteria are met. Revenue for time and material
contracts is recognized as the services are performed.   Multiple Element
Revenue Arrangements   Lexmark enters into transactions that include multiple elements,
such as a combination of products and services. Revenue for
these arrangements is allocated to each element based on its
relative fair value and is recognized when the revenue
recognition criteria for each element have been met. Relative
fair value may be determined by the price of an element if it
were sold on a stand-alone basis or third party evidence e.g.,
competitors prices of comparable products or services.   Research and
Development Costs   Lexmark engages in the design and development of new products
and enhancements to its existing products. The Companys
research and development activity is focused on laser and inkjet
printers, multifunction products MFPs, and
associated supplies, features and related technologies. The
Company expenses research and development costs when incurred.   Advertising
Costs   The Company expenses advertising costs when incurred.
Advertising expense was approximately $934million,
$1115million, and $987million in 2008, 2007 and
2006, respectively.   Pension and Other
Postretirement Plans   The Company accounts for its defined benefit pension and other
postretirement plans using actuarial models. Liabilities are
computed using the projected unit credit method. The objective
under this method is to expense each participants benefits
under the plan as they accrue, taking into consideration future
salary increases and the plans benefit allocation formula.
Thus, the total pension to which each participant is expected to
become entitled is broken down into units, each associated with
a year of past or future credited service.   
64   The discount rate assumption for the pension and other
postretirement benefit plan liabilities reflects the rates at
which the benefits could effectively be settled and are based on
current investment yields of high-quality fixed-income
investments. The Company uses a yield-curve approach to
determine the assumed discount rate in the U.S.based on
the timing of the cash flows of the expected future benefit
payments. This approach matches the plans cash flows to
that of a yield curve that provides the equivalent yields on
zero-coupon corporate bonds for each maturity.   The Companys assumed long-term rate of return on plan
assets is based on long-term historical actual return
information, the mix of investments that comprise plan assets
and future estimates of long-term investment returns by
reference to external sources. Differences between actual and
expected asset returns on equity investments are recognized in
the calculation of net periodic benefit cost over five years.   The rate of compensation increase is determined by the Company
based upon its long-term plans for such increases. Effective
April 2006, this assumption is no longer applicable to the
U.S.pension plan due to the benefit accrual freeze in
connection with the Companys 2006 restructuring actions.
Unrecognized actuarial gains and losses that fall outside the
10% corridor are amortized on a straight-line basis
over the remaining estimated service period of active
participants. The Company has elected to continue using the
average remaining service period over which to amortize the
unrecognized actuarial gains and losses on the frozen
U.S.plan.   The Companys funding policy for its pension plans is to
fund the minimum amounts according to the regulatory
requirements under which the plans operate. From time to time,
the Company may choose to fund amounts in excess of the minimum
for various reasons.   The Company accrues for the cost of providing postretirement
benefits such as medical and life insurance coverage over the
remaining estimated service period of participants. These
benefits are funded by the Company when paid.   Effective December31, 2006, the Company adopted Statement
of Financial Accounting Standards SFAS
No158, Employers Accounting for Defined Benefit
Pension and Other Postretirement Plans, an amendment of FASB
Statements No87, 88, 106, and 132R
SFAS158. SFAS158 requires
recognition of the funded status of a benefit plan in the
statement of financial position and recognition in other
comprehensive earnings of certain gains and losses that arise
during the period, but are deferred under pension accounting
rules.   Stock-Based
Compensation   On January1, 2006, the Company implemented the provisions
of SFASNo123 revised 2004, Share-Based Payment
SFAS123R and related interpretations.
SFAS123R requires that all share-based payments to
employees, including grants of stock options, be recognized in
the financial statements based on their fair value. The Company
selected the modified prospective transition method for
implementing SFAS123R and began recognizing compensation
expense for stock-based awards granted on or after
January1, 2006, plus any unvested awards granted prior to
January1, 2006. Stock-based compensation expense for
awards granted on or after January1, 2006, is based on the
grant date fair value calculated in accordance with the
provisions of SFAS123R. Stock-based compensation related
to any unvested awards granted prior to January1, 2006, is
based on the grant date fair value calculated in accordance with
the original provisions of SFASNo123, Accounting
for Stock-Based Compensation. The fair value of the
Companys stock-based awards, less estimated forfeitures,
is amortized over the awards vesting periods on a
straight-line basis.   The fair value of each option award on the grant date was
estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the
following assumptions: expected dividend yield, expected stock
price volatility, weighted average risk-free interest rate and
weighted average expected life of the options. Under
SFAS123R, the Companys expected volatility
assumption used in the Black-Scholes option-pricing model was
based exclusively on historical volatility and the expected life
assumption was established based upon an analysis of historical
option exercise behavior. The risk-free interest rate used in
the Black-Scholes model   
65   was based on the implied yield currently available on
U.S.Treasury zero-coupon issues with a remaining term
equal to the Companys expected term assumption. The
Company has never declared or paid any cash dividends on the
ClassA Common Stock and has no current plans to pay cash
dividends on the ClassA Common Stock. The payment of any
future cash dividends will be determined by the Companys
board of directors in light of conditions then existing,
including the Companys earnings, financial condition and
capital requirements, restrictions in financing agreements,
business conditions, tax laws, certain corporate law
requirements and various other factors.   Restructuring   Lexmark records a liability for a cost associated with an exit
or disposal activity at its fair value in the period in which
the liability is incurred, except for liabilities for certain
employee termination benefit charges that are accrued over time.
Employee termination benefits associated with an exit or
disposal activity are accrued when the obligation is probable
and estimable as a postemployment benefit obligation when local
statutory requirements stipulate minimum involuntary termination
benefits or, in the absence of local statutory requirements,
termination benefits to be provided are similar to benefits
provided in prior restructuring activities. Specifically for
termination benefits under a one-time benefit arrangement, the
timing of recognition and related measurement of a liability
depends on whether employees are required to render service
until they are terminated in order to receive the termination
benefits and, if so, whether employees will be retained to
render service beyond a minimum retention period. For employees
who are not required to render service until they are terminated
in order to receive the termination benefits or employees who
will not provide service beyond the minimum retention period,
the Company records a liability for the termination benefits at
the communication date. If employees are required to render
service until they are terminated in order to receive the
termination benefits and will be retained to render service
beyond the minimum retention period, the Company measures the
liability for termination benefits at the communication date and
recognizes the expense and liability ratably over the future
service period. For contract termination costs, Lexmark records
a liability for costs to terminate a contract before the end of
its term when the Company terminates the agreement in accordance
with the contract terms or when the Company ceases using the
rights conveyed by the contract. The Company records a liability
for other costs associated with an exit or disposal activity in
the period in which the liability is incurred. Once Company
management approves an exit or disposal activity, the Company
closely monitors the expenses that are reported in association
with the activity.   Income
Taxes   The provision for income taxes is computed based on pre-tax
income included in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. The
Company estimates its tax liability based on current tax laws in
the statutory jurisdictions in which it operates. These
estimates include judgments about the recognition and
realization of deferred tax assets and liabilities resulting
from the expected future tax consequences of events that have
been included in the financial statements. Under this method,
deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the
difference between the financial statement carrying amounts and
tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in
effect for the year in which the differences are expected to
reverse.   The Company determines its effective tax rate by dividing its
income tax expense by its income before taxes as reported in its
Consolidated Statements of Earnings. For reporting periods prior
to the end of the Companys fiscal year, the Company
records income tax expense based upon an estimated annual
effective tax rate. This rate is computed using the statutory
tax rate and an estimate of annual net income by geographic
region adjusted for an estimate of non-deductible expenses and
available tax credits.   In July 2006, the Financial Accounting Standards Board
FASB issued Interpretation No48,
Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes an
interpretation of FASB Statement No109
FIN48. FIN48 clarifies the
accounting for income taxes by prescribing the minimum
recognition threshold as more-likely-than-not that a
tax position must meet before being recognized in the financial
statements. FIN48 also provides   
66   guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and
penalties, accounting for income taxes in interim periods,
financial statement disclosure and transition rules.   The evaluation of a tax position in accordance with FIN48
is a two-step process. The first step is recognition: The
enterprise determines whether it is more likely than not that a
tax position will be sustained upon examination, including
resolution of any litigation. The second step is measurement: A
tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition
threshold is measured to determine the amount of benefit to
recognize in the financial statements. The tax position is
measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than
50percent likely of being realized upon ultimate
resolution.   Derivatives   All derivatives, including foreign currency exchange contracts,
are recognized in the Statements of Financial Position at fair
value. Derivatives that are not hedges must be recorded at fair
value through earnings. If a derivative is a hedge, depending on
the nature of the hedge, changes in the fair value of the
derivative are either offset against the change in fair value of
underlying assets or liabilities through earnings or recognized
in Accumulated other comprehensive earnings loss until
the underlying hedged item is recognized in earnings. Any
ineffective portion of a derivatives change in fair value
is immediately recognized in earnings. Derivatives qualifying as
hedges are included in the same section of the Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows as the underlying assets and
liabilities being hedged.   Net Earnings Per
Share   Basic net earnings per share is calculated by dividing net
income by the weighted average number of shares outstanding
during the reported period. The calculation of diluted net
earnings per share is similar to basic, except that the weighted
average number of shares outstanding includes the additional
dilution from potential common stock such as stock options and
stock under long-term incentive plans.   Accumulated Other
Comprehensive Loss Earnings   Accumulated other comprehensive loss earnings refers to
revenues, expenses, gains and losses that under accounting
principles generally accepted in the U.S.are included in
comprehensive earnings loss but are excluded from net income
as these amounts are recorded directly as an adjustment to
stockholders equity, net of tax. Lexmarks
Accumulated other comprehensive loss earnings is
composed of deferred gains and losses related to pension or
other postretirement benefits, foreign currency exchange rate
adjustments, deferred gains and losses on cash flow hedges and
net unrealized gains and losses on marketable securities.   Segment
Data   Lexmark manufactures and sells a variety of printing and
multifunction products and related supplies and services and is
primarily managed along divisional lines: the Printing Solutions
and Services Division PSSD, formerly known as the
Business market segment, and the Imaging Solutions Division
ISD, formerly known as the Consumer market segment.   Recent Accounting
Pronouncements   In September 2006, the FASB issued SFASNo157,
Fair Value Measurements. FAS157 defines fair value,
establishes a framework for measuring fair value in GAAP and
expands disclosures about fair value measurements. The adoption
of FAS157 in the first quarter of 2008 did not have a
material impact on the Companys financial position,
results of operations or cash flows. Refer to Note3 of the
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the
Companys FAS157 fair value disclosures. In February
2008, the FASB issued FASB Staff Position
No.FAS157-2
FSP
FAS157-2
which defers the effective date of FAS157 to fiscal years
beginning after November15, 2008 for nonfinancial assets
and nonfinancial liabilities that are recognized or disclosed at
fair value in the financial statements on a nonrecurring basis.
As permitted by FSP
FAS157-2,
the Company has only partially applied the provisions of
FAS157. The   
67   Company is in the process of evaluating the inputs and
techniques used in its nonrecurring, nonfinancial fair value
measurements.   In October 2008, the FASB issued FASB Staff Position
FSP
No.FAS157-3
FSP
FAS157-3
Determining the Fair Value of a Financial Asset When the
Market for That Asset Is Not Active in response to the
financial communitys concerns about how to conduct fair
value accounting in a time of significant market distress. The
new FSP confirms that the objective of FAS157 is still the
price that would be received by the holder of the asset in an
orderly transaction that is not a forced liquidation or
distressed sale, even in situations in which there is little, if
any, market activity. The FSP also states acceptance of the use
of managements internal assumptions about future cash
flows and appropriately risk-adjusted discount rates when
observable inputs are not available, and that in some cases,
observable inputs may need significant adjustment based on
unobservable data to better reflect the risk adjustments that
market participants would make for nonperformance and liquidity
risks. Lastly,
FSP157-3
offers additional guidance on the appropriate use of broker
quotes, indicating that they are not necessarily determinative
of fair value if an active market does not exist for the
financial asset, and that the nature of the quote, either a
binding offer or an indicative price, should be considered when
weighing the appropriate inputs to use in measuring fair value.
The FSP became immediately effective upon issuance, including
prior periods for which financial statements have not been
issued. Revisions resulting from a change in the valuation
technique or its application shall be accounted for as a change
in accounting estimate. The Company has considered the
additional guidance with respect to the valuation of its
marketable securities portfolio and the designation of its
investments within the fair value hierarchy in the
Companys 2008 financial statements and footnotes.   In February 2007, the FASB issued SFASNo159, The
Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Liabilities
FAS159. FAS159 provides entities
with the option to report selected financial assets and
liabilities at fair value. Business entities adopting
FAS159 will report unrealized gains and losses in earnings
at each subsequent reporting date on items for which the fair
value option has been elected. The Company has not elected the
fair value option for any of its assets or liabilities.   In March 2008, the FASB issued SFASNo161,
Disclosures about Derivative Instruments and Hedging
Activities an amendment of FASB Statement
No133 FAS161. FAS161
changes the disclosure requirements for derivative instruments
and hedging activities. Entities are required to provide
enhanced disclosures about ahow and why an entity uses
derivative instruments, bhow derivative instruments and
related hedged items are accounted for under Statement 133 and
its related interpretations, and chow derivative
instruments and related hedged items affect an entitys
financial position, financial performance, and cash flows.
FAS161 is effective for financial statements issued for
fiscal years and interim periods beginning after
November15, 2008, with early application encouraged.
FAS161 encourages, but does not require, comparative
disclosures for earlier periods at initial adoption. The Company
is currently evaluating the provisions of FAS161.   In May 2008, the FASB issued SFASNo162, The
Hierarchy of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
FAS162. FAS162 identifies the
sources of accounting principles and the framework for selecting
principles to be used in the preparation of financial statements
that are presented in conformity with United States GAAP. The
GAAP hierarchy was previously set forth in the American
Institute of Certified Public Accountants AICPA
Statement on Auditing Standards No69, The Meaning of
Present Fairly in Conformity With Generally Accepted Accounting
Principles. Though the FASB does not expect a change in
current practice, the Board issued this statement in order for
the U.S.GAAP hierarchy to reside in the accounting
literature established by the FASB. FAS162 is effective
60days following the SECs approval of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board amendments to AU
Section411, The Meaning of Present Fairly in Conformity
With Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Any effect of
applying the provisions of FAS162 shall be reported as a
change in accounting principle in accordance with
SFASNo154, Accounting Changes and Error
Corrections. The Company does not expect FAS162 to
have a material impact on its financial statements.   
68   In June 2008, the FASB issued FSP
No.EITF03-6-1,
Determining Whether Instruments Granted in Share-Based
Payment Transactions Are Participating Securities FSP
EITF03-6-1.
The FASB concluded in this FSP that unvested share-based payment
awards that contain nonforfeitable rights to dividends or
dividend equivalents are participating securities and shall be
included in the calculation of earnings per share pursuant to
the two-class method. This FSP is effective for financial
statements issued for fiscal years beginning after
December15, 2008, requiring all prior-period earnings per
share data presented to be adjusted retrospectively. The Company
does not expect FSP
EITF03-6-1
to have a material impact on its calculation of earnings per
share.   In December 2008, the FASB issued FSP
No.FAS132R-1, Employers Disclosures about
Postretirement Benefit Plan Assets. The FSP amends the
disclosure requirements of FAS132R Employers
Disclosures about Pensions and Other Postretirement Benefit
to provide additional transparencies regarding the assets
held by retirement plans and their associated risks. The FSP
also requires employers to disclose information about the fair
value measurements of plan assets in a similar manner to the
disclosures currently required by FASB No157, Fair
Value Measurements. The additional disclosures are effective
for financial statements issued for fiscal years ending after
December15, 2009. The Company is currently evaluating the
impact of the disclosure requirements of this FSP.   Reclassifications   Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified, if
applicable, to conform to the current presentation.   
3.
FAIR
VALUE   General   The Company adopted the provisions of Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards SFAS No157, Fair
Value Measurements FAS157 effective
January1, 2008. FAS157 defines fair value,
establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally
accepted accounting principles GAAP and expands
disclosures about fair value measurements. The standard defines
fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset
or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date. As part of
the framework for measuring fair value, FAS157 establishes
a hierarchy of inputs to valuation techniques used in measuring
fair value that maximizes the use of observable inputs and
minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the
most observable inputs be used when available.   The Company has not applied the provisions of FAS157 to
any nonrecurring, nonfinancial fair value measurements as
permitted under Financial Accounting Standards Board
FASB Staff Position
No157-2
FSP
FAS157-2.
Refer to PartII, Item8, Note2 of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information
regarding FSP
FAS157-2.
The Company is in the process of evaluating the inputs and
techniques used in these measurements, including such items as
impairment assessments of fixed assets, initial recognition of
asset retirement obligations, and goodwill impairment testing.   The provisions of FASB Staff Position
No157-3
FSP
FAS157-3
Determining the Fair Value of a Financial Asset When the
Market for That Asset Is Not Active, issued October10,
2008, were also considered in preparation of the year end 2008
financial statements. Refer to PartII, Item8,
Note2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for additional information regarding FSP
FAS157-3.   Fair Value
Hierarchy   The three levels of the fair value hierarchy under FAS157
are   
Level1 Quoted prices unadjusted in active
markets for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities that
the Company has the ability to access at the measurement date   
69   
Level2 Inputs other than quoted prices
included in Level1 that are observable for the asset or
liability, either directly or indirectly;and   
Level3 Unobservable inputs used in valuations
in which there is little market activity for the asset or
liability at the measurement date.   Fair value measurements of assets and liabilities are assigned a
level within the fair value hierarchy based on the lowest level
of any input that is significant to the fair value measurement
in its entirety.   Assets and
Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring
Basis   	
Based on   Quoted
Prices in
Other
Fair Value at
Active
Observable
Unobservable
December31,
Markets
Inputs
Inputs
2008   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis   Available-for-sale marketable securities ST     6941     4280     2647     14   Available-for-sale marketable securities LT   247        247   Total     7188     4280     2647     261   Liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis   Foreign currency
derivatives1   15        15        Total     15             15          
1
Foreign currency derivative
liabilities are included in Accrued liabilities on the
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.
Excluded from the table above were financial instruments
included in Cash and cash equivalents on the Consolidated
Statements of Financial Position. The Companys policy is
to consider all highly liquid investments with an original
maturity of three months or less at the Companys date of
purchase to be a cash equivalent. Investments considered cash
equivalents, which closely approximate fair value as described
in the Companys policy above, included roughly
$1299million of money market funds and $360million
of US agency discount notes at December31, 2008.   The following table presents additional information about
Level3 assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis
for the year ended December31, 2008   	
Twelve Months
Ended
December31, 2008   Available-for-sale marketable securities   Balance, beginning of period     319   Realized and unrealized gains/losses included in earnings   73     Unrealized gains/losses included in comprehensive income   10     Purchases, issuances, and settlements, net   01   Transfers in and/or out of Level3   24   Balance, end of period     261   Realized and unrealized losses of $73million during 2008
were included in Other income expense, net on the
Consolidated Statements of Earnings. Of this amount, losses of
$73million were attributable to the change in fair value
of marketable securities held at December31, 2008, deemed
to be other than temporarily impaired, including
$44million related to the Lehman Brothers bankruptcy,
$19million related to auction rate securities, and $10
related to distressed corporate debt, mortgage-backed and
asset-backed securities.   
70   Transfers in to Level3 during the year included Lehman
Brothers corporate debt securities which were subsequently
written down in the third quarter of 2008 based on indicative
pricing as indicated in the preceding paragraph as well as
various other securities for which current, observable market
data was no longer available due to specific credit events or a
general decrease in trading activity. These transfers in were
offset partially by transfers out of Level3, into
Level2, due to notification of certain auction rate
securities being called at par in the second quarter of 2008.
Settlement of these securities occurred in third quarter of
2008. The Company assesses the facts and circumstances at each
quarterly reporting date regarding securities that have been
measured using significant unobservable inputs and categorized
as Level3.   Interest rate swap contracts, which served as a fair value hedge
of the Companys senior notes that matured in May 2008,
were also considered a Level3 fair value measurement.
Because the short-cut method of FAS133 was used to record
the fair value of the interest rate swaps, the Company believes
it is clearer to describe the activity in narrative form rather
than to include the change in fair value in the
Level3year to date rollforward above. The fair
values of the interest rate swaps at December31, 2007 and
March31, 2008 were assets of $01million and
$03million, respectively. Final settlement occurred in
May 2008, resulting in net cash proceeds of $08million.
As of December31, 2008, the Company has not entered into
any new interest rate swap contracts.   Valuation
Techniques   The Company generally uses a market approach, when practicable,
in valuing the following financial instruments. In certain
instances, when observable market data is lacking, the Company
uses valuation techniques consistent with the income approach
whereby future cash flows are converted to a single discounted
amount.   Marketable
Securities   The Company evaluates its marketable securities in accordance
with SFASNo115, Accounting for Certain
Investments in Debt and Equity Securities, and has
determined that all of its investments in marketable securities
should be classified as available-for-sale and reported at fair
value. The fair values of the Companys available-for-sale
marketable securities are based on quoted market prices or other
observable market data, or in some cases, internally developed
inputs and assumptions such as discounted cash flow models or
indicative pricing sources, when observable market data does not
exist. The Company uses a third party to provide the fair values
of the securities in which Lexmark is invested. However, in
limited instances, the Company has adjusted the fair values
provided by the third party service provider in order to better
reflect the risk adjustments that market participants would make
for nonperformance and liquidity risks.   Level1 fair value measurements are based on quoted market
prices in active markets and include U.S.government and
agency securities. These valuations are performed using a
consensus price method, whereby prices from a variety of
industry data providers are input into a distribution-curve
based algorithm to determine daily market values.   Level2 fair value measurements are based on quoted prices
in markets that are not active, broker dealer quotations, or
other methods by which all significant inputs are observable,
either directly or indirectly. Securities utilizing Level2
inputs are primarily corporate bonds, asset-backed securities
and mortgage-backed securities, all of which are valued using
the consensus price method described previously. Level2
fair value measurements also include smaller amounts of
commercial paper and certificates of deposit which generally
have shorter maturities and less frequent market trades. Such
securities are valued via mathematical calculations using
observable inputs until such time that market activity reflects
an updated price.   Level3 fair value measurements are based on inputs that
are unobservable and significant to the overall valuation.
Level3 fair value measurements include security types that
do not have readily determinable market values
and/or are
not priced by independent data sources, including auction rate
securities for   
71   which recent auctions were unsuccessful, valued at
$247million, certain distressed debt instruments valued
at $08million and other thinly traded corporate debt
securities and mortgage-backed securities valued at
$06million.   The Company performed a discounted cash flow analysis on its
auction rate securities at year-end 2008, using current coupon
rates, a first quarter 2010 redemption date and a 50basis
point liquidity premium factored into the discount rate. The
result was a downward YTD mark to market adjustment of
$25million representing the Companys best estimate
of fair value using assumptions that the Company believes market
participants would make for nonperformance and liquidity risk at
the measurement date. Of the $25million,
$19million was recognized in the Consolidated Statements
of Earnings as other than temporarily impaired due to credit
events involving the issuer and insurer of one security. The
remaining $06million was recognized in Accumulated
other comprehensive loss on the Consolidated Statements of
Financial Position representing the mark to market adjustment on
all other auction rate securities. All other auction rate
securities held by the Company are highly rated and the Company
believes it has sufficient liquidity to hold these securities
until sold or repurchased at par. The issuers of these
securities have the legal option to redeem the securities at par
plus accrued interest at each auction rate reset date and the
securities are being made available for sale at par at auctions
every 35 to 49days. All of the auction rate securities
held by the Company at December31, 2008 are currently
paying penalty rates that provide a premium over market interest
rates to compensate investors for the failed auctions and
provide an incentive for issuers to refinance these securities
in the capital markets prior to maturity. Since reclassifying to
noncurrent assets the securities that did not auction
successfully at the end of the first quarter 2008,
$405million of auction rate fixed income securities have
been either sold or redeemed at par. There were no realized
losses in 2008 from the sale or redemption of auction rate
securities.   The Company holds certain debt instruments that it considers
distressed due to reasons such as bankruptcy or a significant
downgrade in credit rating. These securities are generally
valued using non-binding quotes from brokers or other indicative
pricing sources.   For certain corporate debt and mortgage-backed securities held
by the Company, current pricing data was no longer available at
the measurement date, representing a decline in the volume and
level of trading activity. These securities are also generally
valued using non-binding quotes from brokers or other indicative
pricing sources.   Derivatives   The Company employs a foreign currency risk management strategy
that periodically utilizes derivative instruments to protect its
interests from unanticipated fluctuations in earnings and cash
flows caused by volatility in currency exchange rates. Fair
values for the Companys derivative financial instruments
are based on pricing models or formulas using current market
data. Variables used in the calculations include forward points
and spot rates at the time of valuation. Because of the very
short duration of the Companys transactional hedges three
months or less and minimal risk of nonperformance, the
settlement price and exit price should approximate one another.
At December31, 2008, all of the Companys forward
exchange contracts have been designated as Level2
measurements in the FAS157 fair value hierarchy.   Senior
Notes   In the second quarter of 2008, the Company repaid its
$150million of senior note debt that matured on
May15, 2008, and subsequently issued $350million of
five-year fixed rate senior unsecured notes as well as
$300million of ten-year fixed rate senior unsecured notes.
At December31, 2008, the fair values of the Companys
five-year and ten-year notes were estimated to be
$2800million and $2250million, respectively, based
on current rates available to the Company for debt with similar
characteristics. The $5050million total fair value of the
debt is not recorded on the Companys Consolidated
Statements of Financial Position and is therefore excluded from
the fair value table above. The total carrying value of the
senior notes, net of $13million discount, is
$6487million on the Consolidated Statements of Financial   
72   Position. Refer to PartII, Item8, Note11 of
the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information regarding the senior notes.   Plan
Assets   Plan assets must be measured at least annually in accordance
with FAS87, Employers Accounting for Pensions
and FAS106, Employers Accounting for
Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions. FAS157
requires that the valuation of plan assets comply with its
definition of fair value, which is based on the notion of an
exit price as determined using the framework for measurement
introduced by the standard. FAS157 does not apply to the
calculation of pension and postretirement obligations since the
liabilities are not measured at fair value. The disclosure
requirements of FAS157 for plan assets do not apply to the
Companys financial statements.   The valuation of pension plan fixed income securities was based
on a compilation of observable market information, when
practicable. The Company took steps to ensure that the inputs
used in the measurement reflected current market conditions
rather than stale prices. Fund investments were valued using net
asset value when and if there was a sufficient level of
observable market activity to support the assertion that net
asset value represented an exit price.   Refer to PartII, Item8, Note15 of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for year-end disclosures
regarding pension and postretirement benefits.   Assets and
Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis
Subsequent to Initial Recognition   There are no significant assets or liabilities measured at fair
value on a nonrecurring basis.   Nonrecurring
Nonfinancial Measurements   The Company has not applied the provisions of FAS157 to
any nonrecurring, nonfinancial fair value measurements as
permitted under FSP
FAS157-2.
In the first quarter of 2009, the Company will begin applying
the provisions of FAS157 to such measurements including
the accounting for fixed asset related matters under scope of
FASNo144, Accounting for the Impairment or
Disposal of Long-Lived Assets, goodwill impairment testing
under FASNo142, Goodwill and Other Intangible
Assets and asset retirement obligations under
FASNo143, Accounting for Asset Retirement
Obligations.   
4.
RESTRUCTURING AND
RELATED CHARGES REVERSALS   2009
Restructuring   General   In response to the global economic weakening, on
January13, 2009, the Company announced a restructuring
plan the 2009 Restructuring Plan. The 2009
Restructuring Plan is expected to impact about 375 positions
through the end of 2009. The areas impacted include general and
administrative functions, supply chain and sales support,
research and development program consolidation, as well as
marketing and sales management. The Company estimates the 2009
Restructuring Plan will result in total pre-tax charges of
approximately $260million, all of which will require
cash. The Company expects the 2009 Restructuring Plan to be
substantially completed by the end of 2009.   Impact to 2008
Financial Results   For the year ended December31, 2008, the Company incurred
charges of $202million for the 2009 Restructuring Plan as
follows   	
Employee termination benefit charges     202   Total restructuring-related charges     202   
73   Employee termination benefit charges were accrued in accordance
with SFASNo112, Employers Accounting for
Postemployment Benefits. Employee termination benefit
charges include severance, medical and other benefits and are
included in Restructuring and related charges on the
Consolidated Statements of Earnings. Although the 2009
Restructuring Plan was announced in January 2009, the Company
accrued the $202million of employee termination benefit
charges in December 2008 in accordance with
SFASNo112 because the charges were probable and
estimable for the 2008year-end reporting period.   For the year ended December31, 2008, the Company incurred
restructuring-related charges of $155million in PSSD,
$17million in ISD and $30million in All other. The
Company expects to incur charges related to the 2009
Restructuring Plan of approximately $200million in PSSD,
approximately $30million in ISD and approximately
$30million in All other.   Liability
Rollforward   The following table represents a rollforward of the liability
incurred for employee termination benefits in connection with
the 2009 Restructuring Plan. The liability is included in
Accrued liabilities on the Companys Consolidated
Statements of Financial Position.   	
Employee
Termination
Benefits   Balance at January1, 2008        Costs incurred   207   Payments
other1   05     Balance at December31, 2008     202   
1
Other consists of changes in the
liability balance due to foreign currency translations.
2008
Restructuring   General   To enhance the efficiency of the Companys inkjet cartridge
manufacturing operations, the Company announced a plan the
2008 Restructuring Plan on July22, 2008 that
resulted in the closure of one of the Companys inkjet
supplies manufacturing facilities in Mexico. The 2008
Restructuring Plan is expected to be substantially completed by
the end of the first quarter of 2009, and any remaining charges
to be incurred will be immaterial.   Impact to 2008
Financial Results   For the year ended December31, 2008, the Company incurred
charges of $21million in ISD for the 2008 Restructuring
Plan as follows   	
Accelerated depreciation charges     180   Employee termination benefit charges   30   Total restructuring-related charges     210   The accelerated depreciation charges were determined in
accordance with SFASNo144, Accounting for the
Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets, and are
included in Cost of revenue on the Consolidated
Statements of Earnings.   Employee termination benefit charges were accrued in accordance
with SFASNo112, Employers Accounting for
Postemployment Benefits and SFASNo146,
Accounting for Costs Associated with Exit or Disposal
Activities, as appropriate. Employee termination benefit
charges include severance, medical and other benefits and are
included in Restructuring and related charges on the
Consolidated Statements of Earnings.   
74   Liability
Rollforward   The following table presents a rollforward of the liability
incurred for employee termination benefits in connection with
the 2008 Restructuring Plan. The liability is included in
Accrued liabilities on the Companys Consolidated
Statements of Financial Position.   	
Employee
Termination
Benefits   Balance at January1, 2008        Costs incurred   34   Payments
other1   22     Reversals2   04     Balance at December31, 2008     08   
1
Other consists of changes in the
liability balance due to foreign currency translations.
2
Reversals due to changes in
estimates for employee termination benefits.
2007
Restructuring   General   On October23, 2007, the Company announced the 2007
Restructuring Plan, which included   
Closing one of the Companys inkjet supplies manufacturing
facilities in Mexico and additional optimization measures at the
remaining inkjet facilities in Mexico and the Philippines   
Reducing the Companys business support cost and expense
structure by further consolidating activity globally and
expanding the use of shared service centers in lower-cost
regions the areas impacted are supply chain, service
delivery, general and administrative expense, as well as
marketing and sales support functions;and   
Focusing ISD marketing and sales efforts into countries or
geographic regions that have the highest supplies usage.   The 2007 Restructuring Plan is expected to be substantially
completed by the end of the first quarter of 2009, and any
remaining charges to be incurred will be immaterial.   Impact to 2008
Financial Results   For the year ended December31, 2008, the Company incurred
charges of $215million for the 2007 Restructuring Plan as
follows   	
Accelerated depreciation charges     173   Employee termination benefit charges   07     Contract termination and lease charges   49   Total restructuring-related charges     215   The accelerated depreciation charges were determined in
accordance with SFASNo144, Accounting for the
Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets. For the year
ended December31, 2008, the Company incurred
$92million of accelerated depreciation charges in Cost
of revenue and $81million in Selling, general and
administrative on the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.   Employee termination benefit charges were accrued in accordance
with SFASNo112, Employers Accounting for
Postemployment Benefits and SFASNo146,
Accounting for Costs Associated with Exit or Disposal
Activities, as appropriate. Contract termination and lease
charges were also accrued in accordance with
SFASNo146. Employee termination benefit charges and
contract termination and lease charges are included in
Restructuring and related charges on the Consolidated
Statements of Earnings.   
75   For the year ended December31, 2008, the Company incurred
restructuring-related charges of $46million in PSSD,
$03million in ISD and $166million in All other.   During the third quarter of 2008, the Company sold one of its
inkjet supplies manufacturing facilities in Juarez, Mexico for
$46million and recognized a $11million pre-tax
gain on the sale that is included in Selling, general and
administrative on the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.   Impact to 2007
Financial Results   For the year ended December31, 2007, the Company incurred
$308million for the 2007 Restructuring plan as follows   	
Accelerated depreciation charges     51   Employee termination benefit charges   257   Total restructuring-related charges     308   The $51million of accelerated depreciation charges are
included in Cost of revenue and the $257million of
employee termination benefits are included in Restructuring
and related charges on the Consolidated Statements of
Earnings. Of the $308million of restructuring-related
charges, the Company incurred $65million in PSSD,
$139million in ISD and $104million in All other.   Liability
Rollforward   The following table presents a rollforward of the liability
incurred for employee termination benefits and contract
termination and lease charges in connection with the 2007
Restructuring Plan. Of the total $162million
restructuring liability, $149million is included in
Accrued liabilities and $13million is included in
Other liabilities on the Companys Consolidated
Statements of Financial Position.   	
Employee
Termination
Contract
Benefit
Termination 
Charges   Lease Charges   Total   Balance at January1, 2007                  Costs incurred   257     257   Payments other
1   46        46     Balance at December31, 2007   211     211   Costs incurred   71   49   120   Payments other
2   83     07     90     Reversals
3   79        79     Balance at December31, 2008     120     42     162   
1
Other consists of pension related
items that were settled through the Companys pension plans.
2
Other consists of changes in the
liability balance due to foreign currency translations.
3
Reversals due to changes in
estimates for employee termination benefits.
2006
Restructuring   During the first quarter of 2006, the Company approved a plan to
restructure its workforce, consolidate some manufacturing
capacity and make certain changes to its U.S.retirement
plans collectively referred to as the 2006
actions. Except for approximately 100 positions that were
eliminated in 2007, activities related to the 2006 actions were
substantially completed at the end of 2006.   Impact to 2008
Financial Results   For the year ended December31, 2008, the Company reversed
$15million of previously accrued employee termination
benefits, and accrued an additional $09million of
contract termination and lease charges due to a revision in
assumptions due to current economic conditions. The net reversal
is included   
76   in Restructuring and related charges on the
Companys Consolidated Statements of Earnings. Of the net
$06million reversed in 2008, the Company recognized
$03million in PSSD and $03million in All other.   Impact to 2007
Financial Results   During the first quarter of 2007, the Company sold its Rosyth,
Scotland facility for $81million and recognized a
$35million pre-tax gain on the sale that is included in
Selling, general and administrative on the Consolidated
Statements of Earnings.   During the second quarter of 2007, the Company substantially
liquidated the remaining operations of its Scotland entity and
recognized an $81million pre-tax gain from the
realization of the entitys accumulated foreign currency
translation adjustment generated on the investment in the entity
during its operating life. This gain is included in Other
income expense, net on the Companys Consolidated
Statements of Earnings.   Impact to 2006
Financial Results   For the year ended December31, 2006, the Company incurred
pre-tax charges of $1211million related to the 2006
actions which were partially offset by a $99million
pension curtailment gain. Of the $1112million of net
pre-tax charges incurred, $40million is included in
Cost of revenue and $712million in
Restructuring and related charges on the Companys
Consolidated Statements of Earnings. For the year ended
December31, 2006, the Company incurred total pre-tax
restructuring-related charges of $352million in PSSD,
$547million in ISD and $312million in All other.
All other operating income also included the $99million
pension curtailment gain.   Liability
Rollforward   The following table presents a rollforward of the liability
incurred for employee termination benefits and contract
termination and lease charges in connection with the 2006
actions. Of the total $21million restructuring liability,
$10million is included in Accrued liabilities and
$11million is included in Other liabilities on the
Companys Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.   	
Employee
Termination
Contract
Benefit
Termination 
Charges   Lease Charges   Total   Balance at January1, 2007     253     48     301   Payments other
1   140     17     157     Reversals
3   09     17     26     Balance at December31, 2007   104   14   118   Costs incurred     10   10   Payments other
2   78     07     85     Reversals
3   22        22     Balance at December31, 2008     04     17     21   
1
Other consists of additions due to
positions being eliminated in 2007 and changes in the liability
balance due to foreign currency translations.
2
Other consists of changes in the
liability balance due to foreign currency translations.
3
Reversals due to changes in
estimates for employee termination benefits and contract
termination and lease charges.
5.
STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION   Lexmark has various stock incentive plans to encourage employees
and nonemployee directors to remain with the Company and to more
closely align their interests with those of the Companys
stockholders. As of December31, 2008, awards under the
programs consisted of stock options, restricted stock units
RSUs and deferred stock units DSUs.
The Company currently issues the majority of shares related to
its stock incentive plans from the Companys authorized and
unissued shares of ClassA   
77   Common Stock. Approximately 479million shares of
ClassA Common Stock have been authorized for these stock
incentive plans.   For the years ended December31, 2008, 2007 and 2006, the
Company incurred pre-tax stock-based compensation expense under
SFAS123R of $328million, $413million and
$432million, respectively, in the Consolidated Statements
of Earnings.   The following table presents a breakout of the stock-based
compensation expense recognized for the years ended December 31   	
2008   2007   2006     Cost of revenue     28     34     60   Research and development   51   62   69   Selling, general and administrative   249   317   303   Stock-based compensation expense before income taxes   328   413   432   Income tax benefit   122     159     165     Stock-based compensation expense after income taxes     206     254     267   Under the Companys stock incentive plans, awards granted
to certain employees who meet age
and/or
service requirements prescribed in the plan will continue to
vest after the employees retirement with no additional
service requirements. Prior to the adoption of SFAS123R,
the Company recognized cost, on a pro forma basis, over the
stipulated vesting period of these awards. Per SEC guidance, the
Company is continuing to account for these awards in this manner
subsequent to the adoption of SFAS123R. For any awards
granted after the adoption of SFAS123R to employees who
meet the age
and/or
service requirements, the Company is recognizing the cost of
these awards over the period that the employee is required to
provide service until the employee may retire and continue to
vest in these awards. The change in method of accounting for
these awards is not material for any periods presented.   On December31, 2005, Lexmark accelerated the vesting of
certain unvested out-of-the-money stock options with
exercise prices equal to or greater than $8000 per share. These
options, which were previously awarded to its employees under
the Companys equity compensation plans, would have
otherwise vested in the years 2006 through 2008. The vesting was
effective for approximately 24million unvested options,
or 39% of the Companys total outstanding unvested options
as of December31, 2005. Acceleration of options held by
non-employee directors and executive officers were not included
in the vesting acceleration. The acceleration of these options
eliminated future compensation expense the Company would
otherwise have recognized in its income statement with respect
to these accelerated options upon the adoption of
SFAS123R. As a result of the acceleration, the Company
recognized an additional $25million pre-tax of
stock-based employee compensation expense in the 2005 pro forma
disclosure information provided in the prior years
10-K filing.   Stock Options   Generally, options expire ten years from the date of grant.
Options granted during 2008, 2007 and 2006, vest in
approximately equal annual installments over a three-year period
based upon continued employment or service on the board of
directors.   For the year ended December31, 2008, 2007 and 2006, the
weighted average fair value of options granted were $1123,
$1852 and $1362, respectively. The fair value of each option
award on the grant date was estimated using the Black-Scholes
option-pricing model with the following assumptions   	
2008   2007   2006     Expected dividend yield          Expected stock price volatility   33     30     32     Weighted average risk-free interest rate   30     47     47     Weighted average expected life of options years   49   40   31   
78   A summary of the status of the Companys stock-based
compensation plans as of December31, 2008, 2007 and 2006,
and changes during the years then ended is presented below   	
Weighted
Weighted
Average
Average
Aggregate
Exercise
Remaining
Intrinsic
Options
Price
Contractual
Value
In Millions   Per Share   Life Years   In Millions   Outstanding at December31, 2005   128     6630   61     236   Granted   09   5009   Exercised   14     3863   Forfeited or canceled   09     7743   Outstanding at December31, 2006   114     6765   56     1382   Granted   06   6039   Exercised   03     3402   Forfeited or canceled   05     7839   Outstanding at December31, 2007   112     6782   49     22   Granted   06   3289   Exercised   02     2325   Forfeited or canceled   11     7042   Outstanding at December31, 2008   105     6616   43        Exercisable at December31, 2006   88     6912   53     999   Exercisable at December31, 2007   95     6852   45     22   Exercisable at December31, 2008   92     6814   38        For the years ended December31, 2008, 2007 and 2006, the
total intrinsic value of options exercised was
$18million, $77million and $342million,
respectively. As of December31, 2008, the Company had
$53million of total unrecognized compensation expense,
net of estimated forfeitures, related to unvested stock options
that will be recognized over the weighted average period of
16years.   Restricted Stock
and Deferred Stock Units   Lexmark has granted RSUs with various vesting periods and
generally these awards vest based upon continued service with
the Company or continued service on the board. As of
December31, 2008, the Company has issued DSUs to certain
members of management who elected to defer all or a portion of
their annual bonus into such units and to certain nonemployee
directors who elected to defer all or a portion of their annual
retainer, chair retainer
and/or
meeting fees into such units. These DSUs are 100% vested when
issued. The Company has also issued supplemental DSUs to certain
members of management upon the election to defer all or a
portion of an annual bonus into DSUs. These supplemental DSUs
vest at the end of five years based upon continued employment
with the Company. The cost of the RSUs and supplemental DSUs,
generally determined to be the fair market value of the shares
at the date of grant, is charged to compensation expense ratably
over the vesting period of the award.   
79   A summary of the status of the Companys RSU and DSU grants
as of December31, 2008, 2007 and 2006, and changes during
the years then ended is presented below   	
Weighted
Weighted
Average
Average
Grant Date 
Remaining
Aggregate
Units
Fair Value
Contractual
Intrinsic Value
In Millions   Per Share   Life Years   In Millions     RSUs and DSUs at December31, 2005   04     5455   42     184   Granted   06   4875   Vested   01     3552   Forfeited or canceled   01     5489   RSUs and DSUs at December31, 2006   08     5284   35     619   Granted   05   5608   Vested   01     5862   Forfeited or canceled     5443   RSUs and DSUs at December31, 2007   12     5379   26     426   Granted   06   3321   Vested   02     5197   Forfeited or canceled   01     5248   RSUs and DSUs at December31, 2008   15     4584   23     397   For the years ended December31, 2008, 2007 and 2006, the
total fair value of RSUs and DSUs that vested was
$84million, $32million and $49million,
respectively. As of December31, 2008, the Company had
$307million of total unrecognized compensation expense,
net of estimated forfeitures, related to RSUs and DSUs that will
be recognized over the weighted average period of 30years.   Employee Stock
Purchase Plan   The Company discontinued the Employee Stock Purchase Plan
ESPP as of December31, 2007. Employees
enrolled in the ESPP during the offering period that ended
December31, 2007, qualified for the final ESPP purchase
executed in the first quarter of 2008 according to the plan
provisions described below.   The Companys ESPP enabled substantially all regular
employees to purchase full or fractional shares of Lexmark
ClassA Common Stock through payroll deductions of up to
10% of eligible compensation. Effective January1, 2006,
the ESPP was amended whereby the share price paid by an employee
was 85% of the closing market price on the last business day of
the respective offering period. Prior to January1, 2006,
the share price paid by an employee was 85% of the lesser of the
closing market price on ithe last business day
immediately preceding the first day of the respective offering
period and iithe last business day of the respective
offering period. The ESPP provided semi-annual offering periods
beginning each January 1 and July1.   During the years ended December31, 2008, 2007 and 2006,
employees paid the Company $21million, $56million
and $62million, respectively, to purchase approximately
01million shares during each of these years. During 2008,
2007 and 2006, the Company recognized approximately
$03million, $09million and $19million of
compensation expense related to ESPP activity as required under
SFAS123R. Compensation expense was calculated using the
fair value of the employees purchase rights under the
Black-Scholes model.   
6.
MARKETABLE SECURITIES   The Company evaluates its marketable securities in accordance
with SFASNo115, Accounting for Certain
Investments in Debt and Equity Securities, and has
determined that all of its investments in marketable securities
should be classified as available-for-sale and reported at fair
value, with unrealized gains and losses recorded in
Accumulated other comprehensive earnings loss. At
December31, 2008   
80   the Companys marketable securities portfolio consisted of
asset-backed and mortgage-backed securities, corporate debt
securities, preferred securities, municipal debt securities,
U.S.government and agency debt securities, commercial
paper, certificates of deposit and auction rate securities. The
fair values of the Companys available-for-sale marketable
securities are based on quoted market prices or other observable
market data, internal discount cash flow models, or in some
cases, the Companys amortized cost, which approximates
fair value due to the frequent resetting of interest rates
resulting in repricing of the investments.   As of December31, 2008, the Companys
available-for-sale Marketable securities had gross
unrealized gains and losses of $65million and
$82million, respectively, and consisted of the following   	
Gross
Gross
Amortized
Unrealized
Unrealized
Estimated
Cost   Gains   Losses   Fair Value     Municipal debt securities     214          05        209   Corporate debt securities   1627   09   19     1617   U.S. govt and agency debt securities   4589   50     4639   Asset-backed and mortgage-backed securities   1095   06   57     1044   Total debt securities   7525   65   81     7509   Preferred securities   40     01     39   Total security investments   7565   65   82     7548   Cash equivalents   360          360     Total marketable securities     7205     65     82        7188   At December31, 2007, the Companys available-for-sale
Marketable securities consisted of the following   	
Gross
Gross
Amortized
Unrealized
Unrealized
Estimated
Cost   Gains   Losses   Fair Value     Municipal debt securities     789               789   Corporate debt securities   1476   01   07     1470   U.S. govt and agency debt securities   656   03     659   Asset-backed and mortgage-backed securities   2468   11   08     2471   Total debt securities   5389   15   15     5389   Preferred securities   05        05   Total security investments   5394   15   15     5394   Cash equivalents   203          203     Total marketable securities     5191     15     15        5191   Although contractual maturities of the Companys investment
in debt securities may be greater than one year, the majority of
investments are classified as current assets in the Consolidated
Statements of Financial Position due to the Companys
expected holding period of less than one year. Auction rate
securities of $247million are classified in Noncurrent
assets. The contractual maturities of the Companys
available-for-sale marketable debt securities noted above are as
follows   	
2008   2007   Amortized
Estimated
Amortized
Estimated
Cost   Fair Value   Cost   Fair Value     Due in less than one year     4640     4660     1113     1112   Due in 1-5years   1874   1886   2109   2111   Due after 5years   1051   1002   2172   2171   Total available-for-sale marketable debt securities     7565     7548     5394     5394   
81   Proceeds from the sales and maturities of the Companys
available-for-sale marketable securities were
$5338million in 2008, $8553million in 2007 and
$1,7210million in 2006. For the year ended
December2008, the Company recognized $79million in
net losses on its marketable securities, of which
$73million was recognized as other-than-temporary
impairment and $06million was net realized losses. The
realized gains and losses in 2007 and 2006 were immaterial. The
Company uses the specific identification method when accounting
for the costs of its available-for-sale marketable securities
sold.   Impairment   The Company assesses its marketable securities for
other-than-temporary declines in value by considering several
factors that include, among other things, any events that may
affect the creditworthiness of a securitys issuer, current
and expected market conditions, the length of time and extent to
which fair value is less than cost, and the Companys
ability and intent to hold the security until a forecasted
recovery of fair value that may include holding the security to
maturity.   Market conditions continue to indicate significant uncertainty
on the part of investors on the economic outlook for the
U.S.and for financial institutions. This uncertainty has
created reduced liquidity across the fixed income investment
market, including the securities in which Lexmark is invested.
As a result, some of the Companys investments have
experienced reduced liquidity including unsuccessful auctions
for its auction rate security holdings as well as temporary and
other than temporary impairment of other marketable securities.   In 2008 there were several significant market events, including
the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers Holdings and the failure of
many auction rate securities. In 2008, Lexmark recognized, based
on indicative pricing, charges of $44million for
other-than-temporary impairment of its Lehman Brothers corporate
debt securities, and $10million for other-than-temporary
impairment related to distressed corporate debt, mortgage-backed
and asset-backed securities. Additionally in 2008, the Company
recognized a $19million charge for other-than-temporary
impairment in connection with its auction rate fixed income
securities; the fair value of which was determined using an
internal discount cash flow valuation model. All charges for
other-than-temporary impairment are recognized in Other
income expense, net on the Consolidated Statements of
Earnings. In addition, the Company has recognized a cumulative,
pre-tax valuation allowance of $17million included in
Accumulated other comprehensive loss on the Consolidated
Statements of Financial Position, representing a temporary
impairment of the overall portfolio.   
82   The table below is a summary of the Companys marketable
securities, at year end, for which the fair value is less than
cost impaired, and for which other-than-temporary impairments
have not been recognized. The table is separated into securities
that have been in a continuous unrealized loss position for less
than 12months, and those that have been in a continuous
unrealized loss position for 12months or longer. All
securities impaired for 12months or longer are evaluated
individually for other-than-temporary impairment. Additionally,
when the Company becomes aware of certain conditions that may
affect its securities, such as any events that may affect the
creditworthiness of a securitys issuer or current and
expected market conditions, securities impaired for less than
12months are evaluated to determine if an
other-than-temporary impairment has occurred. As of
December31, 2008 the Company does not believe that it has
a material risk in its current portfolio of investments that
would impact its financial condition or liquidity.   	
Impaired 12 Months   Impaired = 12 Months   Total   Fair
Unrealized
Fair
Unrealized
Fair
Unrealized
Value   Loss   Value   Loss   Value   Loss     Auction rate securities
1     227     06                  227     06     Corporate debt securities   424   08     260   11     684   19     Asset-backed and   mortgage-backed securities   540   36     101   21     641   57     Total     1191     50        361     32        1552     82     
1
For 2008, the Companys
auction rate securities are located in its municipal debt and
preferred securities categories.
Auction rate
securities   Auction rate securities that do not successfully auction reset
to the maximum rate as prescribed in the underlying offering
statement. During the first quarter of 2008, the Company
reclassified $594million in auction rate fixed income
securities from Current assets to Noncurrent assets
on its Consolidated Statement of Financial Position due to
the fact that the securities had experienced unsuccessful
auctions and that poor debt market conditions had reduced the
likelihood that the securities would successfully auction within
the next 12months. During the second quarter of 2008,
approximately $324million of auction rate fixed income
securities were either sold or redeemed at par. In addition,
$41million were reclassified back to Current
assets, as the Company had been notified by the issuer that
the securities would be called at par.   In the third quarter of 2008, approximately $81million of
auction rate fixed income securities were either sold or
redeemed at par, and in the fourth quarter, one auction rate
security was deemed to be other-than-temporarily impaired. As of
December31, 2008, the remaining auction rate securities
were written down $06million through Accumulated other
comprehensive loss to their estimated fair value based on
the discounted cash flow analysis performed by the Company. As
of December31, 2008, the remaining balance of auction rate
fixed income securities classified in Noncurrent assets
is $247million.   Based on Lexmarks assessment of the credit quality of the
underlying collateral and credit support available to each of
the remaining auction rate securities in which the Company is
invested, it believes no additional
has occurred. The Company has
the ability and intent to hold these securities until liquidity
in the market or optional issuer redemption occurs and could
also hold the securities to maturity. Additionally, if Lexmark
required capital, the Company has available liquidity through
its accounts receivable program and revolving credit facility.   
83   
7.
TRADE RECEIVABLES   The Companys trade receivables are reported in the
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position net of allowances
for doubtful accounts and product returns. Trade receivables
consisted of the following at December 31   	
2008   2007     Gross trade receivables     4634     6153   Allowances   361     365     Trade receivables, net     4273     5788   In the U.S., the Company transfers a majority of its receivables
to its wholly-owned subsidiary, Lexmark Receivables Corporation
LRC, which then may transfer the receivables on a
limited recourse basis to an unrelated third party. The
financial results of LRC are included in the Companys
consolidated financial results. LRC is a separate legal entity
with its own separate creditors who, in a liquidation of LRC,
would be entitled to be satisfied out of LRCs assets prior
to any value in LRC becoming available for equity claims of the
Company.   In October 2004, the Company entered into an amended and
restated agreement to sell a portion of its trade receivables on
a limited recourse basis. The amended agreement allowed for a
maximum capital availability of $200million under this
facility. The primary purpose of the amendment was to extend the
term of the facility to October16, 2007, with required
annual renewal of commitments.   During the first quarter of 2007, the Company amended the
facility to allow LRC to repurchase receivables previously
transferred to the unrelated third party. Prior to the 2007
amendment, the Company accounted for the transfer of receivables
from LRC to the unrelated third party as sales of receivables.
As a result of the 2007 amendment, the Company accounts for the
transfers of receivables from LRC to the unrelated third party
as a secured borrowing with a pledge of its receivables as
collateral. The amendment became effective in the second quarter
of 2007. In October 2008, the facility was renewed until
October3, 2009 and the maximum capital available under the
facility decreased to $100million.   This facility contains customary affirmative and negative
covenants as well as specific provisions related to the quality
of the accounts receivables transferred. As collections reduce
previously transferred receivables, the Company may replenish
these with new receivables. Lexmark bears a limited risk of bad
debt losses on the trade receivables transferred, since the
Company over-collateralizes the receivables transferred with
additional eligible receivables. Lexmark addresses this risk of
loss in its allowance for doubtful accounts. Receivables
transferred to the unrelated third-party may not include amounts
over 90days past due or concentrations over certain limits
with any one customer. The facility also contains customary cash
control triggering events which, if triggered, could adversely
affect the Companys liquidity
and/or its
ability to transfer trade receivables. A downgrade in the
Companys credit rating could reduce the Companys
ability to transfer trade receivables.   At the end of years 2008 and 2007, there were no secured
borrowings under the facility. Expenses incurred under this
program totaled $03million in 2008 and are included in
Interest income expense, net on the Consolidated
Statements of Earnings.   Expenses of $06million and $09million in 2007 and
2006, respectively, are included in Other income expense,
net on the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.   
84   
8.
INVENTORIES   Inventories consisted of the following at December 31   	
2008   2007     Work in process     1024     1272   Finished goods   3359   3372   Inventories     4383     4644   9.PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT   Property, plant and equipment consisted of the following
at December 31   	
Useful Lives
Years   2008   2007     Land and improvements   20     332     377   Buildings and improvements   10-35   5286   5127   Machinery and equipment   2-10   9658   1,0233   Information systems   3-4   1373   1367   Internal use software   3-5   2615   1929   Furniture and other   3-7   945   917   2,0209   1,9950   Accumulated depreciation   1,1577     1,1260     Property, plant and equipment, net     8632     8690   Depreciation expense was $2032million,
$1910million and $1995million in 2008, 2007 and
2006, respectively.   
10.
ACCRUED LIABILITIES AND OTHER LIABILITIES   Accrued liabilities, in the current liabilities section
of the balance sheet, consisted of the following at December 31   	
2008   2007     Copyright fees     1177     1175   Compensation   1146   1110   Deferred revenue   950   841   Marketing programs   704   671   Other   2972   3308   Accrued liabilities     6949     7105   In accordance with the disclosure requirements of FIN45,
changes in the Companys warranty liability for standard
warranties and deferred revenue for extended warranties, are
presented in the tables below   Warranty Liability   	
2008   2007     Balance at January 1     623     627   Accruals for warranties issued   1006   1194   Accruals related to pre-existing warranties including changes
in estimates   06   12     Settlements made in cash or in kind   1126     1186     Balance at December 31     509     623   
85   Deferred service revenue   	
2008   2007     Balance at January 1     1889     1497   Revenue deferred for new extended warranty contracts   926   1091   Revenue recognized   778     699     Balance at December 31     2037     1889   Current portion   829   697   Non-current portion   1208   1192   Balance at December 31     2037     1889   Both the short-term portion of warranty and the short-term
portion of extended warranty are included in Accrued
liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of Financial
Position. Both the long-term portion of warranty and the
long-term portion of extended warranty are included in Other
liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of Financial
Position. The split between the short-term and long-term portion
of the warranty liability is not disclosed separately above due
to immaterial amounts in the long-term portion.   Other liabilities, in the noncurrent liabilities section
of the balance sheet, consisted of the following at December 31   	
2008   2007     Pension/Postretirement     3194     1179   Deferred revenue   1253   1243   Other   1024   1033   Other liabilities     5471     3455   
11.
DEBT   Senior
Notes Long-term Debt and Current Portion of
Long-term Debt   In May 2008, the company repaid its $150million principal
amount of 675%senior notes that were due on May15,
2008. Additionally, in May 2008, the Company completed a public
debt offering of $650million aggregate principal amount of
fixed rate senior unsecured notes. The notes are split into two
tranches of five- and ten-year notes respectively. The five-year
notes with an aggregate principal amount of $350million
and 59% coupon were priced at 9983% to have an effective yield
to maturity of 5939% and will mature June1,2013
referred to as the 2013 senior notes. The ten-year
notes with an aggregate principal amount of $300million
and 665% coupon were priced at 9973% to have an effective
yield to maturity of 6687% and will mature June1, 2018
referred to as the 2018 senior notes. At
December31, 2008, the outstanding balance was
$6487million net of unamortized discount of
$13million.   The 2013 and 2018 senior notes collectively referred to as the
senior notes will pay interest on June 1 and
December 1 of each year, beginning December1, 2008. The
interest rate payable on the notes of each series will be
subject to adjustments from time to time if either Moodys
Investors Service, Inc. or Standard and Poors Ratings
Services downgrades the debt rating assigned to the notes to a
level below investment grade, or subsequently upgrades the
ratings.   The senior notes contain typical restrictions on liens, sale
leaseback transactions, mergers and sales of assets. There are
no sinking fund requirements on the senior notes and they may be
redeemed at any time at the option of the Company, at a
redemption price as described in the related indenture
agreement, as supplemented and amended, in whole or in part. If
a change of control triggering event as defined
below occurs, the Company will be required to make an offer to
repurchase the notes in cash from the holders at a price equal
to 101% of their aggregate principal amount plus accrued and
unpaid interest to, but not   
86   including, the date of repurchase. A change of control
triggering event is defined as the occurrence of both a
change of control and a downgrade in the debt rating assigned to
the notes to a level below investment grade.   The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering
for general corporate purposes, including to fund share
repurchases, repay debt, finance acquisitions, finance capital
expenditures and operating expenses and invest in any
subsidiaries.   Credit
Facility   Effective January20, 2005, Lexmark entered into a
$300million
5-year
senior, unsecured, multi-currency revolving credit facility with
a group of banks. Under the credit facility, the Company may
borrow in U.S.dollars, euros, British pounds sterling and
Japanese yen. As of December31, 2008 and 2007, there were
no amounts outstanding under the credit facility.   Lexmarks credit agreement contains usual and customary
default provisions, leverage and interest coverage restrictions
and certain restrictions on secured and subsidiary debt,
disposition of assets, liens and mergers and acquisitions. The
$300million credit facility has a maturity date of
January20, 2010.   Interest on all borrowings under the facility depends upon the
type of loan, namely alternative base rate loans, swingline
loans or eurocurrency loans. Alternative base rate loans bear
interest at the greater of the prime rate or the federal funds
rate plus one-half of one percent. Swingline loans limited to
$50million bear interest at an agreed upon rate at the
time of the borrowing. Eurocurrency loans bear interest at the
sum of ia LIBOR for the applicable currency and interest
period and iian interest rate spread based upon the
Companys debt ratings ranging from 018% to 080%. In
addition, Lexmark is required to pay a facility fee on the
$300million line of credit of 007% to 020% based upon
the Companys debt ratings. The interest and facility fees
are payable at least quarterly.   Short-term
Debt   Lexmarks Brazilian operation has a short-term, uncommitted
line of credit. The interest rate on this line of credit varies
based upon the local prevailing interest rates at the time of
borrowing. The interest rate averaged approximately 268% and
150% during 2008 and 2007, respectively. As of
December31, 2008, there was $55million outstanding
under the credit facility. As of December31, 2007, there
was no amount outstanding under the credit facility.   Other   Total cash paid for interest on the debt facilities amounted to
$269million, $126million, and $127million
in 2008, 2007, and 2006, respectively.   The components of Interest income expense, net in the
Consolidated Statements of Earnings are as follows   	
2008   2007   2006     Interest income     350        342        342     Interest expense   289   130   121   Total     61        212        221     
87   
12.
INCOME
TAXES   Provision for
Income Taxes   The Provision for income taxes consisted of the following   	
2008   2007   2006     Current   Federal     152     354     960   Non-U.S.   268   348   372   State and local   56   65   96   476   767   1428   Deferred   Federal   248     79     315     Non-U.S.   141   200     123   State and local   12     01     27     119     280     219     Provision for income taxes     357     487     1209   Earnings before income taxes were as follows   	
2008   2007   2006     U.S.     697     1357     2194   Non-U.S.   2062   2138   2399   Earnings before income taxes     2759     3495     4593   The Company realized an income tax benefit from the exercise of
certain stock options in 2008, 2007 and 2006 of
$34million, $34million and $118million,
respectively. This benefit resulted in a decrease in current
income taxes payable and an increase in capital in excess of par.   A reconciliation of the provision for income taxes using the
U.S.statutory rate and the Companys effective tax
rate was as follows   	
2008   2007   2006   Amount     Amount     Amount        Provision for income taxes at statutory rate     966   350        1223   350        1608   350     State and local income taxes, net of federal tax benefit   48   17   68   20   75   16   Foreign tax differential   446     162     422     121     239     52     Research and development credit   54     19     56     16     68     15     Tax-exempt interest, net of related expenses   08     03     14     04     36     08     Valuation allowance   06     02     02   01   79   17   Reversals of previously accrued taxes   116     42     184     53     143     31     Adjustments to previously recorded taxes        112     32          Other   27     10     18     06     67     14     Provision for income taxes     357   129        487   139        1209   263     The effective income tax rate was 129% for the year ended
December31, 2008. The 10percentage point reduction
of the effective tax rate from 2007 to 2008 was due to a
reduction of 53percentage points, primarily related to
the geographic shift in earnings along with a variety of other
factors, partially offset by a smaller amount of reversals and
adjustments to previously accrued taxes in 2008 increase of   
88   43percentage points. During 2008, the Company reversed
$116million of previously accrued taxes principally due
to the settlement of the U.S.tax audit for years 2004 and
2005.   The effective income tax rate was 139% for the year ended
December31, 2007. The 124percentage point reduction
YTY of the effective tax rate was primarily due to a geographic
shift of earnings 69percentage points as well as
reversals and adjustments of previously accrued taxes
54percentage points. During 2007, the Company reversed
$184million of previously accrued taxes principally due
to the settlement of a tax audit outside the U.S.and
recorded $112million of adjustments to previously
recorded tax amounts. Specific to the fourth quarter of 2007,
the Company recorded adjustments of $64million to
previously recorded tax amounts. The impact of these adjustments
was insignificant to prior periods.   The effective income tax rate was 263% for the year ended
December31, 2006. During 2006, the IRS completed its
examination of the Companys income tax returns for the
years 2002 and 2003. Upon completion of that audit, the Company
reversed $25million of previously accrued taxes.
Additionally, the Company also reversed $118million of
previously accrued taxes based on the expiration of various
domestic and foreign statutes of limitation. The benefit of
those two reversals was included in the 2006 tax rate.   During 2006, the Company was subject to a tax holiday in
Switzerland with respect to the earnings of one of the
Companys wholly-owned Swiss subsidiaries. The holiday
expired at the end of 2006. The benefit derived from the tax
holiday was $16million in 2006.   Deferred income
tax assets and liabilities   Significant components of deferred income tax assets and
liabilities at December 31 were as follows   	
2008   2007     Deferred tax assets   Tax loss carryforwards     14     26   Credit carryforwards   52   43   Inventories   187   145   Restructuring   108   75   Pension   987   147   Warranty   92   112   Postretirement benefits   208   219   Equity compensation   314   285   Other compensation   102   211   Other   576   341   Deferred tax liabilities   Property, plant and equipment   205     327     Foreign exchange   24     26     2411   1251   Valuation allowances   07     09     Net deferred tax assets     2404     1242   The Company has
non-U.S.tax
loss carryforwards of $64million, of which
$40million is subject to a valuation allowance. The
remaining $24million is made up of losses in several
jurisdictions. The carryforward periods range from 6years
to indefinite. The Company believes that, for any tax loss
carryforward where a valuation allowance has not been provided,
the associated asset will be realized because there will be
sufficient income in the future to absorb the loss.   Deferred income taxes have not been provided on the majority of
the undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries because such
earnings are indefinitely reinvested. Undistributed earnings of
non-U.S.subsidiaries
included in the consolidated retained earnings were
approximately $1,1523million   
89   as of December31, 2008. It is not practicable to estimate
the amount of additional tax that may be payable on the foreign
earnings. The Company does not plan to initiate any action that
would precipitate the payment of income taxes.   FIN48
Disclosures   The Company adopted the provisions of FIN48 and related
guidance on January1, 2007. As a result of the
implementation of FIN48, the Company reduced its liability
for unrecognized tax benefits and related interest and penalties
by $73million, which resulted in a corresponding increase
in the Companys January1, 2007, retained earnings
balance. The Company also recorded an increase in its deferred
tax assets of $85million and a corresponding increase in
its liability for unrecognized tax benefits as a result of
adopting FIN48.   The amount of unrecognized tax benefits at December31,
2008, was $293million, all of which would affect the
Companys effective tax rate if recognized. The amount of
unrecognized tax benefits at December31, 2007, was
$535million, of which $435million would affect the
Companys effective tax rate if recognized.   The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties associated
with uncertain tax positions as part of its income tax
provision. As of December31, 2008, the Company had
$37million of accrued interest and penalties. For 2008,
the Company recognized in its statement of earnings a net
benefit of $10million related to interest and penalties.
As of December31, 2007, the Company had $74million
of accrued interest and penalties. For 2007, the Company
recognized in its statement of earnings a net benefit of
$42million for interest and penalties.   It is reasonably possible that the total amount of unrecognized
tax benefits will increase or decrease in the next
12months. Such changes could occur based on the expiration
of various statutes of limitations or the conclusion of ongoing
tax audits in various jurisdictions around the world. If those
events occur within the next 12months, the Company
estimates that its unrecognized tax benefits amount could
decrease by an amount in the range of $0 to $6million, the
impact of which would affect the Companys effective tax
rate.   Several tax years are subject to examination by major tax
jurisdictions. In the U.S., federal tax years 2006 and after are
subject to examination. The Internal Revenue Service
IRS is currently auditing tax years 2006 and 2007.
In France, tax years 2006 and after are subject to examination.
In Switzerland, tax years 2003 and after are subject to
examination. In most of the other countries where the Company
files income tax returns, 2003 is the earliest tax year that is
subject to examination. The Company believes that adequate
amounts have been provided for any adjustments that may result
from those examinations.   A reconciliation of the total beginning and ending amounts of
unrecognized tax benefits is as follows   	
2008   2007     Balance at January 1     535     598   Increases/decreases in unrecognized tax benefits as a result
of tax positions taken during a prior period   51     55     Increases/decreases in unrecognized tax benefits as a result
of tax positions taken during the current period   59   104   Increases/decreases in unrecognized tax benefits relating to
settlements with taxing authorities   242     112     Reductions to unrecognized tax benefits as a result of a lapse
of the applicable statute of limitations   08        Balance at December 31     293     535   Other   Cash paid for income taxes was $978million,
$761million and $1344million in 2008, 2007 and
2006, respectively.   
90   On November10, 2005, the FASB issued FSP
No.FAS123R-3,
Transition Election Related to Accounting for the Tax Effects
of Share-Based Payment Awards FSP123R-3.
The Company elected to adopt the alternative transition method
provided in FSP123R-3 for calculating the tax effects of
stock-based compensation pursuant to SFAS123R. The
alternative transition method includes simplified methods to
establish the beginning balance of the additional paid-in
capital pool APIC pool related to the tax effects
of employee stock-based compensation, and to determine the
subsequent impact on the APIC pool and Consolidated Statement of
Cash Flows of the tax effects of employee stock-based
compensation awards that are outstanding upon the adoption of
SFAS123R.   
13.
STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE EARNINGS
LOSS   The ClassA Common Stock is voting and exchangeable for
ClassB Common Stock in very limited circumstances. The
ClassB Common Stock is non-voting and is convertible,
subject to certain limitations, into ClassA Common Stock.   At December31, 2008, approximately 7902million and
18million shares of ClassA and ClassB Common
Stock were unissued and unreserved. These shares are available
for a variety of general corporate purposes, including future
public offerings to raise additional capital and for
facilitating acquisitions.   In May 2008, the Company received authorization from the board
of directors to repurchase an additional $750million of
its ClassA Common Stock for a total repurchase authority
of $465billion. As of December31, 2008, there was
approximately $05billion of share repurchase authority
remaining. This repurchase authority allows the Company, at
managements discretion, to selectively repurchase its
stock from time to time in the open market or in privately
negotiated transactions depending upon market price and other
factors. During 2008, the Company repurchased approximately
175million shares at a cost of approximately
$06billion, including two accelerated share repurchase
agreements discussed below. As of December31, 2008, since
the inception of the program in April 1996, the Company had
repurchased approximately 916million shares for an
aggregate cost of approximately $42billion. As of
December31, 2008, the Company had reissued approximately
05million shares of previously repurchased shares in
connection with certain of its employee benefit programs. As a
result of these issuances as well as the retirement of
440million, 160million and 160million
shares of treasury stock in 2005, 2006 and 2008, respectively,
the net treasury shares outstanding at December31, 2008,
were 151million.   In December 2005, October 2006 and October 2008, the Company
received authorization from the board of directors to retire
440million, 160million and 160million
shares, respectively, of the Companys ClassA Common
Stock currently held in the Companys treasury as treasury
stock. The retired shares resumed the status of authorized but
unissued shares of ClassA Common Stock. Refer to the
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity and
Comprehensive Earnings for the effects on Common stock,
Capital in excess of par, Retained earnings and
Treasury stock from the retirement of the
160million shares of ClassA Common Stock in 2006
and 160million shares of ClassA Common Stock in
2008.   In 1998, the Companys board of directors adopted a
stockholder rights plan the Rights Plan which
provides existing stockholders with the right to purchase one
one-thousandth 0001 of a share of SeriesA Junior
Participating preferred stock for each share of ClassA and
ClassB Common Stock held in the event of certain changes
in the Companys ownership. The rights expired on
January31, 2009.   Accelerated Share Repurchase Agreements   The Company executed two accelerated share repurchase agreements
ASR with financial institution counterparties in
2008, resulting in a total of 87million shares
repurchased at a cost of $2500million over the third and
fourth quarter. The impact of the two ASRs is included in the
share repurchase totals provided in the preceding paragraphs.
The settlement provisions of both ASRs were essentially forward
contracts, and were accounted for under the provisions of
Emerging Issues Task Force EITF Issue
No00-19   
91   Accounting for Derivative Financial Instruments Indexed to,
and Potentially Settled in, a Companys Own Stock as
equity instruments. The details of each ASR are provided in the
following paragraphs.   On August28, 2008, the Company entered into an accelerated
share repurchase agreement with a financial institution
counterparty. Under the terms of the ASR, the Company paid
$1500million targeting 41million shares based on
an initial price of $3690. On September3, 2008, the
Company took delivery of 85% of the shares, or 35million
shares at a cost of $1275million. The final number of
shares to be delivered by the counterparty under the ASR was
dependent on the average of the daily volume weighted average
price of the Companys common stock over the
agreements trading period, a discount, and the initial
number of shares delivered. Under the terms of the ASR, the
Company would either receive additional shares from the
counterparty or be required to deliver additional shares or cash
to the counterparty. The Company controlled its election to
either deliver additional shares or cash to the counterparty. On
October21, 2008, the counterparty delivered
12million shares in final settlement of the agreement,
bringing the total shares repurchased under the ASR to
47million at a total cost of $1500million at an
average price per share of $3191.   On October21, 2008, the Company entered into an
accelerated share repurchase agreement with another financial
institution counterparty. Under the terms of the ASR, the
Company paid $1000million targeting 39million
shares based on an initial price of $2571. On October24,
2008, the Company took delivery of 85% of the shares, or
33million shares at a cost of $850million. The
final number of shares to be delivered by the counterparty under
the ASR was dependent on the average of the daily volume
weighted average price of the Companys common stock over
the agreements trading period, a discount, and the initial
number of shares delivered. Under the terms of the ASR, the
Company would either receive additional shares from the
counterparty or be required to deliver additional shares or cash
to the counterparty. The Company controlled its election to
either deliver additional shares or cash to the counterparty. On
December26, 2008, the counterparty delivered
07million shares in final settlement of the agreement,
bringing the total shares repurchased under the ASR to
40million at a total cost of $1000million at an
average price per share of $2522.   Other Comprehensive Earnings Loss   Comprehensive earnings loss for the years ended
December31, net of taxes, consists of the following   	
2008   2007   2006     Net earnings     2402     3008     3384   Other comprehensive earnings loss   Foreign currency translation adjustment net of tax benefit of
$55 in 2008   634     225   223   Cash flow hedging, net of reclassifications net of tax benefit
liability of $01 in 2007, and $02 in 2006     07     64     Minimum pension liability adjustments net of tax liability
benefit of $165 in 2006        269   SFAS158 pension or other postretirement benefits, net of
reclassifications net of tax benefit liability of $800 in
2008 and $28 in 2007   1240     175     Net unrealized gain loss on marketable securities net of tax
liability benefit of $04 in 2008, $00 in 2007 and $01
in 2006   13        06   Comprehensive earnings     515     3401     3818   
92   Accumulated other comprehensive loss earnings for the
years ended December 31 consists of the following   	
Foreign
Pension or
Net Unrealized
Accumulated
Currency
Minimum
Other
Loss Gain on
Other
Translation
Cash Flow
Pension
Postretirement
Marketable
Comprehensive
Adjustment   Hedges   Liability   Benefits   Securities   Loss Earnings     Balance at 12/31/05     152        71     1546             06        1633     2006 Change   223   64     269     06   434   Adoption of SFAS158        1277   1387        110     Balance at 12/31/06   71   07     1387        1309     2007 Change   225   07        175     393   Balance at 12/31/07     296               1212             916     2008 Change   634          1240     13     1887     Balance at 12/31/08     338                  2452        13        2803     
14.
EARNINGS PER
SHARE EPS   The following table presents a reconciliation of the numerators
and denominators of the basic and diluted netEPS
calculations for the years ended December 31   	
2008   2007   2006     Numerator   Net earnings     2402     3008     3384     Denominator   Weighted average shares used to compute basic EPS   889   953   1028   Effect of dilutive securities employee stock plans   03   05   07   Weighted average shares used to compute diluted EPS   892   958   1035     Basic netEPS     270     316     329   Diluted netEPS     269     314     327     RSUs and stock options totaling an additional 104million,
51million and 53million of ClassA Common
Stock in 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively, were outstanding but
were not included in the computation of diluted net earnings per
share because the effect would have been antidilutive.   The Company executed two accelerated share repurchase agreements
ASR with financial institution counterparties in
2008, resulting in a total of 87million shares
repurchased at a cost of $2500million over the third and
fourth quarter. The ASRs had a favorable impact to 2008 basic
and diluted EPS of $006. The settlement provisions established
in the agreements were essentially forward contracts and
therefore potentially dilutive common stock equivalents that
must be evaluated under Emerging Issues Task Force
EITF Topic
No.D-72
Effect of Contracts That May Be Settled in Stock or Cash on
the Computation of Diluted Earnings per Share until final
settlement. At December31, 2008, there were no outstanding
settlement provisions to evaluate for potential dilution. Refer
to PartII, Item8, Note13 of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information
regarding the Companys accelerated share repurchase
agreements.   
15.
PENSION AND OTHER
POSTRETIREMENT PLANS   Lexmark and its subsidiaries have defined benefit and defined
contribution pension plans that cover certain of its regular
employees, and a supplemental plan that covers certain
executives. Medical, dental and life insurance plans for
retirees are provided by the Company and certain of its
non-U.S.subsidiaries.   Effective April3, 2006, Lexmark froze pension benefits in
its defined benefit pension plan for U.S.employees and at
the same time changed from a maximum Company matching
contribution of   
93   three percent of eligible compensation to an automatic Company
contribution of one percent and a maximum Company matching
contribution of five percent to Lexmarks existing 401k
plan. As a result, during 2006, the Company recognized a
$99million pension curtailment gain due to the freeze of
benefit accruals in the U.S.Additionally, in 2006, 2007
and 2008, the Company made a maximum Company matching
contribution of six percent to a nonqualified deferred
compensation plan on compensation amounts in excess of IRS
qualified plan limits.   The Pension Protection Act of 2006 the Act was
enacted on August17, 2006. Most of its provisions have
become effective in 2008. The Act significantly changes the
funding requirements for single-employer defined benefit pension
plans. The funding requirements are now largely based on a
plans calculated funded status, with faster amortization
of any shortfalls. The Act directs the U.S.Treasury
Department to develop a new yield curve to discount pension
obligations for determining the funded status of a plan when
calculating the funding requirements.   
94   Defined Benefit
Plans   The
non-U.S.pension
plans are not significant and use economic assumptions similar
to the U.S.pension plan and therefore are not shown
separately in the following disclosures.   Obligations and funded status at December 31   	
Pension Benefits   Other Postretirement Benefits   2008   2007   2008   2007     Change in Benefit Obligation   Benefit obligation at beginning of year     7622     7771     478     466   Service cost   35   26   15   17   Interest cost   450   423   27   25   Contributions by plan participants   35   34   36   42   Actuarial gain   67     194     46     11     Benefits paid   539     533     59     65     Foreign currency exchange rate changes   208     76        Plan amendments and adjustments     06        Settlement, curtailment or special termination losses   16   13     04   Benefit obligation at end of year   7344   7622   451   478   Change in Plan Assets   Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year   7144   7185        Actual return on plan assets   1774     345        Contributions by the employer   43   40   23   23   Benefits paid   539     533     59     65     Foreign currency exchange rate changes   219     73        Plan amendments and adjustments     05        Contributions by plan participants   35   34   36   42   Settlements     05          Fair value of plan assets at end of year   4690   7144        Unfunded status at end of year   2654     478     451     478     Net loss   4089   2035   69   121   Prior service cost credit   03   03   115     157     Net amount recognized     1438     1560     497        514     Amounts Recognized in the Consolidated Statements of
Financial Position   Noncurrent assets     72     191             Current liabilities   13     13     41     35     Noncurrent liabilities   2713     656     410     443     Accumulated other comprehensive loss earnings,
net of tax   2479   1233   27     22     Deferred tax assets   1621   825        Deferred tax liabilities   08     20     19     14     Net amount recognized     1438     1560     497        514     The accumulated benefit obligation for all of the Companys
defined benefit pension plans was $7296million and
$7560million at December31, 2008 and 2007,
respectively.   
95   Pension plans with a benefit obligation in excess of plan assets
at December 31   	
2008   2007   Benefit
Plan
Benefit
Plan
Obligation   Assets   Obligation   Assets     Plans with projected benefit obligation in excess of plan assets     6645     3918     6646     5977   Plans with accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan
assets   6610   3916   6599   5975   Components of net
periodic benefit cost   	
Other Postretirement
Pension Benefits   Benefits   2008   2007   2006   2008   2007   2006     Net Periodic Benefit Cost   Service cost     35     26     79     15     17     18   Interest cost   450   423   420   27   25   25   Expected return on plan assets   500     488     492             Amortization of prior service cost credit          39     40     38     Amortization of net loss   112   151   172   05   09   10   Settlement, curtailment or special termination gains losses   17   20   54     03     01   01     Net periodic benefit cost     114     132     125     05     12     14   Other changes in
plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in accumulated
other comprehensive income AOCI pre-tax for the
year ended December31, 2008   	
Other
Pension
Postretirement
Benefits   Benefits     Net loss gain arising during the period     2211     46     Effect of foreign currency exchange rate changes on amounts
included in AOCI   50        Less amounts recognized as a component of net periodic benefit
cost   Amortization or settlement recognition of net loss   112     05     Amortization or curtailment recognition of prior service cost
credit     42     Total amount recognized in AOCI for the period   2049   09        Total amount recognized in net periodic benefit cost and AOCI
for the period     2163     04        The estimated net loss for the defined benefit pension plans
that will be amortized from Accumulated other comprehensive
earnings loss into net periodic benefit cost over the next
fiscal year is $15million. The estimated prior service
credit for the other defined benefit postretirement plans that
will be amortized from Accumulated other comprehensive
earnings loss into net periodic benefit cost over the next
fiscal year is $4million.   
96   Assumptions   	
Other Postretirement
Pension Benefits   Benefits   2008   2007   2008   2007     Weighted-Average Assumptions Used to Determine Benefit
Obligations at December 31   Discount rate   62     62     64     60     Rate of compensation increase   28     35     40     40        	
Pension
Other
Benefits   Postretirement Benefits   2008   2007   2006   2008   2007   2006     Weighted-Average Assumptions Used to Determine Net Periodic
Benefit Cost for Years Ended December 31   Discount rate   62     57     55     60     57     56     Expected long-term return on plan assets   76     76     76             Rate of compensation increase   35     29     39     40     40     40        Plan
assets   Plan assets are invested in equity securities, government and
agency securities, mortgage-backed securities, commercial
mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities, corporate
debt, annuity contracts and other securities. The
U.S.defined benefit plan comprises a significant portion
of the assets and liabilities relating to the defined benefit
plans. The investment goal of the U.S.defined benefit plan
is to achieve an adequate net investment return in order to
provide for future benefit payments to its participants.
Beginning in December 2008, asset allocation percentages are
targeted to be 65% equity and 35% fixed income investments. The
U.S.defined benefit plan expects to employ professional
investment managers during 2009 to invest in new asset classes,
including international developed equity, emerging market
equity, high yield bonds and emerging market debt. Prior to
December 2008, the target asset allocation percentages were 75%
equity investments and 25% fixed income investments. Each
investment manager operates under an investment management
contract that includes specific investment guidelines, requiring
among other actions, adequate diversification, prudent use of
derivatives and standard risk management practices such as
portfolio constraints relating to established benchmarks. The
plan currently uses, and intends to use during the asset
allocation transition in 2009 noted above, a combination of both
active management and passive index funds to achieve its
investment goals.   Lexmarks U.S.pension plans weighted-average
asset allocations at December31, 2008 and 2007, by asset
category were as follows   	
2008   2007     Equity investments   70     75     Fixed income investments   30     25     Total   100     100        Defined
Contribution Plans   Lexmark also sponsors defined contribution plans for employees
in certain countries. Company contributions are generally based
upon a percentage of employees contributions. The
Companys expense under these plans was $251million,
$258million and $205million in 2008, 2007 and
2006, respectively.   
97   Additional
Information   Other postretirement benefits   For measurement purposes, a 85% annual rate of increase in the
per capita cost of covered health care benefits was assumed for
2009. The rate is assumed to decrease gradually to 525% in 2015
and remain at that level thereafter. A one-percentage-point
change in the health care cost trend rate would have a
deminimus effect on the benefit cost and obligation since
preset caps have been met for the net employer cost of
postretirement medical benefits.   Related to Lexmarks acquisition of the Information
Products Corporation from IBM in 1991, IBM agreed to pay for its
pro rata share currently estimated at $262million of
future postretirement benefits for all the Companys
U.S.employees based on pro rated years of service with IBM
and the Company.   Cash flows   In 2009, the Company is currently expecting to contribute
approximately $100million to its pension and other
postretirement plans.   Lexmark estimates that the future benefits payable for the
pension and other postretirement plans are as follows   	
Other Postretirement
Pension Benefits   Benefits     2009   496   40   2010   490   44   2011   487   47   2012   486   47   2013   485   47   2014-2018   2600   245     
16.
DERIVATIVES,
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND RISK MANAGEMENT   Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activities   Lexmarks activities expose it to a variety of market
risks, including the effects of changes in foreign currency
exchange rates and interest rates. The Companys risk
management program seeks to reduce the potentially adverse
effects that market risks may have on its operating results.   Lexmark maintains a foreign currency risk management strategy
that uses derivative instruments to protect its interests from
unanticipated fluctuations in earnings and cash flows caused by
volatility in currency exchange rates. The Company does not hold
or issue financial instruments for trading purposes nor does it
hold or issue leveraged derivative instruments. Lexmark
maintains an interest rate risk management strategy that may,
from time to time use derivative instruments to minimize
significant, unanticipated earnings fluctuations caused by
interest rate volatility. By using derivative financial
instruments to hedge exposures to changes in exchange rates and
interest rates, the Company exposes itself to credit risk and
market risk. Lexmark manages exposure to counterparty credit
risk by entering into derivative financial instruments with
highly rated institutions that can be expected to fully perform
under the terms of the agreement. Market risk is the adverse
effect on the value of a financial instrument that results from
a change in currency exchange rates or interest rates. The
Company manages exposure to market risk associated with interest
rate and foreign exchange contracts by establishing and
monitoring parameters that limit the types and degree of market
risk that may be undertaken.   Lexmark uses the following hedging strategies to reduce the
potentially adverse effects that market volatility may have on
its operating results   Fair Value Hedges:Fair value hedges are
hedges of recognized assets or liabilities. Lexmark enters into
forward exchange contracts to hedge accounts receivable,
accounts payable and other monetary assets and liabilities. The
forward contracts used in this program generally mature in three
months or less   
98   consistent with the underlying asset and liability. Foreign
exchange option contracts, as well as forward contracts, may be
used as fair value hedges in situations where derivative
instruments, for which hedge accounting has been discontinued,
expose earnings to further change in exchange rates. Although,
the Company has historically used interest rate swaps to convert
fixed rate financing activities to variable rates, there were no
interest rate swaps outstanding as of December31, 2008.   Cash Flow Hedges:Cash flow hedges are hedges
of forecasted transactions or of the variability of cash flows
to be received or paid related to a recognized asset or
liability. During 2007 and 2006, Lexmark had entered into
foreign exchange options and forward exchange contracts,
generally expiring within twelve months, as hedges of
anticipated purchases and sales that are denominated in foreign
currencies. These contracts were entered into to protect against
the risk that the eventual cash flows resulting from such
transactions will be adversely affected by changes in exchange
rates. However, the Company did not use foreign exchange cash
flow hedges during 2008. The Company enters into currency swap
contracts to hedge foreign currency risks that result from the
transfer of various currencies within the Company. The currency
swap contracts entered into generally expire within one month.   Accounting for
Derivatives and Hedging Activities   All derivatives are recognized in the Consolidated Statements of
Financial Position at their fair value. Fair values for
Lexmarks derivative financial instruments are based on
pricing models or formulas using current market data, or where
applicable, quoted market prices. On the date the derivative
contract is entered into, the Company designates the derivative
as either a fair value or cash flow hedge. Changes in the fair
value of a derivative that is highly effective as
and that is designated and qualifies as a fair value
hedge, along with the loss or gain on the hedged asset or
liability are recorded in current period earnings in Cost of
revenue on the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. Changes
in the fair value of a derivative that is highly effective as
and that is designated and qualifies as
a cash flow hedge are recorded in Accumulated other
comprehensive earnings loss on the Consolidated Statements
of Financial Position, until the underlying transactions occur,
at which time the loss or gain on the derivative is recorded in
current period earnings in Cost of revenue on the
Consolidated Statements of Earnings. Derivatives qualifying as
hedges are included in the same section of the Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows as the underlying assets and
liabilities being hedged.   As of December31, 2008, the Company had no derivative
assets recorded in Prepaid expenses and other current assets
and $15million of derivative liabilities recorded in
Accrued liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of
Financial Position. As of December31, 2007, the Company
had derivative assets of $07million recorded in
Prepaid expenses and other current assets and no
derivative liabilities recorded in Accrued liabilities on
the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. As of
December31, 2008 and 2007, there were no deferred gains or
losses on derivative instruments recorded in Accumulated
other comprehensive earnings loss.   Lexmark formally documents all relationships between hedging
instruments and hedged items, as well as its risk management
objective and strategy for undertaking various hedge items. This
process includes linking all derivatives that are designated as
fair value and cash flow to specific assets and liabilities on
the balance sheet. The Company also formally assesses, both at
the hedges inception and on an ongoing basis, whether the
derivatives that are used in hedging transactions are highly
effective in offsetting changes in fair value or cash flows of
hedged items. When it is determined that a derivative is not
highly effective as a hedge or that it has ceased to be a highly
effective hedge, the Company discontinues hedge accounting
prospectively, as discussed below.   Lexmark discontinues hedge accounting prospectively when
1it is determined that a derivative is no longer
effective in offsetting changes in the fair value or cash flows
of a hedged item or 2the derivative expires or is sold,
terminated or exercised. When hedge accounting is discontinued
because it is determined that the derivative no longer qualifies
as an effective fair value hedge, the derivative will continue
to be carried on the Consolidated Statements of Financial
Position at its fair value. In all other situations in which
hedge accounting is discontinued, the derivative will be carried
at its fair value on the   
99   Consolidated Statements of Financial Position, with changes in
its fair value recognized in current period earnings. An
immaterial portion of the Companys cash flow hedges was
determined to be ineffective, and recognized in current period
earnings during 2007 and 2006.   Lexmark recorded $185million, $82million and
$46million of aggregate net foreign currency transaction
losses in 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively. The aggregate
foreign currency transaction net loss amounts include the
gains/losses on the Companys foreign currency fair value
hedges for all periods presented.   Financial
Instruments   In May 2008, the Company repaid its $1500million
principal amount of 675%senior notes that were due on
May15, 2008. Additionally, in May 2008, the Company
completed a public debt offering of $6500million
aggregate principal amount of fixed rate senior unsecured notes.
As of December31, 2008, the carrying value of
Lexmarks $6500million of senior note debt was
$6487million and the fair value was $5050million.
The fair value of the debt was estimated based on current rates
available to the Company for debt with similar characteristics.
As of December31, 2007, the carrying value of
Lexmarks $1500million of senior note debt was
$1499million and the fair value was $1503million.
The fair value of the debt was estimated based on current rates
available to the Company for debt with similar characteristics.
As the notes matured in May 2008, the senior notes were
reclassified from Long-term debt to Current portion of
long-term debt during 2007. As of December31, 2008,
the carrying value of the companys short-term debt was
$55million, which approximated its fair value. As of
December31, 2007, the Company had no short-term debt
outstanding.   During October 2003, Lexmark entered into interest rate swap
contracts to convert its $1500million principal amount of
675%senior notes from a fixed interest rate to a variable
interest rate. The interest rate swaps were designated as a fair
value hedge of the Companys $1500million long-term
debt. The interest rate swaps were recorded at their fair value
and the Companys long-term debt was adjusted by the same
corresponding value in accordance with the short-cut method of
SFAS133. The fair value of the interest rate swaps was
combined with the fair value adjustment of the Companys
senior note debt due to immateriality and was presented in
Current portion of long-term debt at December31,
2007 on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. In
May 2008, the interest rate swap contracts expired concurrently
with the repayment of the $1500million debt. As of
December31, 2007, the fair value of the interest rate swap
contracts was an asset of $01million.   Concentrations of
Risk   Lexmarks main concentrations of credit risk consist
primarily of short-term cash investments, marketable securities
and trade receivables. Short-term cash and marketable securities
investments are made in a variety of high quality securities
with prudent diversification requirements. The Company seeks
diversification among its cash investments by limiting the
amount of cash investments that can be made with any one
obligor. Credit risk related to trade receivables is dispersed
across a large number of customers located in various geographic
areas. Collateral such as letters of credit and bank guarantees
is required in certain circumstances. Lexmark sells a large
portion of its products through third-party distributors and
resellers and original equipment manufacturer OEM
customers. If the financial condition or operations of these
distributors, resellers and OEM customers were to deteriorate
substantially, the Companys operating results could be
adversely affected. The three largest distributor, reseller and
OEM customer trade receivable balances collectively represented
$188million or approximately 30% of total trade
receivables at December31, 2008, and $281million or
approximately 46% of total trade receivables at
December31, 2007, of which Dell receivables were
$125million or approximately 20% of total trade
receivables at December31, 2008, and $207million or
approximately 34% of total trade receivables at
December31, 2007. However, Lexmark performs ongoing credit
evaluations of the financial position of its third-party
distributors, resellers and other customers to determine
appropriate credit limits.   
100   Lexmark generally has experienced longer accounts receivable
cycles in its emerging markets, in particular, Latin America,
when compared to its U.S.and European markets. In the
event that accounts receivable cycles in these developing
markets lengthen further, the Company could be adversely
affected.   Lexmark also procures a wide variety of components used in the
manufacturing process. Although many of these components are
available from multiple sources, the Company often utilizes
preferred supplier relationships to better ensure more
consistent quality, cost and delivery. The Company also sources
some printer engines and finished products from OEMs. Typically,
these preferred suppliers maintain alternate processes
and/or
facilities to ensure continuity of supply. Although Lexmark
plans in anticipation of its future requirements, should these
components not be available from any one of these suppliers,
there can be no assurance that production of certain of the
Companys products would not be disrupted.   
17.
COMMITMENTS AND
CONTINGENCIES   Commitments   Lexmark is committed under operating leases containing various
renewal options for rental of office and manufacturing space
and equipment. Rent expense net of rental income was
$556million, $551million and $499million in
2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively. Future minimum rentals under
terms of non-cancelable operating leases net of sublease rental
income commitments as of December31, 2008, were as
follows   	
2009   2010   2011   2012   2013   Thereafter     Minimum lease payments net of sublease rental income     357     247     160     98     47     30     Contingencies   In accordance with SFASNo5, Accounting for
Contingencies, Lexmark records a provision for a loss
contingency when management believes that it is both probable
that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be
reasonably estimated. The Company believes it has adequate
provisions for any such matters.   Legal
proceedings   On December30, 2002 02 action and
March16, 2004 04 action, the Company filed
claims against Static Control Components, Inc. SCC
in the U.S.District Court for the Eastern District of
Kentucky the District Court alleging violation of
the Companys intellectual property and state law rights.
Similar claims in a separate action were filed by the Company in
the District Court against David Abraham and Clarity Imaging
Technologies, Inc. Clarity on October8,
2004. SCC and Clarity have filed counterclaims against the
Company in the District Court alleging that the Company engaged
in anti-competitive and monopolistic conduct and unfair and
deceptive trade practices in violation of the Sherman Act, the
Lanham Act and state laws. SCC has stated in its legal documents
that it is seeking approximately $178million to
$195million in damages for the Companys alleged
anticompetitive conduct and approximately $1billion for
Lexmarks alleged violation of the Lanham Act. Clarity has
not stated a damage dollar amount. SCC and Clarity are seeking
treble damages, attorney fees, costs and injunctive relief. On
September28, 2006, the District Court dismissed the
counterclaims filed by SCC alleging that the Company engaged in
anti-competitive and monopolistic conduct and unfair and
deceptive trade practices in violation of the Sherman Act, the
Lanham Act and state laws. On October13, 2006, SCC filed a
Motion for Reconsideration of the District Courts Order
dismissing SCCs claims, or in the alternative, to amend
its pleadings, which the District Court denied on June1,
2007. On October13, 2006, the District Court issued an
order to stay the action brought against David Abraham and
Clarity until a final judgment or settlement are entered into in
the consolidated 02 and 04 actions. On June20, 2007, the
District Court Judge ruled that SCC directly infringed one of
Lexmarks
patents-in-suit.
On June22, 2007, the jury returned a verdict that SCC did
not   
101   induce infringement of Lexmarks
patents-in-suit.
As to SCCs defense that the Company has committed patent
misuse, in an advisory, non-binding capacity, the jury did find
some Company conduct constituted misuse. In the jurys
advisory, non-binding findings, the jury also found that the
relevant market was the cartridge market rather than the printer
market and that the Company had unreasonably restrained
competition in that market. On October3, 2008, the
District Court Judge issued a memorandum opinion denying various
motions made by the Company that sought to reverse the
jurys finding that SCC did not induce infringement of
Lexmarks
patents-in-suit.
The District Court Judge did, however, grant the Companys
motion that SCCs equitable defenses, including patent
misuse, were moot. As a result, the jurys advisory
findings on misuse, including the jurys finding that the
relevant market was the cartridge market rather than the printer
market and that the Company had unreasonably restrained
competition in that market, were not adopted by the District
Court. A final judgment for the 02 action and the 04 action has
not yet been entered by the District Court.   The Company is also party to various litigation and other legal
matters, including claims of intellectual property infringement
and various purported consumer class action lawsuits alleging,
among other things, various product defects and false and
deceptive advertising claims, that are being handled in the
ordinary course of business. In addition, various governmental
authorities have from time to time initiated inquiries and
investigations, some of which are ongoing, concerning the
activities of participants in the markets for printers and
supplies. The Company intends to continue to cooperate fully
with those governmental authorities in these matters.   Although it is not reasonably possible to estimate whether a
loss will occur as a result of these legal matters, or if a loss
should occur, the amount of such loss, the Company does not
believe that any legal matters to which it is a party is likely
to have a material adverse effect on the Companys
financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
However, there can be no assurance that any pending legal
matters or any legal matters that may arise in the future would
not have a material adverse effect on the Companys
financial position, results of operations or cash flows.   Copyright
fees   Certain countries primarily in Europe
and/or
collecting societies representing copyright owners
interests have taken action to impose fees on devices such as
scanners, printers and multifunction devices alleging the
copyright owners are entitled to compensation because these
devices enable reproducing copyrighted content. Other countries
are also considering imposing fees on certain devices. The
amount of fees, if imposed, would depend on the number of
products sold and the amounts of the fee on each product, which
will vary by product and by country. The Company has accrued
amounts that it believes are adequate to address the risks
related to the copyright fee issues currently pending. The
financial impact on the Company, which will depend in large part
upon the outcome of local legislative processes, the
Companys and other industry participants outcome in
contesting the fees and the Companys ability to mitigate
that impact by increasing prices, which ability will depend upon
competitive market conditions, remains uncertain. As of
December31, 2008 and 2007, the Company has accrued
approximately $118million and $117million,
respectively, for the pending copyright fee issues, including
litigation proceedings, local legislative initiatives
and/or
negotiations with the parties involved.   As of December31, 2008, approximately $56million of
the $118million accrued for the copyright fee issues was
related to single function printer devices sold in Germany prior
to December31, 2007. On December6, 2007, the
Bundesgerichtshof the German Federal Supreme Court
issued a judgment in litigation brought by
VerwertungsGesellschaft Wort VG Wort, a collection
society representing certain copyright holders, against
Hewlett-Packard Company HP, finding that single
function printer devices sold in Germany prior to
December31, 2007 were not subject to the law authorizing
the German copyright fee levy German Federal Supreme Court,
file reference I ZR 94/05. The Company and VG Wort entered into
an agreement pursuant to which both VG Wort and the Company
agreed to be bound by the outcome of the VG Wort/HP litigation.
VG Wort filed a claim with the German Federal Constitutional
Court Bundesverfassungsgericht, the Constitutional
Court challenging the decision of the German   
102   Federal Supreme Court. The Company believes the amount accrued
represents its best estimate of the copyright fee issues
currently pending.   For those
all-in-one
and/or
multifunctional devices AIO/MFDs sold in Germany
prior to December31, 2001, Lexmark has reached a
satisfactory resolution with VG Wort and has paid the applicable
copyright fee levies.   For those AIO/MFDs sold in Germany after December31, 2001
through December31, 2007, VG Wort instituted non-binding
arbitration proceedings against the Company in December 2006
before the arbitration board of the Patent and Trademark Office
relating to whether and to what extent copyright levies should
be imposed on such AIO/MFDs. A non-binding proposal was served
in the arbitration proceeding on December24, 2008. This
proposal has been rejected by the parties. VG Wort has the
option to file a lawsuit against Lexmark in the Regional Appeal
Court in Munich, Germany seeking levies on
AIO/MFDs for
the aforementioned period.   For those single function printer devices and AIO/MFDs sold in
Germany by the Company after December31, 2007, pursuant to
the new German Copyright Act applicable as of January1,
2008, the Company, other industry participants and the
collecting societies have agreed upon an applicable levy rate
for such sales of single function printer devices and AIO/MFDs
and the Company has agreed to collect and pay such levies as
appropriate.   The Company believes the amounts accrued represent its best
estimate of the copyright fee issues currently pending and these
accruals are included in Accrued liabilities on the
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.   
18.
SEGMENT
DATA   Lexmark manufactures and sells a variety of printing and
multifunction products and related supplies and services and is
primarily managed along its divisional segments: PSSD, formerly
known as the Business market segment, and ISD, formerly known as
the Consumer market segment. The Company evaluates the
performance of its segments based on revenue and operating
income, and does not include segment assets or other income and
expense items for management reporting purposes. Segment
operating income loss includes: selling, general and
administrative; research and development; restructuring and
related charges; and other expenses, certain of which are
allocated to the respective segments based on internal measures
and may not be indicative of amounts that would be incurred on a
stand alone basis or may not be indicative of results of other
enterprises in similar businesses. All other operating income
loss includes significant expenses that are managed outside of
the reporting segments. These unallocated costs include such
items as information technology expenses, occupancy costs,
stock-based compensation and certain other corporate and
regional general and administrative expenses such as finance,
legal and human resources.   The following table includes information about the
Companys reportable segments for the year ended December
31   	
2008   2007   2006     Revenue   PSSD     2,9816     2,9992     2,8691   ISD   1,5468   1,9747   2,2390   Total revenue     4,5284     4,9739     5,1081     Operating income loss   PSSD     4971     6120     6001   ISD   1371   934   2460   All other   3570     3841     4036     Total operating income loss     2772     3213     4425     
103   In connection with the Companys restructuring plans,
operating income loss noted above for the year ended
December31, 2008, includes restructuring-related charges
of $230million in ISD, $198million in PSSD and
$193million in All other.   In connection with the 2007 Restructuring Plan, operating income
loss noted above for the year ended December31, 2007,
included employee termination benefit charges of
$139million in ISD, $65million in PSSD and
$104million in All other.   In connection with the 2006 restructuring, operating income
loss noted above for the year ended December31, 2006,
included restructuring-related charges of $547million in
ISD, $352million in PSSD and $312million in All
other. All other operating income also included a
$99million pension plan freeze benefit.   During 2008, 2007 and 2006, one customer, Dell, accounted for
$5957million or approximately 13%, $717million or
approximately 14% and $744million or approximately 15%, of
the Companys total revenue, respectively. Sales to Dell
are included in both PSSD and ISD.   The following is revenue by geographic area for the year ended
December 31   	
2008   2007   2006     Revenue   United States     1,8648     2,1403     2,2453   EMEA Europe, the Middle East Africa   1,7429   1,8272   1,8431   Other International   9207   1,0064   1,0197   Total revenue     4,5284     4,9739     5,1081     Sales are attributed to geographic areas based on the location
of customers. Other International revenue includes exports from
the U.S.and Europe.   The following is long-lived asset information by geographic area
as of December 31   	
2008   2007   2006     Long-lived assets   United States     4688     4169     4220   EMEA Europe, the Middle East Africa   245   343   450   Other International   3699   4178   3798   Total long-lived assets     8632     8690     8468     Long-lived assets include property, plant and equipment, net of
accumulated depreciation.   The following is revenue by product category for the year ended
December 31   	
2008   2007   2006     Revenue   Laser and inkjet printers     1,1968     1,4983     1,6630   Laser and inkjet supplies   3,1175   3,2486   3,2116   Other   2141   2270   2335   Total revenue     4,5284     4,9739     5,1081     
104   
19.
QUARTERLY
FINANCIAL DATA UNAUDITED   	
First
Second
Third
Fourth
In Millions, Except Per Share
Amounts   Quarter   Quarter   Quarter   Quarter     2008   Revenue     1,1751     1,1388     1,1307     1,0837   Gross profit
1   4355   4172   3677   3142   Operating income
1   1223   1009   540     Net earnings
1   1017   837   366   181   Basic EPS*
1     107     089     042     023   Diluted EPS*
1   107   089   042   023   Stock prices   High     3768     3718     3690     3275   Low   2802   3036   3028   2325   2007   Revenue     1,2606     1,2082     1,1954     1,3097   Gross profit
2   4228   3702   3326   4380   Operating income
2   1211   656   205   1141   Net earnings
2   924   642   452   990   Basic EPS*
2     096     068     048     104   Diluted EPS*
2   095   067   048   104   Stock prices   High     7320     6201     4973     4380   Low   5781   4893   3571   3285     
The sum of the quarterly data may
not equal annual amounts due to rounding.
*
The sum of the quarterly earnings
per share amounts does not necessarily equal the annual earnings
per share due to changes in average share calculations. This is
in accordance with prescribed reporting requirements.
1
Net earnings for the first quarter
of 2008 included $126million of pre-tax
restructuring-related charges and project costs in connection
with the Companys restructuring plans.
Net earnings for the second quarter
of 2008 included $88million of pre-tax
restructuring-related charges and project costs in connection
with the Companys restructuring plans.
Net earnings for the third quarter
of 2008 included $245million of pre-tax
restructuring-related charges and project costs in connection
with the Companys restructuring plans.
Net earnings for the fourth quarter
of 2008 included $468million of pre-tax
restructuring-related charges and project costs in connection
with the Companys restructuring plans.
2
Net earnings for the first quarter
of 2007 included $57million of pre-tax project costs in
connection with the Companys 2006 actions and a
$35million pre-tax gain on the sale of the Companys
Scotland facility.
Net earnings for the second quarter
of 2007 included $51million of pre-tax project costs in
connection with the 2006 actions, an $81million pre-tax
foreign exchange gain realized upon the substantial liquidation
of the Companys Scotland entity and adjustments of
$48million to previously recorded tax amounts.
Net earnings for the third quarter
of 2007 included $66million of pre-tax
restructuring-related charges in connection with the 2007
Restructuring Plan, $80million of pre-tax project costs
in connection with the 2006 actions and a $13million tax
benefit due to the settlement of a tax audit outside the U.S.
Net earnings for the fourth quarter
of 2007 included $242million and $34million of
pre-tax restructuring-related charges and project costs,
respectively, in connection with the 2007 Restructuring Plan,
$25million of pre-tax project costs in connection with
the 2006 actions and adjustments of $64million to
previously recorded tax amounts
105   REPORT OF
INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Lexmark
International, Inc.   In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated statements of
financial position and the related consolidated statements of
earnings, of cash flows and of stockholders equity and
comprehensive earnings present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of Lexmark International, Inc. and its
subsidiaries at December31, 2008 and 2007, and the results
of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three
years in the period ended December31, 2008 in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. In addition, in our opinion, the financial
statement schedule listed in the Index appearing under
a2 presents fairly, in all material respects,
the information set forth therein when read in conjunction with
the related consolidated financial statements. Also in our
opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects,
effective internal control over financial reporting as of
December31, 2008, based on criteria established in
Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
COSO. The Companys management is responsible for these
financial statements and financial statement schedule, for
maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting
and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control
over financial reporting, included in Managements
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
appearing under Item9A. Our responsibility is to express
opinions on these financial statements, on the financial
statement schedule, and on the Companys internal control
over financial reporting based on our integrated audits. We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement and whether effective internal
control over financial reporting was maintained in all material
respects. Our audits of the financial statements included
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, and evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial
reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a
material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design
and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the
assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other
procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We
believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our
opinions.   As discussed in Note2 to the consolidated financial
statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts
for defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans in
2006 and uncertain tax positions in 2007.   A companys internal control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. A companys
internal control over financial reporting includes those
policies and procedures that ipertain to the maintenance
of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
company; iiprovide reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the
company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of
management and directors of the company; and iiiprovide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
companys assets that could have a material effect on the
financial statements.   
106   Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over
financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.   /s/PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP   Lexington, Kentucky   February 25, 2009   
107   
Item 1.   BUSINESS   1   Item 1A.   RISK FACTORS   12   Item 1B.   UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS   18   Item 2.   PROPERTIES   18   Item 3.   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   18   Item 4.
CONTROLS
AND PROCEDURES   Evaluation of
Disclosure Controls and Procedures   The Companys management, with the participation of the
Companys Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, have
evaluated the effectiveness of the Companys disclosure
controls and procedures as of December31, 2008. Based upon
that evaluation, the Companys Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
have concluded that the Companys disclosure controls and
procedures are effective in providing reasonable assurance that
the information required to be disclosed by the Company in the
reports that it files under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended the Exchange Act, is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the Securities and Exchange Commissions rules
and forms and were effective as of December31, 2008 to
ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company
in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act
is accumulated and communicated to the Companys
management, including its principal executive and principal
financial officers or persons performing similar functions, as
appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure.   Managements
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   The Companys management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act
Rule13a-15f.
Under the supervision and with the participation of our
management, including the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, we
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting based upon the framework in
Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on
our evaluation under the framework in Internal
Control-Integrated Framework, our management concluded that our
internal control over financial reporting was effective as of
December31, 2008. The effectiveness of the Companys
internal control over financial reporting as of
December31, 2008 has been audited by
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public
accounting firm, as stated in their report appearing on
page106.   Changes in
Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   Beginning in the third quarter of 2006 and continuing through
the fourth quarter of 2008, the Company continued its process of
centralizing certain of its accounting and other finance
functions and order-to-cash functions from various countries to
shared service centers. As a result, certain changes in basic
processes and internal controls and procedures for day-to-day
accounting functions and financial reporting were made. In the
second quarter of 2007, the Company migrated the majority of the
transaction processing for after-sales service activities in the
United States to a new software system. This migration continued
for countries outside the United States during the fourth
quarter of 2008. While management believes the changed controls
along with additional compensating controls relating to
financial reporting for affected processes are adequate and
effective, management is continuing to evaluate and monitor the
changes in controls and procedures as processes in each of these
areas evolve.   Except for implementing the changes noted above, there has been
no change in the Companys internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during the quarter ended
December31, 2008, that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, the Companys
internal control over financial reporting.   
108   
Item 1.   BUSINESS   1   Item 1A.   RISK FACTORS   12   Item 1B.   UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS   18   Item 2.   PROPERTIES   18   Item 3.   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   18   Item 4.
DIRECTORS,
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE   Except with respect to information regarding the executive
officers of the Registrant and the Companys code of
ethics, the information required by PartIII, Item10
of this
Form10-K
is incorporated by reference herein, and made part of this
Form10-K,
from the Companys definitive Proxy Statement for its 2009
Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, pursuant to
Regulation14A, not later than 120days after the end
of the fiscal year. The required information is included in the
definitive Proxy Statement under the headings Election of
Directors and Report of the Finance and Audit
Committee. The information with respect to the executive
officers of the Registrant is included under the heading
Executive Officers of the Registrant in Item1
above. The Company has adopted a code of business conduct and
ethics for directors, officers including the Companys
principal executive officer, principal financial officer and
controller and employees, known as the Code of Business
Conduct. The Code of Business Conduct, as well as the
Companys Corporate Governance Principles and the charters
of each of the committees of the board of directors, is
available on the Corporate Governance section of the
Companys Investor Relations website at
http investor.lexmark.com.
The Company also intends to disclose on the Corporate Governance
section of its Investor Relations website any amendments to the
Code of Business Conduct and any waivers from the provisions of
the Code of Business Conduct that apply to the principal
executive officer, principal financial officer or controller,
and that relate to any elements of the code of ethics enumerated
by the applicable regulation of the Securities and Exchange
Commission Item406b of
RegulationS-K.
Anyone may request a free copy of the Corporate Governance
Principles, the charters of each of the committees of the board
of directors or the Code of Business Conduct from   Lexmark International, Inc.   Attention: Investor Relations   One Lexmark Centre Drive   740West New Circle Road   Lexington, Kentucky 40550   859232-5568   The New York Stock Exchange NYSE requires that the
Chief Executive Officer of each listed Company certify annually
to the NYSE that he or she is not aware of any violation by the
Company of NYSE corporate governance listing standards as of the
date of such certification. The Company submitted the
certification of its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Paul
J. Curlander, for 2008 with its Annual Written Affirmation to
the NYSE on May16, 2008.   The Securities and Exchange Commission requires that the
principal executive officer and principal financial officer of
the Company make certain certifications pursuant to
Section302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and file the
certifications as exhibits with each Annual Report on
Form10-K.
In connection with this Annual Report on
Form10-K
filed with respect to the year ended December31, 2008,
these certifications were made by Paul J. Curlander, Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer, and John W. Gamble,Jr.,
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, of the
Company and are included as Exhibits311 and 312 to this
Annual Report on
Form10-K.   
