ITEM 8.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
The consolidated financial statements of the Company and report of independent
auditors included on pages 16-35 of the Annual Report to Stockholders for the
fiscal year ended October 31, 2002 are incorporated herein by reference.
Quarterly Results of Operations on page 35 of the 2002 Annual Report to
Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS.
There were no matters submitted to a vote of stockholders during the
fourth quarter of fiscal year 2002.
Item 4A.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
Regarding the directors of the Registrant, reference is made to the
information set forth under the caption Election of Directors in the Company
definitive Proxy Statement, which information is incorporated by reference
herein.
The principal executive officers of the Company and their recent business
experience are as follows      Name          Office Held          Age
Mark G. Kachur       Chairman of the Board of       59
Directors, President and
Chief Executive Officer
Frederick C. Flynn, Jr   Senior Vice President -       52
Finance and
Administration, Chief
Financial Officer,
Controller, and
Assistant Secretary
Thomas J. Hamlin      Senior Vice President,        41
Research & Development
Timothy B. Carney     Vice President, and         50
General Manager and
President - North
America Water Group
Anthony C. Doina      Vice President and          46
General Manager, US
Process
John A. Tomich       General Counsel and         45
Secretary    None of the officers are related and they are elected from year to year or
until their successors are duly elected and qualified.
Mark G. Kachur. Mr. Kachur is the Chairman of the Board of Directors,
President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Mr. Kachur has been a
director of the Company since July 1996. Since joining the Company in 1994,
Mr. Kachur has been a Senior Vice President of Commercial Intertech and
President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company. From 1992 until 1994,
he was President and CEO of Biotage, Inc., from 1971 to 1991, he was with
Pall Corporation, the last seven years as a Group Vice President. He holds a
bachelor of science degree in Mechanical Engineering from Purdue University
and a master degree in Business Administration from the University of
Hartford.
Frederick C. Flynn, Jr. Mr. Flynn is the Senior Vice President -
Finance and Administration, Chief Financial Officer, Controller, and
Assistant Secretary of the Company. Prior to joining CUNO in January 1999,
Mr. Flynn was Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of GE Capital
Information Technology Solutions. From 1989 to 1995 Mr. Flynn was Vice
President and Treasurer of United Technologies Corporation. He holds a
bachelor of science degree in Economics from Boston College and a master
degree in Business Administration from the University of Connecticut.                    11
Thomas J. Hamlin. Mr. Hamlin is the Senior Vice President of Research
and Development. Since joining the Company in 1983, Mr. Hamlin has held a
variety of positions including managerial positions in manufacturing and
plant operations as well as Vice President of Product Development. Mr.
Hamlin holds a bachelor of science degree in Mechanical Engineering from
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute and a master degree in Business
Administration from RPI, Hartford Graduate Center.
Timothy B. Carney. Mr. Carney is the Company Vice President, and General
Manager and President of the North American Water Group. Previous to this, Mr.
Carney served as the Company Controller and effective November 1999, became
Senior Vice President - Finance and Administration of the Company worldwide
Water Group. From 1993 until joining the Company, he served Commercial Intertech
as CUNO Inc. Group Controller and from 1989 until 1993 he served Commercial
Intertech as General Manager and Controller of Water Factory Systems. He holds a
bachelor of science degree in Economics and a master degree in Business
Administration from Youngstown State University.
Anthony C. Doina.  Mr. Doina is the Vice President and General Manager
of the US Process Filtration Division. Since joining the Company in 1994, Mr.
Doina has also served in the capacity of Vice President of Process Sales.
From 1978 until 1994 he was employed by Pall Corporation, serving in a number
of positions in Research and Development, Marketing, and Sales Vice
President of Sales. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Doina had over 16
years of sales experience in the filtration industry. Mr. Doina holds a
bachelor of science degree in Chemistry from the University of Stony Brook.
John A. Tomich. Mr. Tomich is General Counsel and Secretary of the
Company. Before joining CUNO Incorporated after the spin-off from Commercial
Intertech he was Counsel and Assistant Secretary for Commercial Intertech, where
he had been employed since January 1990 and had been involved extensively with
the legal matters affecting CUNO. He holds a bachelor of Engineering degree in
Mechanical Engineering from Youngstown State University and Juris Doctor degree
from the University of Akron, School of Law. He is a licensed patent attorney.
