Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data which, in the case of
Unicom, incorporate portions of Unicom February 19, 1999 Form 8-K Report,
which is incorporated herein by reference, which contain forward-looking
information as described therein, and in the case of ComEd, incorporate
portions of ComEd February 19, 1999 Form 8-K Report, which is incorporated
herein by reference, which contain forward-looking information as described
therein. Management cannot predict the course of future events or anticipate
the interaction of multiple factors beyond management control and their
effect on revenues, project timing and costs. The statements regarding revenue
reductions and collections of future CTC revenues are subject to unforeseen
developments in the market for electricity in Illinois resulting from
regulatory changes. The statements regarding estimated capital expenditures,
estimated return to service of nuclear generation units, decommissioning costs
and cleanup costs are subject to changes in the scope of work and manner in
which the work is performed and consequent changes in the timing and level of
the projected expenditure, and are also subject to changes in laws and
regulations or their interpretation or enforcement. The statements regarding
the estimated return to service of nuclear generating units are subject to the
concurrence of the NRC with proceeding to power operations. Unicom and ComEd
make no commitment to disclose any revisions to the forward-looking
statements, or any facts, events or circumstances after the date hereof that
may bear upon forward-looking statements.
20
Item 2. Properties.
ComEd electric properties are located in Illinois and the Indiana
Company electric facilities are located in Indiana. In management
opinion, ComEd and the Indiana Company operating properties are adequately
maintained and are substantially in good operating condition. The electric
generating, transmission, distribution and general facilities of ComEd and the
Indiana Company represent approximately 58%, 13%, 23% and 6%, respectively, of
their net investment in electric plant and equipment in service after
reflecting the closure of Zion Station and the sales of State Line and Kincaid
Stations. The net investment percentages include the impact of the $30
billion plant impairment recorded in June 1998.
The electric generating stations, substations and a portion of the
transmission rights of way of ComEd and the Indiana Company are owned in fee.
A significant portion of the electric transmission and distribution facilities
is located over or under highways, streets, other public places or property
owned by others, for which permits, grants, easements or licenses, deemed
satisfactory by ComEd, but without examination of underlying land titles, have
been obtained. The principal plants and properties of ComEd are subject to
the lien of ComEd Mortgage dated July 1, 1923, as amended and supplemented,
under which ComEd first mortgage bonds are issued.
The net generating capability of ComEd, as of December 31, 1998, is derived
from the following electric generating facilities:
Net Generating Capability
Station               Location     kilowatts1
Nuclear    Dresden             Near Morris      1,588,000
Quad Cities           Near Cordova      1,183,0002
LaSalle County          Near Seneca      2,156,000
Byron              Near Byron       2,240,000
Braidwood            Near Braidwood     2,240,000
Fossil    Collins             Near Morris      2,698,000
Powerton             Near Pekin       1,538,000
Joliet 6             Near Joliet       314,000
Joliet 7 & 8           Near Joliet      1,044,000
Will County           Near Lockport     1,092,000
Waukegan             Waukegan         789,000
Crawford             Chicago         542,000
Fisk               Chicago         326,000
Fast-Start Peaking Units     Various        1,429,0003
Company owned net non-summer
generating capability                 19,179,000
Deduct--Summer limitations                 544,000
Company owned net summer
generating capability                 18,635,000
Add--Capability under long-term
purchase power agreements                1,598,0004
Net summer generating capability            20,233,000
1 Reflects a re-rating of certain generating stations as of January 1, 1999.
2 Excludes the 25% undivided interest of MidAmerican Energy Company in the
Quad Cities Station.
3 Such generating units are normally designed for use primarily during the
maximum load periods of the year or during system operating emergencies.
Such units are capable of starting and coming on-line quickly.
4 ComEd sold its Kincaid and State Line generating stations in February 1998
and December 1997, respectively. Under the terms of the sales, ComEd
entered into exclusive 15-year purchase power agreements for the output of
the plants.
The net generating capability available for operation at any time may be
less due to regulatory restrictions, fuel restrictions, efficiency of cooling
facilities and generating units being temporarily out of service for
inspection, maintenance, refueling, repairs or modifications required by
regulatory
21
authorities. ComEd highest peak load experienced to date occurred on August
14, 1995 and was 19,212,000 kilowatts; and the highest peak load experienced
to date during a winter season occurred on January 5, 1999 and was 14,222,000
kilowatts. ComEd kilowatthour sales and generation are generally higher,
primarily during the summer periods but also during the winter periods, when
temperature extremes create demand for either summer cooling or winter
heating.
On March 22, 1999, ComEd entered into an Asset Sale Agreement providing for
the sale of substantially all of the assets of its fossil generation business
to EME for a cash purchase price of $4813 billion. See Changes in the
Electric Utility Industry--Fossil Plants Sale Agreement above for additional
information.
Major electric transmission lines owned and in service are as follows:
Voltage                              Circuit
Volts                               Miles
90
2,545
2,755
ComEd electric distribution system includes 39,299 pole line miles of
overhead lines and 38,235 cable miles of underground lines. A total of
approximately 1,353,115 poles are included in ComEd distribution system, of
which about 593,481 poles are owned jointly with telephone companies.
Item 3. Legal Proceedings.
During 1989 and 1991, actions were brought in federal and state courts in
Colorado against ComEd and Cotter seeking unspecified damages and injunctive
relief based on allegations that Cotter has permitted radioactive and other
hazardous material to be released from its mill into areas owned or occupied
by the plaintiffs resulting in property damage and potential adverse health
effects. With respect to Cotter, in 1994 a federal jury returned nominal
dollar verdicts on eight bellwether plaintiffs' claims in the 1989 cases,
which verdicts were upheld on appeal. The remaining claims in the 1989 actions
have been settled and dismissed. On July 15, 1998, a jury verdict was rendered
in Dodge v. Cotter United States District Court for the District of Colorado,
Civil Action No. 91-Z-1861, a case relating to 14 of the plaintiffs in the
1991 cases. The verdict against Cotter included compensatory and punitive
damages totaling approximately $3 million not including prejudgment interest,
which has not yet been calculated, and which Cotter anticipates may bring the
total award to under $6 million, together with medical monitoring. The matter
is currently on appeal. Although the other 1991 cases will necessarily involve
the resolution of numerous contested issues of fact and law, Unicom and
ComEd determination is that these actions will not have a material impact on
their financial position or results of operations.
In July 1995, the Chicago area experienced several consecutive days of
unusually high temperatures coupled with high humidity. Between July 12 and
14, 1995, ComEd experienced record demand for electricity. On July 14, 1995, a
fire in a substation caused a power outage to approximately 40,000 customers.
Other equipment failures in the same general area caused certain of these
customers to be without power for up to 48 hours. In the wake of these power
outages, three class action lawsuits were filed against ComEd seeking recovery
of damages for property losses allegedly suffered. One suit seeks at least $10
million in damages; the other two suits seek unspecified damages. One
individual suit was also filed seeking damages of less than $100,000 for
property losses. ComEd believes it has a meritorious defense to these actions
and intends to vigorously defend. Nonetheless, ComEd may consider settlement
if it appears economically prudent to do so.
ComEd also has several matters pending before various local and state
agencies which pertain to the assessment of Company property for local tax
purposes. ComEd has instituted several proceedings in the courts challenging
adverse determinations by certain of these state and local agencies. All taxes
22
attributable to such determinations have been paid and reflected on the
financial statements of ComEd. ComEd also has appeals pending in applicable
counties concerning property tax assessments for its Braidwood nuclear
generating station. This proceeding seeks refunds and reduced valuations
resulting in lower property taxes for the challenged and subsequent years.
ComEd recently modified an agreement with respect to LaSalle nuclear
generating station that levelled tax rates and tax assessments through 2004,
payable in 2005, and extended the agreement to include all applicable taxing
bodies, thereby avoiding litigation of this issue.
The Montana Department of Revenue has made additional tax assessments on
Decker Coal Company Decker for severance taxes, gross proceeds taxes and
resource indemnity trust taxes covering the years 1993-1995. The amount of
additional taxes assessed, including interest, is approximately $5 million.
Under the terms of a tax and royalty indemnity agreement, ComEd may be
responsible for some or all of these additional taxes and interest, to the
extent they are shown to be payable. ComEd has the right to direct the
challenge of these assessments and may be responsible for the cost of
conducting the defense of Decker from these assessments.
On March 22, 1999, ComEd reached a settlement agreement with the City to end
the arbitration proceeding between ComEd and the City regarding the January 1,
1992 franchise agreement and a supplemental agreement between them. Under the
terms of the settlement agreement, the pending arbitration is to be dismissed
with prejudice and the City is to release ComEd from all claims the City may
have under the supplemental agreement. The settlement agreement is subject to
the approval of the City Council.
As part of the settlement agreement, ComEd and the City have agreed to a
revised combination of ongoing work under the franchise agreement and new
initiatives that will result in defined transmission and distribution
expenditures by ComEd to improve electric service in the City. The settlement
agreement provides that ComEd will be subject to liquidated damages if the
projects are not completed by various dates, unless it is prevented from doing
so by events beyond its reasonable control. In addition, ComEd and the City
have agreed to establish an Energy Reliability and Capacity Account, into
which ComEd would deposit $25 million following the effectiveness of the
settlement agreement and up to $25 million at the end of each of the years
2000, 2001 and 2002, to help ensure an adequate and reliable electric supply
for the City. ComEd current construction budget considers the expenditures
discussed above related to transmission and distribution projects, and
therefore, no changes to that budget are expected. However, ComEd does expect
to record a charge to earnings of approximately $15 million after-tax, in
the first quarter of 1999, primarily related to its obligation to establish
and contribute to the Reliability Account.
The IDR has issued Notices of Tax Liability to ComEd alleging deficiencies
in Illinois invested capital tax payments for the years 1988 through 1996. The
alleged deficiencies including interest and penalties totaled approximately
$45 million as of December 31, 1998. ComEd has protested the notices, and the
matter is currently pending before the IDR Office of Administrative
Hearings. Interest will continue to accrue on the alleged tax deficiencies.
In November and December of 1997, Unicom and its directors were served with
seven shareholder derivative lawsuits in federal and state court. All of the
suits asserted identical claims that the directors breached fiduciary duties
to the shareholders by allegedly failing to properly supervise ComEd nuclear
program. Each plaintiff alleged that this caused ComEd to violate NRC rules,
which has cost ComEd millions of dollars. The plaintiffs sought to have the
directors reimburse ComEd for these costs. The suits have been dismissed
because no demand was made upon ComEd board to pursue a derivative action on
behalf of ComEd, and demand was not excused. In September 1998, the plaintiffs
made such a demand on ComEd board. On October 22, 1998, the board appointed
a special committee to review the merits of the demand. The special committee
is conducting its review and will report its findings to the full board.
Unicom and ComEd preliminary assessment of these claims is that they are
without merit.
23
In October 1997, six ComEd employees, who were formerly located at ComEd
nuclear station in Zion, Illinois, brought federal and state claims against
ComEd alleging that they were relocated and demoted as the result of raising
nuclear safety concerns. They filed an eighteen-count complaint in Cook County
claiming retaliatory demotion, retaliatory constructive discharge and
intentional infliction of emotional distress. They requested reinstatement in
their former positions, back pay, compensatory damages, attorneys' fees and
punitive damages. The aggregate amount of punitive damages requested equals
$180 million. On May 19, 1998, the state court dismissed the state claims in
their entirety. They also filed a claim with the U.S. Department of Labor
under the Energy Reorganization Act. The Department of Labor, OSHA Division,
has issued an investigative finding in favor of the six employees. ComEd has
filed for a full de novo hearing before an Administrative Law Judge and does
not believe that its exposure with respect to these claims is material to
ComEd financial position or results of operations.
On April 28, 1997, Tower Leasing, Inc. Tower and QST Energy, Inc.
QST filed a complaint with the ICC alleging that ComEd violated Illinois
law and its own tariffs by preventing Tower and QST from installing a
cogeneration facility at Sears Tower in Chicago, Illinois and interconnecting
such facility with ComEd system in that building. Tower and QST asked the
ICC to enter an order that would essentially require ComEd to assist in the
implementation of the proposed facility. If Tower and QST are allowed to
pursue the installation and interconnection of their proposed facility, ComEd
could lose customers providing up to approximately $10 million in annual
revenues. ComEd does not believe that it is obligated to allow Tower and QST
to implement their proposed facility. ComEd also believes that the proposed
facility would degrade reliability of service to Sears Tower and would be
inconsistent with Illinois law. The ICC issued an order dismissing the
complaint and denying the relief requested by Tower. Tower petition for
rehearing was denied on July 10th. In August 1998, Tower and QST appealed the
ICC decision to the state appellate court. No decision is expected before
the third quarter of 1999. ComEd believes that the ICC order will be upheld
on appeal.
On November 14, 1997, the CHA filed an application with the FERC, seeking to
require ComEd to provide transmission service to some of CHA buildings so
that those buildings may take electric service from an alternate electric
supplier. ComEd maintains that the CHA is a retail customer ineligible for
transmission service. ComEd and the CHA have asked the FERC to hold
proceedings in abeyance pending the outcome of settlement negotiations. On
September 10, 1998, Prairieland Energy, Inc. Prairieland filed an
application with the FERC, seeking to require ComEd to transmit power and
energy on behalf of Prairieland to the Chicago campus of its parent, the
University of Illinois. ComEd protested the filing because the application
either seeks prohibited retail wheeling or seeks approval of a sham wholesale
transaction between Prairieland and its parent. On December 28, 1998, the FERC
issued an order denying Prairieland application. Should either of these
proceedings be resolved adversely to ComEd, ComEd could lose substantial
revenue. This revenue loss may be offset, however, by a stranded cost
obligation the CHA and the University of Illinois would owe ComEd under FERC
Order No. 888.
In June 1997, Torco Energy Marketing, Inc. filed an action against ComEd in
the Circuit Court of Cook County, Illinois, alleging that ComEd tortiously
interfered with Torco proposed arrangement between Torco and Sargent & Lundy
LLC. Torco claims that, but for actions by ComEd, Sargent & Lundy would have
paid Torco $20 million to purchase a portion of the equity in Torco, and that
the venture would have had revenues of $26 billion. ComEd is vigorously
defending this matter. One count of the complaint has been dismissed. ComEd
intends to file a motion for summary judgment at the appropriate time.
On April 18, 1996, a ComEd truck driver struck a car that had slowed or
stopped to make a turn. The company truck pushed this car into oncoming
traffic causing a head-on collision with a third vehicle. The driver of this
third vehicle suffered extensive injuries resulting in numerous surgical
24
procedures. The plaintiff, who is wheelchair bound, and the plaintiff spouse
have made a combined demand of $55 million upon ComEd. Insurance coverage
above ComEd $5 million self-insured retention should be available. The case
is currently scheduled for trial on May 17, 1999 in the Circuit Court of Cook
County, Illinois.
See Item 1. Business, subcaptions Rate Matters and Regulation above,
for information concerning other legal proceedings.
Item 1.   2
2
Changes in the Electric Utility   2
Construction   7
Rate   8
Fuel   9
10
15
15
16
Executive Officers of the  17
Operating  19
Year 2000  20
Market  20
Forward-Looking  20
Item 2.  21
Item 3. Market for Registrant Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters.
ComEd securities and other securities guaranteed by ComEd are currently
rated by three principal securities rating agencies as follows:
Standard Duff &
Moody & Poor Phelps
First mortgage and secured pollution control bonds.  Baa2   BBB   BBB
Publicly-held debentures and unsecured pollution
control   Baa3   BBB-  BBB-
Convertible preferred   baa3   BB+   BBB-
Preference   baa3   BB+   BBB-
Trust   baa3   BB+   BBB-
Commercial   P-2   A-2   D-2
ComEd Funding Trust securities are currently rated by three principal
securities rating agencies as follows:
Standard Duff &
Moody & Poors Phelps
Transitional trust   Aaa   AAA   AAA
As of March 1999, S current rating outlook on ComEd securities is
Positive. In March 1999, S placed ComEd securities on CreditWatch with
positive implications and Duff & Phelps placed ComEd securities on Rating
Watch-Up. Also, in March 1999, Moody rating outlook on ComEd securities
changed from Stable to Positive.
In February 1999, S revised the general ratings scale for evaluating
preferred and preference stock issues of corporations. As a result of this
change in scale, ratings on ComEd preferred and preference stocks, and Trust
Securities were lowered in February 1999.
On April 1, 1998, S issued a rating on Unicom senior debt obligations of
BBB-. Ratings have not been obtained from Moody or Duff & Phelps.
The above ratings reflect only the views of such rating agencies and each
rating should be evaluated independently from any other rating. Generally,
rating agencies base their ratings on information furnished to them by the
issuing company and on investigations, studies and assumptions by the rating
agencies. There is no assurance that any particular rating will continue for
any given period of time or that it will not be changed or withdrawn entirely
if, in the judgment of the rating agency, circumstances so warrant. Such
ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities.
25
The following is a brief summary of the meanings of the above ratings and
the relative rank of the above ratings within each rating agency
classification system.
Moody top four long-term debt ratings Aaa, Aa, A and Baa are generally
considered investment grade. Obligations rated Baa are considered as medium
grade obligations, neither highly protected nor poorly secured. Such
obligations lack outstanding investment characteristics and in fact have
speculative characteristics. A numerical modifier in Moody system shows
relative standing within the principal rating category, with 1 indicating the
high end of that category, 2 the mid-range and 3 the low end. S top four
bond ratings AAA, AA, A and BBB are generally considered to describe
obligations in which investment characteristics predominate. Obligations rated
BBB are regarded as having an adequate capacity to pay interest and repay
principal. Such obligations normally exhibit adequate protection parameters,
but adverse economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to
lead to weakened capacity to pay. A plus or minus sign in S system shows
relative standing within its rating categories.
Both S and Moody preferred stock ratings represent relative security of
dividends. Moody top four preferred stock ratings aaa, aa, a and baa are
generally considered investment grade. Moody baa rating describes a
medium grade preferred stock, neither highly protected nor poorly secured.
S top four preferred stock ratings AAA, AA, A and BBB are generally
considered investment grade. S BBB rating applies to medium grade
preferred stock which is below A sound and above BB lower grade.
Duff & Phelps' credit rating scale has 17 alphabetical categories, of which
ratings AAA through BBB with AAA being the highest rating represent
investment grade securities. Ratings of BBB+, BBB and BBB- represent the
lowest category of investment grade rating. This category describes
securities with below average protection factors but which are considered
sufficient for institutional investment. Considerable variability in risk
occurs during economic cycles.
Moody P-2 rating of commercial paper is the second highest of three
possible ratings. P-2 describes a strong capacity for repayment of short-term
promissory obligations. S rates commercial paper in four basic categories
with A-2 being the second highest category. Duff & Phelps rates commercial
paper in three basic categories, with D-2 indicating the middle category.
Further explanations of the significance of ratings may be obtained from the
rating agencies.
Additional information required by Item 1.   2
2
Changes in the Electric Utility   2
Construction   7
Rate   8
Fuel   9
10
15
15
16
Executive Officers of the  17
Operating  19
Year 2000  20
Market  20
Forward-Looking  20
Item 2.  21
Item 3. Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations.
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.
The information required by Items 6, 7 and 8 is incorporated herein by
reference to the Summary of Selected Consolidated Financial Data on page 4,
Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations on pages 5 through 23, and the audited consolidated financial
statements and notes thereto on pages 25 through 59 of Unicom February 19,
1999 Form
8-K Report. Reference is also made to Item 1.   2
2
Changes in the Electric Utility   2
Construction   7
Rate   8
Fuel   9
10
15
15
16
Executive Officers of the  17
Operating  19
Year 2000  20
Market  20
Forward-Looking  20
Item 2.  21
Item 3. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
Financial Disclosure.
None.
26
PART III
Item 1.   2
2
Changes in the Electric Utility   2
Construction   7
Rate   8
Fuel   9
10
15
15
16
Executive Officers of the  17
Operating  19
Year 2000  20
Market  20
Forward-Looking  20
Item 2.  21
Item 3 relating to directors and nominees for
election as directors at Unicom Annual Meeting of shareholders to be held on
May 25, 1999 is incorporated herein by reference to the information under the
heading Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management in
Unicom definitive Proxy Statement 1999 Proxy Statement to be filed with
the SEC prior to April 30, 1999, pursuant to Regulation 14A under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The information required by 