Item8.
Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data   Nuance
Communications, Inc. Consolidated Financial Statements   
46   NUANCE
COMMUNICATIONS, INC.
INDEX TO
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   	
Page   Reports of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm   48   Consolidated Balance Sheets   51   Consolidated Statements of Operations   52   Consolidated Statements of Stockholders
Equity and Comprehensive Loss   53   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   54   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   55   
47 Table of Contents   REPORT OF
INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   Board of Directors and Stockholders   Nuance Communications, Inc.   Burlington, Massachusetts   We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of
Nuance Communications, Inc. the Company as of
September30, 2008 and 2007, and the related consolidated
statements of operations, stockholders equity and
comprehensive loss, and cash flows for each of the three years
in the period ended September30, 2008. These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Companys
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
financial statements based on our audits.   We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.   In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred
to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of Nuance Communications, Inc. at September30,
2008 and 2007, and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for each of the three years in the period ended
September30, 2008, in conformity with U.S.generally
accepted accounting principles.   As described in note19 of the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements, the Company adopted Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No158, Employers
Accounting for Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement
Plans An amendment of FASB Statements No87,
88, 106 and 132R, effective September30, 2007.
Also, as described in note20 of the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements, the Company adopted the provisions of
Financial Accounting Standards Board Interpretation
FIN 48, Accounting for Uncertainty in Income
Taxes an Interpretation of FASB Statement
No109 effective October1, 2007.   We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States,
Nuance Communications, Inc.s internal control over
financial reporting as of September30, 2008, based on
criteria established in Internal Control Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
the Treadway Commission the COSO Criteria, and our report
dated December1, 2008 expressed an unqualified opinion
thereon.   /s/BDO
SEIDMAN, LLP   BDO Seidman, LLP   Boston, Massachusetts   December1, 2008   
48 Table of Contents   REPORT OF
INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   Board of Directors and Shareholders
Nuance Communications, Inc.
Burlington, Massachusetts   We have audited Nuance Communication Inc.s internal
control over financial reporting as of September30, 2008,
based on criteria established in Internal Control
Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission the COSO criteria.
Nuance Communications, Inc.s management is responsible for
maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting
and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control
over financial reporting, included in the accompanying
