ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
The financial statements and supplementary data required by this Item are
included in the Consolidated Financial Statements set forth on pages F-1 through
F-15, attached hereto and found following the signature page of this Report.
Item 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS
None.
Item 4A. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
Set forth below is certain information with respect to the executive
officers of the Company.            NAME              AGE          POSITION
Harold A.   53   President and Chief Executive Officer
Michael M.   40   Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
Secretary and Treasurer
Deborah D.   45   Vice President -- Eastern Region
Taylor V.   45   Vice President -- Western Region
Cherie M.   42   Vice President -- Central Region
William H. Van   42   Vice President -- Marketing
Kathryn C.   49   Vice President -- Human Resources   Six of the executive officers of the Company have held the positions with
the Company set forth above since the Company incorporation in November 1995.
Kathryn C. Peel was appointed as an executive officer in August 1997. Cherie M.
King was appointed as an executive officer in January 1999. In addition, each
has served in the following positions   Harold A. Lewis has been the President and Chief Executive Officer and a
director of Childtime Childcare, Inc. since August 1991. From 1990 to 1991, he
was Chief Operating Officer International Operations of U.S. Travel Systems,
Inc., a national, multi-unit travel company headquartered in Rockville,
Maryland. From 1989 to 1990, Mr. Lewis was Chief Operating Officer of U.S.
Travel Systems, Inc. Mr. Lewis' previous experience includes 14 years with The
Dun & Bradstreet Corporation in New York, including as President of one of its
subsidiaries, Thomas Cook Travel USA, a national multi-unit travel company. Mr.
Lewis serves on the Dean Executive Council at the Frank G. Zarb School of
Business at Hofstra University. Mr. Lewis holds an MBA from New York University.
Michael M. Yeager has served as Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and
Treasurer of Childtime Childcare, Inc. since April 1991. From 1987 until he
joined the Company, Mr. Yeager held various executive level positions, including
Chief Financial Officer and Director of International Operations and Regional
Controller, for Domino Pizza Distribution Corporation, located in Ann Arbor,
Michigan, a multi-unit food manufacturer and distributor. Mr. Yeager, a
certified public accountant, has a BA from Albion College.
Deborah D. Ludwig has been the Vice President-Eastern Region of Childtime
Childcare, Inc. since June 1992 and served as Executive Vice President and
General Manager of Childtime Childcare, Inc. from July 1990 to June 1992. Ms.
Ludwig also served as a director of Childtime Childcare, Inc. from July 1990
until November 1995. She has a 25-year career in child care with the Company and
its predecessor, GCC. Ms. Ludwig has an Associates Degree from Mott Community
College in Early Childhood Development and a BA from the University of Michigan.
Taylor V. Ward has been the Vice President-Western Region of Childtime
Childcare, Inc. since June 1992. From 1982 until joining the Company, Ms. Ward
served as a District Manager for KinderCare Learning Centers in the Texas,
California and Nevada areas. Ms. Ward holds degrees in Accounting from Wichita
State University and in Early Childhood Development from Southwest Texas State
University, and she has substantially completed her course work for a Masters of
Science in Communications from Southwest Texas State University.
Cherie M. King has been the Vice President-Central Region of Childtime
Childcare, Inc. since January 1999. Ms. King served as an Area Manager for
Childtime from August 1993 to her present promotion where she covered areas from
Oklahoma to Texas and was instrumental in growing the two states from 12 centers
to 54 centers. During her 22-year career in child care, she has also worked as a
Director of several centers achieving NAEYC Accreditation, as a District Manager
for Kids At Work where she developed and
20
21
opened corporate child care centers, and as a District Manager for KinderCare
Learning Centers in Arizona. Ms. King educational background is in business
and sociology, with a BA to be completed in the near future.
William H. Van Huis has been the Vice President of Marketing of Childtime
Childcare, Inc. since November 1990. In addition to supervising the marketing
and advertising of the Company centers, Mr. Van Huis is also responsible for
developing employer-sponsored child care locations. From 1986 to 1990, Mr. Van
Huis was National Marketing Manager for Ziebart International Corporation/TKD
North America, an automotive aftermarket firm located in Troy, Michigan. He
holds a BA from Michigan State University.
Kathryn C. Peel has been the Vice President of Human Resources of Childtime
Childcare, Inc. since April 1997. She joined Childtime in May 1993 as Director
of Human Resources. From 1989 to 1993, Ms. Peel was Director of Corporate Human
Resource Services for Mercy Health Services in Michigan. From 1984 to 1989 she
was Assistant Administrator at Egleston Hospital for Children in Atlanta,
Georgia. She has 20 years experience in human resources and communications. She
holds a BS in Journalism from The George Washington University and an MS in
Human Resources from Troy State University.
Additional information required by this Item will be contained in the 1999
Proxy Statement of the Company under the caption, Election of Directors, and
is incorporated herein by reference.
