Item8.
Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data   The consolidated financial statements, related notes thereto and
financial statement schedule required by this item are set forth
beginning on
pageF-1
at the end of this report. Supplementary financial information
regarding quarterly financial information required by this item
is set forth under the caption Quarterly Results of
Operations in Item7
Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations.   Item1   Business   3   Item1A   Risk Factors   19   Item1B   Unresolved Staff Comments   33   Item2   Properties   33   Item3   Legal Proceedings   33   Item4   Removed and Reserved   33   PARTII   Item5.
Controls
and Procedures   Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the
participation of our management, including our Chief Executive
Officer, Joseph Y. Liu, and Chief Financial Officer, Shirley
Yin, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our
disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period
covered in this report. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our
disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that
information required to be disclosed by Oplink in reports that
it files under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time
periods specified in the SECs rules and forms.   Managements
Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting   Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over our financial reporting. A
companys internal control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide   
58 Table of Contents   reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles.   There are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any
system of internal control, including the possibility of human
error and the circumvention or overriding of controls.
Accordingly, even effective internal controls can provide only
reasonable assurances with respect to financial statement
preparation. Further, because of changes in conditions, the
effectiveness of internal control may vary over time.   Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting as of June30, 2010. In
making this assessment, our management used the criteria set
forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations COSO of the
Treadway Commission in Internal Control
Integrated Framework. Based on its assessment using those
criteria, our management concluded that, as of June30,
2010, our internal control over financial reporting is effective.   The effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting as of June30, 2010, has been audited by Burr
Pilger Mayer, Inc., an independent registered public accounting
firm, as stated in their report appearing below.   Changes
in Internal Controls   There were no changes in our internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during the year covered by this report
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.   
59 Table of Contents   REPORT OF
INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of   Oplink Communications, Inc.   We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of
Oplink Communications, Inc. and its subsidiaries the
Company as of June30, 2010, based on criteria
established in Internal Control Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO. The
Companys management is responsible for maintaining
effective internal control over financial reporting and for its
assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over
financial reporting included in the accompanying
Managements Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Companys internal control over
financial reporting based on our audit.   We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control
over financial reporting was maintained in all material
respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of
internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk
that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the
design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on
the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we
considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our
audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.   A companys internal control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. A companys
internal control over financial reporting includes those
policies and procedures that 1pertain to the maintenance
of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
company; 2provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of
management and directors of the company; and 3provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
companys assets that could have a material effect on the
financial statements.   Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over
financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.   In our opinion, Oplink Communications, Inc. and its subsidiaries
maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control
over financial reporting as of June30, 2010, based on the
COSO criteria.   We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the
consolidated balance sheets of Oplink Communications, Inc. and
its subsidiaries as of June30, 2010 and 2009 and the
related consolidated statements of operations,
stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three
years in the period ended June30, 2010 and the related
financial statement schedule and our report dated
September9, 2010 expressed an unqualified opinion on those
consolidated financial statements and the related financial
statement schedule.   /s/ Burr Pilger Mayer, Inc.   SanJose, California   September9, 2010   
60 Table of Contents   
Item1   Business   3   Item1A   Risk Factors   19   Item1B   Unresolved Staff Comments   33   Item2   Properties   33   Item3   Legal Proceedings   33   Item4   Removed and Reserved   33   PARTII   Item5.
Directors
and Executive Officers and Corporate Governance   The information required by this item is incorporated by
reference to the information set forth in the subsection
entitled Information Concerning the Nominees and
Continuing Directors in the section entitled
Election of Directors, and in the subsections
entitled Committees of the Board of Directors,
Compensation of Directors, Consideration of
Director Nominees and Section16a Beneficial
Ownership Reporting Compliance in the section entitled
Corporate Governance and Information Regarding the Board
and its Committees in the proxy statement for our 2010
Annual Meeting of Stockholders the 2010 Proxy
Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120days
after June27, 2010, the end of our fiscal year.
Information regarding our executive officers and directors is
also included Item1   Business   3   Item1A   Risk Factors   19   Item1B   Unresolved Staff Comments   33   Item2   Properties   33   Item3   Legal Proceedings   33   Item4   Removed and Reserved   33   PARTII   Item5.
Executive
Compensation   The information required by this item is incorporated by
reference to the information set forth in the section of our
2010 Proxy Statement entitled Executive Compensation.   
