ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.
The financial statements and supplementary data required by this item are
set forth at the end of this annual report on Form 10-K beginning on page F-1.
Item 1.    1
Item 2.    10
Item 3.  Legal   10
Item 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.  10
PART II
Item 5.  Market for Registrant Common Equity and Related       11
Stockholder 
Item 6. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT.
Diedrich Coffee directors, executive officers and other key employees,
and their ages as of January 27, 1999, are as follows:
NAME     AGE             POSITIONS HELD
John E. Martin. 53   Chairman of the Board and Director
Timothy J. Ryan. 59   President, and Chief Executive Officer and Director
Martin R.      40   Vice Chairman of the Board, Secretary, Chief Coffee Officer
Diedrich.     and Director
Peter Churm. 73   Director
Lawrence Goelman. 58   Director
Paul C. Heeschen. 42   Director
Ann Wride. 37   Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Dolf Berle. 36   Vice President of Franchise Development and Operations
Catherine Saar. 39   Vice President of Marketing and Wholesale Sales
19
22
The principal occupation for the last five years of each director and
executive officer of Diedrich Coffee, as well as some other information, is set
forth below.
JOHN E. MARTIN was appointed Chairman of the Board of Directors by the
board of directors as of November 17, 1997. From 1983 to 1996, Mr. Martin was
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Taco Bell Worldwide. From October 1996
to June 1997, Mr. Martin was Chairman of PepsiCo Casual Dining Division. Mr.
Martin is also Chairman of publicly held Easyriders, Inc., a publishing company,
and Chairman of Culinary Adventures, a privately held company which owns and
operates several restaurants in Southern California. Mr. Martin serves on the
board of directors of: Williams Sonoma, Inc., Franchise Mortgage Acceptance
Company and The Good Guys! Inc.
MARTIN R. DIEDRICH has served as an officer and director of Diedrich Coffee
since 1985. In April 1997, he became Vice Chairman of the Board and Chief Coffee
Officer as well as continuing as Diedrich Coffee Corporate Secretary. Prior to
that time, Mr. Diedrich served as Director of Coffee. In addition, he served as
Chairman of the Board from January 1996 to April 1997. Mr. Diedrich is an
internationally recognized specialty coffee expert who is a frequent speaker at
industry and trade association functions.
TIMOTHY J. RYAN was appointed as President and Chief Executive Officer by
the board of directors effective November 1997. From December 1995 until his
retirement in December 1996, Mr. Ryan was president of Sizzler U.S.A., a
division of Sizzler International, Inc. of which he was also Senior Vice
President. From November 1988 to December 1993, Mr. Ryan was Senior Vice
President of Marketing at Taco Bell Worldwide, and from December 1993 to
December 1995, he was Senior Vice President of Taco Bell Casual Dining
Division.
PETER CHURM joined the board of directors in October 1996. He has been
Chairman Emeritus of Furon Company since 1992. He served as Chairman of the
Board of Furon Company from May 1980 through February 1992 and was President of
that company for more than sixteen years prior to that time. He is presently a
member of the boards of directors of Furon Company and CKE Restaurants, Inc.
LAWRENCE GOELMAN was the interim Chief Executive Officer of Diedrich Coffee
from March 1997 to November 1997 and has served as a member of the board of
directors since October 1996. He assumed the position of Chairman of the Board
in March 1997 until he was replaced by John E. Martin on November 17, 1997. Most
recently, Mr. Goelman served as President and Chief Executive Officer of
Pinnacle Micro, Inc. from May 1996 to December 1996. Mr. Goelman has also been a
managing partner of Tremont Partners, Inc. since June 1995. Prior to that, he
served as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of CostCare, Inc. for
fourteen years. Mr. Goelman also currently serves as a director of Imagyn
Medical Technologies, Inc.
PAUL C. HEESCHEN became a director of Diedrich Coffee in January 1996. For
the past five years, Mr. Heeschen has been a principal of Heeschen & Associates,
a private investment firm. He is also the sole general partner of D.C.H., L.P.
and Redwood Enterprises VII, L.P., and a trustee of the Palm Trust, each of
which are stockholders of Diedrich Coffee.
ANN WRIDE joined Diedrich Coffee in April 1998 as Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer. Previously, Ms. Wride was Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer of Advantica Restaurant Group Inc. Coco/Carrows Division from May
1996 to March 1998. Prior to joining Advantica, Ms. Wride served as Vice
President, Finance of Family Restaurants Inc. where she worked in various
capacities since 1989.
DOLF A. BERLE was appointed Vice President of Franchise Development in May
1998. In addition, Mr. Berle assumed the additional responsibility of Company
Operations in June 1998. Prior to joining Diedrich Coffee, Mr. Berle was Senior
Director of Operations for Pepsi Restaurants International from July 1997 to May
1998. From September 1996 to June 1997 Mr. Berle was Director of Operations for
Taco Bell International. Before joining the international division, Mr. Berle
served as Market Manager for Taco Bell in Nashville, Tennessee between June 1994
and August 1996.
CATHERINE A. SAAR was appointed Vice President of Marketing and Wholesale
Sales in July 1998. Ms. Saar was Vice President Marketing and Merchandising for
Frame-N-Lens from January 1998 to June
20
23
1998. From May 1993 to December 1997, Ms. Saar was Director of Corporate
Marketing for Smart and Final, Inc. Prior to this, Ms. Saar held various
marketing positions at Taco Bell Corporation.
BOARD COMMITTEES AND MEETINGS
Diedrich Coffee board of directors has standing compensation and audit
committees. We do not have a standing nominating committee. Instead, the board
of directors acts as a committee of the whole with respect to nominations for
membership on the board. The members of each committee and the functions
performed thereby are described below:
Audit Committee. The audit committee of the board currently consists of Mr.
Churm, Mr. Heeschen and Mr. Goelman, each of whom have been a member of the
audit committee since its formation. The audit committee reviews the results and
scope of the audit and other services provided by our independent auditors,
reviews and evaluates our internal control functions and monitors transactions
between Diedrich Coffee and its employees, officers and directors.
Compensation Committee. The compensation committee of the board consists of
Messrs. Churm, Goelman and Heeschen. The compensation committee administers our
stock option plans and sets compensation levels for our executive officers.
During our fiscal year ended January 27, 1999, there were five meetings of
the board of directors, one meeting of the audit committee and one meeting of
the compensation committee. While a director, each of the current board members
attended 100% of the meetings of the board of directors and meetings of the
committees on which he served during such period.
DIRECTORS' COMPENSATION
Directors who are also employees of Diedrich Coffee receive no extra
compensation for their service on the board. Non-employee directors receive
reimbursement for out-of-pocket expenses incurred in attending board meetings
and receive stock option grants under our 1996 Non-Employee Directors Stock
Option Plan.
Under our non-employee directors plan, each non-employee director
automatically receives, upon becoming a director, a one-time grant of an option
to purchase up to 10,000 shares of Diedrich Coffee common stock. These initial
options will vest and become exercisable with respect to 50% of the underlying
shares upon the earlier of 1 the first anniversary of the grant date or 2
immediately before the first annual meeting of stockholders following the grant
date, if the recipient has remained a non-employee director for the entire
period from the grant date to such earlier date, and with respect to the
remaining 50% of the underlying shares upon the earlier of 1 the second
anniversary of the grant date or 2 immediately before the second annual
meeting of stockholders following the grant date, if the recipient has remained
a non-employee director for the entire period from the grant date to such
earlier date. In addition to an initial grant, each non-employee director will
also receive, upon re-election to the board, an automatic grant of an option to
purchase up to 5,000 additional shares of our common stock. These additional
options will vest and become exercisable upon the earlier of 1 the first
anniversary of the grant date or 2 immediately before the annual meeting of
stockholders following the grant date, if the recipient has remained a
non-employee director for the entire period from the grant date to such earlier
date.
All non-employee director options have a term of ten years and an exercise
price equal to the fair market value of Diedrich Coffee common stock on the date
of grant. The non-employee directors plan provides that the exercise price may
be paid by company loan or withholding of underlying stock, or deferred until
completion of broker-assisted exercise and sale transactions. Vesting of
non-employee director options accelerates if the recipient of the option ceases
to be a director of Diedrich Coffee in connection with a change-in-control.
During the fiscal year ended January 27, 1999, options to purchase an aggregate
of 15,000 shares of our common stock were issued to non-employee directors
according to the terms of the non-employee directors plan.
21
24
SECTION 16a BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE
Under the securities laws of the United States, the directors and officers
of Diedrich Coffee and persons who own more than 10% of our equity securities
are required to report their initial ownership of our equity securities and any
subsequent changes in that ownership to the Commission and the Nasdaq National
Market. Specific due dates for these reports have been established, and we are
required to disclose in this document any late filings during the fiscal year
ended January 27, 1999. To our knowledge, based solely on our review of the
copies of such reports required to be furnished to the company during the fiscal
year ended January 27, 1999, all of these reports were timely filed.
