ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
The
following consolidated financial statements of the Company and the independent
registered public accounting firms reports set forth on pages 42 to 72 in the
2007 Annual Report to Stockholders are incorporated herein by
reference:
Managements
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting.
Report of
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.
Report of
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.
Consolidated
Results of Operations for each of the three years in the period ended December
31, 2007.
Consolidated
Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2007 and 2006.
Consolidated
Cash Flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
2007.
Consolidated
Changes in Stockholders Equity for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2007.
Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements.
Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF
COMMENTS 
There
were no unresolved comments from the SEC staff at the time of filing of this
Form 10-K.
Item 2. CONTROLS AND
PROCEDURES 
a The
Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the
participation of the Companys Disclosure Committee and the Companys
management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial
Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Companys
disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15e and 15d-15e
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as of December 31, 2007.In
conducting managements evaluation as described above, DES Operations Limited,
Prime Measurement Products, Paradigm Services, LP, and Filtra-Systems Company,
all acquired during 2007, were excluded. These operations, which are included in
the 2007 consolidated financial statements of the Company, constituted less than
5% of the Companys consolidated revenues, income before income taxes and total
assets as of and for the year ended December 31, 2007. Based upon that
evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer
concluded that the Companys disclosure controls and procedures were effective
as of December 31, 2007 to ensure that information required to be disclosed by
the Company that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the
SECs rules and forms and that information required to be disclosed in the
reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange
Act is accumulated and communicated to the Companys management, including its
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
18
Table of
Contents
b
Managements Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting - The report of
management of the Company regarding internal control over financial reporting is
set forth in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the
caption Managements Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting and
incorporated herein by reference.
c
Attestation Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - The
attestation report of the Companys independent registered public accounting
firm regarding internal control over financial reporting is set forth in Part
II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the caption Report of
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and incorporated herein by
reference.
d
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were no changes
made in the Companys internal control over financial reporting during the
fourth quarter of 2007 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, the Companys internal control over financial
reporting.
Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF
COMMENTS 
There
were no unresolved comments from the SEC staff at the time of filing of this
Form 10-K.
Item 2. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Information
regarding Section 16a compliance, the Audit Committee, the Companys Code of
Business Ethics and Ethics for Directors, shareholder nominating procedures and
background of the directors appearing under the captions Section 16a
Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance, Corporate Governance and Board of
Directors Matters, and Security Ownership of Management in the Companys
Proxy Statement for the 2008 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is incorporated
herein by reference.
The
Registrant has adopted a code of ethics that applies to all employees, including
its principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal
accounting officer and its Board of Directors. A copy of the code of ethics is
available on the Registrants Internet website at www.c-a-m.com and is available
in print to any shareholder free of charge upon request. The Registrant intends
to satisfy the disclosure requirements under Item 10 of Form 8-K regarding an
amendment to, or a waiver from, a provision of its code of ethics that applies
to its principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal
accounting officer or persons performing similar functions, by posting such
information on its website at the address set forth above.
The
information under the heading Executive Officers of the Registrant in Part I,
Item 1 of this Form 10-K is incorporated by reference in this
section.
Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF
COMMENTS 
There
were no unresolved comments from the SEC staff at the time of filing of this
Form 10-K.
Item 2 shall be
included in the Proxy Statement to be filed relating to our 2008 Annual Meeting
of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference.
