Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
The Company  consolidated  financial statements,  accounting policy
disclosures, notes to financial statements, business segment information,
unaudited quarterly information and independent auditors' report are presented
on pages 51 through 81 of the Annual Report. All such information is
incorporated herein by reference.                    -11 Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
No matters were submitted for a vote of security holders during the
fourth quarter of 2001.
PART II
Item 5. Directors and Executive Officers of the Company
Directors of the Company
Information as to the names, ages, positions and offices with Denbury,
terms of office, periods of service, business experience during the past five
years and certain other directorships held by each director or person nominated
to become a director of Denbury will be set forth in the Election of Directors
segment of the Proxy Statement Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of
Shareholders to be held May 22, 2002, Annual Meeting and is incorporated
herein by reference.
Executive Officers of the Company
Information concerning the executive officers of Denbury will be set forth
in the Management section of the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting and is
incorporated herein by reference.
Section 16a Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance
Section 16a of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules
thereunder require the Company executive officers and directors, and persons
who beneficially own more than ten percent 10% of a registered class of the
Company equity securities, to file reports of ownership and changes in
ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission and exchanges and to
furnish the Company with copies. Based solely on its review of the copies of
such forms received by it, or written representations from such persons, the
Company is not aware of any person who failed to file any reports required by
Section 16a to be filed for fiscal 2001. The Company is aware of delinquent
filings on behalf of three officers and directors that will be disclosed in the
Company Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
