ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.
The consolidated financial statements of RT called for by this Item 8,
together with the report thereon of the independent accountants dated February
19, 1997, are set forth under the captions Report of Independent Accountants
and Statement of Accounting and Financial Policies and Business Description
as well as in all consolidated financial statements and schedules of the
Company and the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in RT Annual
Report to Stockholders for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1996, and are
hereby incorporated by reference herein. The financial statement schedules
listed under Item 14a2 of this Report on Form 10-K, together with the report
thereon of the independent accountants dated February 19, 1997, should be read
in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements. Financial statement
schedules not included in this Report on Form 10-K have been omitted because
they are not applicable or because the information called for is shown in the
consolidated financial statements or notes thereto.
Consolidated quarterly sales, earnings and per share common stock
information for 1995 and 1996 are set forth under the caption Summary by
Quarter in RT Annual Report to Stockholders for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 1996, and are hereby incorporated by reference herein.
Item 9. DISAGREEMENTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.
None.
PART III
Item 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT.
The information called for by this Item 10 with respect to directors of RT
will be set forth under the caption Election of Directors in RT definitive
Proxy Statement which will be furnished to stockholders in connection with the
Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on May 28, 1997, and is hereby
incorporated by reference herein. The information called for with respect to
executive officers of RT is included in Part I of this Report on Form 10-K
under the caption Executive Officers of Registrant.
10
