ITEM 8.Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.Index to Financial StatementsPageFinancial StatementsReport of Independent Registered Certified Public Accounting Firm39Report of Independent Registered Certified Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting40Consolidated Balance Sheets41Consolidated Income Statements42Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity43Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows44Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements45All schedules and exhibits not included are not applicable, not required or would contain information which is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto38Table of ContentsIndex to Financial StatementsReport of Independent Registered Public Accounting FirmThe Board of Directors and Shareholders of ScanSource, Inc.We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of ScanSource, Inc. and subsidiaries as of June30, 2012and 2011, and the related Consolidated Statements of Income, Shareholders Equity, and Cash Flows for each of the three years in the period ended June30, 2012. Our audits also included the financial statement schedule listed in a. These financial statements and schedule are the responsibility of the Companys management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and schedule based on our audits.We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of ScanSource, Inc. and subsidiaries at June30, 2012and 2011, and the consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June30, 2012, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly in all material respects the information set forth therein.We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, ScanSource, Inc.s internal control over financial reporting as of June30, 2012, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated August24, 2012expressed an unqualified opinion thereon./s/ Ernst Young LLPGreenville, South CarolinaAugust24, 201239Table of ContentsIndex to Financial StatementsReport of Independent Registered Public Accounting FirmThe Board of Directors and Shareholders of ScanSource, Inc.We have audited ScanSource, Inc. and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting as of June30, 2012, based on criteria established in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission the COSO criteria. ScanSource, Inc. and subsidiaries management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Managements Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Companys internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.A companys internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A companys internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that 1pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 2provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 3provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the companys assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.In our opinion, ScanSource, Inc. and subsidiaries maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of June30, 2012, based on the COSO criteria.We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the consolidated balance sheets of ScanSource, Inc. and subsidiaries as of June30, 2012and 2011, and the related consolidated statements of income, shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June30, 2012of ScanSource, Inc. and subsidiaries and our report dated August24, 2012expressed an unqualified opinion thereon./s/ Ernst Young LLPGreenville, South CarolinaAugust24, 201240Table of ContentsIndex to Financial StatementsScanSource, Inc. and SubsidiariesConsolidated Balance Sheetsin thousands, except for share informationJune30, 2012June30, 2011AssetsCurrent assets:Cash and cash  receivable, less allowance of $27,349 at June30, 2012and $26,562 at June30,  expenses and other assets41,84635,421Deferred income taxes14,62415,894Total current  and equipment,  assets, including identifiable intangible assets67,20676,765Total  and Shareholders EquityCurrent liabilities:Short-term borrowings$4,268$3,164Current portion of contingent  payable419,683406,453Accrued expenses and other liabilities67,77660,157Income taxes payable1,6985,175Total current  debt5,42930,429Borrowings under revolving credit facility26,513Long-term portion of contingent  long-term liabilities33,98839,109Total  and contingenciesShareholders equity:Preferred stock, no par value; 3,000,000 shares authorized, none issuedCommon stock, no par value; 45,000,000 shares authorized, 27,604,840 and 27,109,932 shares issued and outstanding at June30, 2012 and June30, 2011,   other comprehensive loss income21,6913,629Total shareholders equity652,311587,394Total liabilities and shareholders equity$1,201,806$1,182,188See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements41Table of ContentsIndex to Financial StatementsScanSource, Inc. and SubsidiariesConsolidated Income StatementsYears Ended June30, 2012, 2011, and 2010in thousands, except for per share information201220112010Net  of goods   general and administrative  in fair value of contingent     expense income, net3,55271250Income before income  for income taxes36,92338,36326,929Net  share data:Net income per common share,  shares outstanding, basic27,36226,87226,605Net income per common share,  shares outstanding, diluted27,75127,24626,869See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements42Table of ContentsIndex to Financial StatementsScanSource, Inc. and SubsidiariesConsolidated Statements of Shareholders EquityYears Ended June30, 2012, 2011, and 2010in thousands, except for share  LossTotalBalance at June 30,  Income:Net income48,81248,812Unrealized gain on hedged transaction, net of tax of $85148148Foreign currency translation  comprehensive income33,915Exercise of stock options and shares issued under share-based compensation plans, net of shares withheld for employee taxes137,1681,0951,095Share based compensation6,1686,168Tax benefit of deductible compensation arising from exercise or vesting of share based payment arrangements227227Balance at June 30,  Income:Net income73,52373,523Unrealized gain on hedged transaction, net of tax of $272468468Foreign currency translation adjustment14,89514,895Total comprehensive income88,886Exercise of stock options and shares issued under share-based compensation plans, net of shares withheld for employee taxes406,8946,3736,373Share based compensation5,0815,081Tax benefit of deductible compensation arising from exercise or vesting of share based payment arrangements203203Balance at June 30,  Income:Net income74,28874,288Unrealized gain on hedged transaction, net of tax of $76139139Foreign currency translation  comprehensive income48,968Exercise of stock options and shares issued under share-based compensation plans, net of shares withheld for employee taxes494,9087,6427,642Share based compensation7,0047,004Tax benefit of deductible compensation arising from exercise or vesting of share based payment arrangements1,3031,303Balance at June 30,  accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements43Table of ContentsIndex to Financial StatementsScanSource, Inc. and SubsidiariesConsolidated Statements of Cash FlowsYears Ended June30, 2012, 2011, and 2010in thousands201220112010Cash flows from operating activities:Net  to reconcile net income to net cash provided by used in operating activities:Depreciation and  for accounts and notes  compensation and restricted stock6,8404,8776,065Deferred income  tax benefits from share-based payment  in fair value of contingent consideration120128Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions:Accounts  expenses and other assets4,10317,392884Other noncurrent   expenses and other  taxes payable2804,8284,486Net cash provided by used in operating  flows from investing activities:Capital  paid for business acquisitions, net of cash acquired36,2289,994Net cash provided by used in investing  flows from financing activities:Increases decreases in short-term borrowings, net1,3451,706Borrowings repayments on revolving credit, net of  repayments on long-term debt25,000Contingent consideration payments2,000Exercise of stock options7,6426,3721,095Excess tax benefits from share-based payment arrangements1,720203227Net cash provided by used in financing  of exchange rate changes on cash and cash  decrease in cash and cash  and cash equivalents at beginning of period28,74734,605127,664Cash and cash equivalents at end of  disclosure of cash flow information:Interest paid during the year$1,578$1,705$1,391Income taxes paid during the year$46,057$43,233$23,210See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements44Table of ContentsIndex to Financial StatementsSCANSOURCE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial StatementsJune30, 20121Business and Summary of Significant Accounting PoliciesBusiness DescriptionScanSource, Inc. and its subsidiaries the Company is a leading wholesale distributor of specialty technology products, providing value-added distribution sales to resellers in the specialty technology markets. The Company has twogeographic distribution segments: the North American distribution segment serving the United States and Canada from the Southaven, Mississippi distribution center, and an international segment currently serving Latin America and Europe from distribution centers located in Florida, Mexico and Brazil, and in Belgium, respectively. The North American distribution segment markets automatic identification and data capture AIDC and point-of-sale POS products through its ScanSourcePOS and Barcoding sales unit; voice, data and converged communications equipment through its Catalyst Telecomsales unit; video conferencing, telephony, and communications products through its ScanSourceCommunications unit; and electronic security products and wireless infrastructure products through its ScanSourceSecurity Distribution unit. The international distribution segment markets AIDC, POS, communications and security products through its ScanSourceLatin America sales unit; AIDC and POS products through its ScanSourceEurope sales unit; and communication products through its ScanSourceCommunications sales unit in Europe.On April15, 2011, the Company purchased all of the shares of CDC Brasil S.A. CDC, formerly known as CDC Brasil Distribuidora LTDA. CDC, the leading POS and Barcoding distributor in Brazil, is now included under the ScanSourceLatin America operating unit.Consolidation PolicyThe consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company. All significant inter-company accounts and transactions have been eliminated.Use of EstimatesThe preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. On an ongoing basis, management evaluates its estimates, including those related to the allowance for uncollectible accounts receivable and inventory reserves. Management bases its estimates on assumptions that management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form a basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily available from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions; however, management believes that its estimates, including those for the above described items, are reasonable and that the actual results will not vary significantly from the estimated amounts.The following significant accounting policies relate to the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements:a Allowances for Trade and Notes ReceivableThe Company maintains an allowance for uncollectible accounts receivable for estimated losses resulting from customers failure to make payments on accounts receivable due to the Company45Table of ContentsIndex to Financial StatementsSCANSOURCE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial StatementsContinuedJune 30, 2012Management determines the estimate of the allowance for uncollectible accounts receivable by considering a number of factors, including: 1historical experience, 2aging of the accounts receivable and 3specific information obtained by the Company on the financial condition and the current creditworthiness of its customers. If the financial condition of the Companys customers were to deteriorate and reduce the ability of the Companys customers to make payments on their accounts, the Company may be required to increase its allowance by recording additional bad debt expense. Likewise, should the financial condition of the Companys customers improve and result in payments or settlements of previously reserved amounts, the Company may be required to record a reduction in bad debt expense to reverse the recorded allowance. A provision for estimated returns and allowances and associated losses is recorded and based on historical experience.b Inventory ReservesManagement determines the inventory reserves required to reduce inventories to the lower of cost or market based principally on the effects of technological changes, quantities of goods on hand, and other factors. An estimate is made of the market value, less cost to dispose, of products whose value is determined to be impaired. If these products are ultimately sold at less than estimated amounts, additional reserves may be required. The estimates used to calculate these reserves are applied consistently. The adjustments are recorded in the period in which the loss of utility of the inventory occurs, which establishes a new cost basis for the inventory. This new cost basis is maintained until such time that the reserved inventory is disposed of, returned to the vendor or sold. To the extent that specifically reserved inventory is sold, cost of goods sold is expensed for the new cost basis of the inventory sold.ReclassificationsCertain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Cash and Cash EquivalentsThe Company considers all highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company maintains some zero-balance, disbursement accounts at various financial institutions in which the Company does not maintain significant depository relationships. Due to the nature of the Companys banking relationships with these institutions, the Company does not have the right to offset most if not all outstanding checks written from these accounts against cash on hand. Checks released but not yet cleared from these accounts in the amounts of $482 millionand $736 millionare classified to accounts payable as of June30, 2012and June30, 2011, respectively.The Company maintains its cash with various financial institutions globally that are monitored regularly for credit quality. At times, such investments may be in excess of FDIC or other federally insured limits.Concentration of Credit RiskThe Company sells its products to a large base of value-added resellers throughout North America, Latin America and Europe. The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers financial condition. In certain cases, the Company will accept tangible assets as collateral to increase the trade credit of its customers. No single customer accounted for more than 6%of the Companys net sales for fiscal 2012, 2011, or 2010.The Company has established arrangements with certain customers for longer term financing. The Company accounts for these arrangements by recording them at their historical cost less specific allowances at balance sheet dates. Interest income is recognized in the period earned and is recorded as interest income in the Consolidated Income Statement46Table of ContentsIndex to Financial StatementsSCANSOURCE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial StatementsContinuedJune 30, 2012Derivative Financial InstrumentsThe Company uses derivative instruments to manage certain exposures related to foreign currency as well as changes in interest rates as a result of our borrowing activities. We record all derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities in the balance sheet at fair value. The Company currently does not use derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes.The Companys foreign currency exposure results from purchasing and selling internationally in several foreign currencies. In addition, the Company has foreign currency risk related to debt that is denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. The Company may reduce its exposure to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates by creating offsetting positions through the use of derivative financial instruments or multi-currency borrowings. The market risk related to the foreign exchange agreements is offset by changes in the valuation of the underlying items. Derivative financial instruments related to foreign currency exposure are accounted for on an accrual basis with gains or losses on these contracts recorded in income in the period in which their value changes, with the offsetting entry for unsettled positions reflected in either other assets or other liabilities. These contracts are generally for a duration of 90days or less. The Company has elected not to designate its foreign currency contracts as hedging instruments. They are, therefore, marked-to-market with changes in their fair value recorded in the Consolidated Income Statement each period. The Company foreign currencies are denominated primarily by British pounds, euros, Mexican pesos, Brazilian real and Canadian dollars.During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2008, the Company entered into an interest rate swap and designated this instrument as a hedge of the cash flows on certain variable rate debt. The interest rate swap matured on September 28, 2011 of the current fiscal year. To the extent the derivative instrument was effective in offsetting the variability of the hedged cash flows, changes in the fair value of the derivative instrument were not included in current earnings, but were reported as other comprehensive income loss. There was no ineffective portion to be recorded as an adjustment to earnings.  There have been no other interest rate swap agreements executed in fiscal year June30, 2012.InvestmentsThe Company has investments that are held in a grantor trust formed by the Company related to the ScanSource, Inc. Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan and Founders Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan SERP. The Company has classified these investments as trading securities, and they are recorded at fair market value with unrealized gains and losses included in the accompanying Consolidated Income Statements. The Companys obligations under this deferred compensation plan change in concert with the performance of the investments along with contributions and withdrawals to and from the plan. The fair value of these investments and the corresponding deferred compensation obligation was $116 millionand $129 millionas of June30, 2012and June30, 2011, respectively. These investments are classified as either current assets or other non-current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets depending on the timing of planned disbursements. The deferred compensation obligation is classified either within current liabilities or other long-term liabilities as well. The amounts of these investments classified as current assets with corresponding current liabilities were $12 millionand $31 millionat June30, 2012and June30, 2011, respectively. InventoriesInventories consisting entirely of finished goods are stated at the lower of cost first-in, first-out method or market47Table of ContentsIndex to Financial StatementsSCANSOURCE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial StatementsContinuedJune 30, 2012Vendor ProgramsThe Company receives incentives from vendors related to cooperative advertising allowances, volume rebates and other incentive agreements. These incentives are generally under quarterly, semi-annual or annual agreements with the vendors. Some of these incentives are negotiated on an ad hoc basis to support specific programs mutually developed between the Company and the vendor. Vendors generally require that we use their cooperative advertising allowances exclusively for advertising or other marketing programs. Incentives received from vendors for specifically identified incremental cooperative advertising programs are recorded as adjustments to selling, general and administrative expenses. The Financial Accounting Standards Boards FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 605 Revenue Recognition, addresses accounting by a customer including a reseller for certain consideration received from a vendor. This guidance requires that the portion of these vendor funds in excess of our costs be reflected as a reduction of inventory. Such funds are recognized as a reduction of the cost of products sold when the related inventory is sold.The Company records unrestricted volume rebates received as a reduction of inventory and as a reduction of the cost of goods sold when the related inventory is sold. Amounts received or receivables from vendors that are not yet earned are deferred in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. In addition, the Company may receive early payment discounts from certain vendors. The Company records early payment discounts received as a reduction of inventory and recognizes the discount as a reduction of cost of goods sold when the related inventory is sold. ASC 605 requires management to make certain estimates of the amounts of vendor incentives that will be received. Actual recognition of the vendor consideration may vary from management estimates based on actual results.Vendor ConcentrationThe Company sells products from many suppliers, however, sales from products supplied by Motorola and Avaya each constituted more than 10%of the Companys net sales for years ended June30, 2012, 2011and 2010, respectively.Product WarrantyThe Companys vendors generally provide a warranty on the products distributed by the Company and allow the Company to return defective products, including those that have been returned to the Company by its customers. In two of our product lines, the Company offers a self-branded warranty program, in which Management has determined that the Company is the primary obligor of these programs. The Company purchases contracts from unrelated third parties, generally the original equipment manufacturers, to fulfill any obligation to service or replace defective product claimed on these warranty programs. As such, the Company has not recorded a provision for estimated service warranty costs. For all other product lines, the Company does not independently provide a warranty on the products it distributes; however, to maintain customer relations, the Company facilitates returns of defective products from the Companys customers by accepting for exchange, with the Companys prior approval, most defective products within 30days of invoicing.Property and EquipmentProperty and equipment are recorded at cost. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over estimated useful lives of 3to 10years for furniture, equipment and computer software, 40years for buildings and 15years for building improvements. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the lease term or the estimated useful life. Maintenance, repairs and minor renewals are charged to expense as incurred. Additions, major renewals and betterments to property and equipment are capitalized. In fiscal 2010, the Company began the design and development of a new Enterprise Resource Planning System ERP. The compensation costs of employees associated with this process are capitalized to the construction in process asset related to this project.To the extent that the Company has longstanding, in-process projects that have not been implemented for their intended operational use, the Company capitalizes the portion of interest expense incurred during the asset acquisition period that theoretically could have been avoided in accordance with ASC 835. The amount capitalized is determined by applying the appropriate capitalization rate to the average amount of accumulated expenditures for the asset during the reporting period. The capitalization rate used is based on the rates applicable to borrowings outstanding during the reporting period. Currently, the Company is capitalizing interest expense to its only significant, in-process asset recorded for the new ERP system discussed in the Management, Discussion and Analysissection of this Form 10-K and in Note 348Table of ContentsIndex to Financial StatementsSCANSOURCE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial StatementsContinuedJune 30, 2012GoodwillThe Company accounts for recorded goodwill in accordance with ASC 350, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, which requires that goodwill is reviewed annually for impairment or more frequently if impairment indicators exist.Goodwill testing utilizes a two-step impairment analysis, whereby the Company compares the carrying value of each identified reporting unit to its fair value. The carrying value of goodwill is reviewed at a reporting unit level at least annually for impairment, or more frequently if impairment indicators exist. Our goodwill reporting units are our North America segment and, in our international segment, various components one-level below. The fair values of the reporting units are estimated using the net present value of discounted cash flows generated by each reporting unit. Considerable judgment is necessary in estimating future cash flows, discount rates and other factors affecting the estimated fair value of the reporting units, including the operating and macroeconomic factors. Historical financial information, internal plans and projections, and industry information is used in making such estimates. In the two-step impairment analysis, goodwill is first tested for impairment by comparing the fair value of the reporting unit with the reporting unit carrying amount to identify any potential impairment. If fair value is determined to be less than carrying value, a second step is used whereby the implied fair value of the reporting unit goodwill, determined through a hypothetical purchase price allocation, is compared with the carrying amount of the reporting units' goodwill. If the implied fair value of the reporting unit goodwill is less than its carrying amount, an impairment charge is recorded in current earnings for the difference. We also assess the recoverability of goodwill if facts and circumstances indicate goodwill may be impaired. In our most recent annual test, we estimated the fair value of our reporting units primarily based on the income approach utilizing the discounted cash flow method. We also utilized fair value estimates derived from the market approach utilizing the public company market multiple method to validate the results of the discounted cash flow method, which required us to make assumptions about the applicability of those multiples to our reporting units. The discounted cash flow method required us to estimate future cash flows and discount those amounts to present value. The key assumptions utilized in determining fair value included:Industry weighted-average cost of capital WACC: We utilized a WACC relative to each reporting unit respective geography and industry as the discount rate for estimated future cash flows. The WACC is intended to represent a rate of return that would be expected by a market place participant in each respective geography. Operating income: We utilized historical and expected revenue growth rates, gross margins and operating expense percentages, which varied based on the projections of each reporting unit being evaluated.Cash flows from working capital changes: We utilized a projected cash flow impact pertaining to expected changes in working capital as each of our goodwill reporting units grow.See Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for more information regarding goodwill.Intangible AssetsIntangible assets consist of customer relationships, debt issuance costs, trade names, distributor agreements and non-compete agreements. Customer relationships and distributor agreements are amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives, which range from 5to 15years. Debt issuance costs are amortized over the term of the credit facility.Trade names are amortized over a period ranging from 1to 2years. Non-compete agreements are amortized over their contract life. These assets are included in other assets and are shown in detail in Note 5, Goodwill and Other Identifiable Intangible Assets49Table of ContentsIndex to Financial StatementsSCANSOURCE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial StatementsContinuedJune 30, 2012Impairment of Long-Lived AssetsThe Company reviews its long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset or asset group may not be recoverable. Tests for recoverability of a long-lived asset to be held and used are measured by comparing the carrying amount of the long-lived asset to the sum of the estimated future discounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. In estimating the future discounted cash flows we use projections of cash flows directly associated with, and which are expected to arise as a direct result of, the use and eventual disposition of the assets. If it is determined that a long-lived asset is not recoverable, an impairment loss would be calculated equal to the excess of the carrying amount of the long-lived asset over its fair value. The Company did not record any material impairment charges for the fiscal years ended June30, 2012, 2011and 2010.Fair Value of Financial InstrumentsThe fair value of financial instruments is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties. The carrying values of financial instruments such as accounts receivable, accounts payable, accrued liabilities, borrowings under the revolving credit facility and subsidiary lines of credit approximate fair value based upon either short maturities or variable interest rates of these instruments. For additional information related to the fair value of derivatives, please see Note 8, Fair Value of Financial Instruments.Liability for Contingent ConsiderationIn addition to the initial cash consideration paid to former CDC shareholders, the Company is obligated to make additional earnout payments based on future results through fiscal year 2015 based on a multiple of the subsidiarys pro forma net income as defined in Exhibit 21.b2 of the Share Purchase and Sale Agreement by and among the Companys Brazilian subsidiary, the former shareholders and CDC, dated April 7, 2011. Future payments are to be paid in Brazilian currency, the real. The Company made its first payment in January 2012 to the former shareholders of $20 million. The next payment is anticipated to be made on August31, 2012 based on the pro forma results of the twelve month period ended June30, 2012. The remaining earnout payments will become payable in threeadditional installments on August31, 2013 and 2014 with the final payment on October31, 2015. In accordance with ASC Topic 805, the Company determined the fair value of this liability for contingent consideration on the acquisition date using a discounted cash flow model following the income approach. Each period the Company reflects the contingent consideration liability at fair value with changes recorded in the change in fair value of contingent consideration line item in the Consolidated Income Statements.ContingenciesThe Company accrues for contingent obligations, including estimated legal costs, when it is probable that a liability is incurred and the amount is reasonably estimable. As facts concerning contingencies become known, management reassesses its position and makes appropriate adjustments to the financial statements. Estimates that are particularly sensitive to future changes include tax, legal, and other regulatory matters, which are subject to change as events evolve, and as additional information becomes available during the administrative and litigation process.Revenue RecognitionRevenue is recognized once four criteria are met: 1 the Company must have persuasive evidence that an arrangement exists; 2delivery must occur this includes the transfer of both title and risk of loss, provided that no significant obligations remain; 3 the price must be fixed and determinable; and 4collectability must be reasonably assured. The Company allows its customers to return product for exchange or credit subject to certain limitations. A provision for estimated losses on returns is recorded based on historical experience50Table of ContentsIndex to Financial StatementsSCANSOURCE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial StatementsContinuedJune 30, 2012Service revenue associated with configuration and marketing services is recognized when the work is complete and the four criteria discussed above have been substantially met. The Company also distributes third-party service contracts, typically for product maintenance and support. Since the Company acts as an agent on behalf of most of these service contracts sold, revenue is recognized net of cost at the time of sale. However, the Company distributes some self-branded warranty programs and engages a third party generally the original equipment manufacturer to cover the fulfillment of any obligations arising from these contracts. These revenues and associated third party costs are amortized over the life of the contract and presented in net sales and cost of goods sold, respectively. Other service revenue associated with configuration, marketing, service contracts and other services approximates 2%or less of consolidated net sales for fiscal years 2012, 2011and 2010.During the fiscal years ended June30, 2012, 2011and 2010, the Company has not engaged in any sales transactions involving multiple element arrangements. Had any arrangements with multiple deliverables occurred, the Company would follow the guidance set forth in ASC 605.Shipping Revenue and CostsShipping revenue is included in net sales, and related costs are included in cost of goods sold. Shipping revenue for the years ended June30, 2012, 2011and 2010was $122 million, $115 millionand $102 million, respectively.Advertising CostsThe Company defers advertising-related costs until the advertising is first run in trade or other publications, or in the case of brochures, until the brochures are printed and available for distribution. Advertising costs, included in marketing costs, after vendor reimbursement, were not significant in any of the three fiscal years ended June30, 2012. Deferred advertising costs at June30, 2012and 2011were also not significant.Foreign CurrencyThe currency effects of translating the financial statements of the Companys foreign entities that operate in their local currency are included in the cumulative currency translation adjustment component of accumulated other comprehensive income or loss. The Company functional currencies include dollars, euros, British pounds and Brazilian real. The assets and liabilities of these foreign entities are translated into U.S. dollars using the exchange rate at the end of the respective period. Sales, costs and expenses are translated at average exchange rates effective during the respective period. Foreign currency transactional and re-measurement gains and losses are included in other expense income in the consolidated income statement. Such amounts are not significant to any of the periods presented.Income TaxesIncome taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred income taxes reflect tax consequences on future years of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting amounts. Valuation allowances are provided against deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that an asset will not be realized in accordance with ASC 740, Accounting for Income Taxes.Federal income taxes are not assessed on the undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries because it has been the practice of the Company to reinvest those earnings in the business outside the United States. See Note 11 for further discussion.Additionally, the Company maintains reserves for uncertain tax provisions in accordance with ASC 740. See Note 11 for more information51Table of ContentsIndex to Financial StatementsSCANSOURCE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial StatementsContinuedJune 30, 2012Share-Based PaymentsThe Company accounts for share-based compensation using the provisions of ASC 718, Accounting for Stock Compensation, which requires the recognition of the fair value of share-based compensation. Share-based compensation is estimated at the grant date based on the fair value of the awards, in accordance with the provisions of ASC 718. Since this compensation cost is based on awards ultimately expected to vest, it has been reduced for estimated forfeitures. ASC 718 requires forfeitures to be estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. The Company has elected to expense grants of awards with graded vesting on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for each separately vesting portion of the award.Comprehensive IncomeASC 220, Comprehensive Income, defines comprehensive income as the change in equity net assets of a business enterprise during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources. The primary components of comprehensive income for the Company include net income, foreign currency translation adjustments arising from the consolidation of the Companys foreign subsidiaries, and any unrealized gains or losses on effectively hedged transactions, net of tax. Currently, the Company is not engaged in any fair value of cash flow hedges that qualify for comprehensive income treatment.Business CombinationsThe Company accounts for business combinations in accordance with ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations. ASC 805 establishes principles and requirements for recognizing the total consideration transferred to and the assets acquired, liabilities assumed and any non-controlling interest in the acquired target in a business combination. ASC 805 also provides guidance for recognizing and measuring goodwill acquired in a business combination and requires the acquirer to disclose information that users may need to evaluate and understand the financial impact of the business combination. See Note 4 for further discussion.Recent Accounting PronouncementsIn May 2011, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standard Update ASU 2011-04, Amendments to Achieve Common Fair Value Measurement and Disclosure Requirements in U.S. GAAP and IFRS. The amendments in this update are the result of the work of the FASB and the International Accounting Standards Board IASB to develop common requirements for measuring fair value and for disclosing information about fair value measurements. The amendment became effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2011, which was the interim period ended March 31, 2012 for the Company. This amendment has had no impact on the Company consolidated financial statements.In June 2011, the FASB issued ASU 2011-05, Presentation of Comprehensive Income. The objective of this update is to improve the comparability, consistency and transparency of financial reporting and to increase the prominence of items reported in other comprehensive income. The update will become effective for fiscal years, and the interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2011, which will be fiscal 2013 for the Company. The update will eliminate the option to present components of other comprehensive income as part of the statement of changes in stockholders' equity, which is the Company current practice, and will require companies to present all nonowner changes in stockholders' equity either in a single continuous statement of comprehensive income or in two separate but consecutive statements. The Company is currently determining which method of presentation will be used in future filings.In September 2011, the FASB issued ASU 2011-08, Testing Goodwill for Impairment. The objective of this update is to simplify how entities, both public and nonpublic, test goodwill for impairment. The amendments in the update permit an entity to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test described in Topic 350. The more likely than not threshold is defined as having a likelihood of more than 50 percent. This amendment is effective for annual and interim goodwill impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2011, which will be fiscal 2013 for the Company. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently assessing the future impact of this ASU on its consolidated financial statements52Table of ContentsIndex to Financial StatementsSCANSOURCE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial StatementsContinuedJune 30, 2012In December 2011, the FASB issued ASU 2011-11, Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities. The objective of this update is to converge the differences in U.S. GAAP and IFRS in disclosures regarding offsetting netting assets and liabilities in the presentation of financial statements. This amendment will enhance disclosures required by U.S. GAAP by requiring improved information about financial instruments and derivative instruments that are either 1 offset in accordance with either Section 210-20-45 or Section 815-10-45 or 2 subject to an enforceable master netting arrangement or similar agreement. The Company currently does not offset any financial instruments or derivatives and is currently assessing the future impact of this ASU on its consolidated financial statements.In July 2012, the FASB issued ASU 2012-02, Testing Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets for Impairment. The objective of this update is to simplify how entities, both public and nonpublic, test indefinite-lived intangible assets other than goodwill. This amendment allows companies to first assess qualitative factors of impairment of all indefinite-lived intangible assets, similar to the provisions in ASU 2011-08. The Company currently does not have any indefinite-lived intangible assets, other than goodwill and is currently assessing the future impact of this ASU on its consolidated financial statements2Earnings per ShareBasic earnings per share are computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per share are computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of common and potential common shares outstanding.Fiscal Year Ended June  Year Ended June30, 2012:Net  shares,  effect of share-based  shares, diluted27,75127,24626,869Net income per common share, basic$272$274$183Net income per common share, diluted$268$270$182For the years ended June30, 2012, 2011and 2010, there were 583,000, 947,000and 1,208,000weighted average shares, respectively, excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share because their effect would have been antidilutive53Table of ContentsIndex to Financial Statements3Property and EquipmentProperty and equipment is comprised of the following:June30,20122011in  and leasehold  software and  fixtures and  in  accumulated  the fiscal year ended June30, 2012, the increase in gross fixed assets from the prior year is largely related to capital expenditures for a new global ERP system that is currently under development. In addition, the Company acquired fixed assets related to various office renovations and new leasehold improvements.Depreciation expense was $35 million, $37 million, and $41 million, respectively, for the fiscal years ended 2012, 2011, and 20104AcquisitionsAlgol Europe,GmbHOn November30, 2009, the Company acquired substantially all of the assets and certain liabilities of Algol Europe, GmbH Algol. Algol, now a part of ScanSourceCommunications in the international distribution segment, is a value-added distributor of specialty technologies, including voice, data, and video communication products located in Cologne, Germany. This acquisition significantly expanded the footprint of the ScanSourceCommunications sales unit outside of the United Kingdom and is part of the Companys strategy to become a pan-European distributor of communication products. The purchase price of this acquisition was allocated to the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values on the transaction date, resulting in goodwill and identifiable intangible assets related to non-compete agreements, distributor agreements and customer relationships as of November30, 2009. These amounts were recorded in the international segment. All professional fees and other costs associated with the acquisition of Algols assets were expensed as incurred. The purchase price, identified intangibles and goodwill as of the acquisition date were as  thousandsAlgol Europe, GmbH$9,965$712$2,287CDC Brasil S.A.On April15, 2011, the Company completed its acquisition of 100%of the shares of CDC, formerly known as CDC Brasil Distribuidora LTDA, Brazils leading distributor of AIDC and POS solutions. This acquisition gives the Company an established presence in Latin Americas largest specialty technology market and allows the Company to more easily scale its Latin American operations54Table of ContentsIndex to Financial StatementsSCANSOURCE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial StatementsContinuedJune 30, 2012Under the Share Purchase and Sale Agreement, the Company structured the purchase transaction as an all cash share purchase with an initial payment of $362 million, net of cash acquired, and assumed working capital payables and debt at closing. The remaining purchase price will be paid in annual cash installments based upon the financial performance of CDC for the twelve month periods ended on June30 from 2011 through 2015. As of June30, 2012, there are fourremaining earnout payments to be made to the former shareholders. Please see Note 8, Fair Value of Financial Instrumentsfor further information regarding the fair value accounting for this contingent consideration. In fiscal 2012 and 2011, the Company incurred $03 millionand $11 million, respectively, of acquisition-related costs, primarily for professional fees incurred for due diligence, legal advice and tax planning. These costs are included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the Company consolidated income statement. During the third quarter of this fiscal year, the Company finalized the purchase accounting for the CDC acquisition. The Company has elected to record all purchase accounting adjustments in the current year as opposed to the retrospective application set forth in ASC 805. Management has determined that retrospective application is immaterial to the users of the Company financial statements. The adjustments made during the year pertain to the finalization of the purchase price allocation to the fair value of customer relationships, pre-acquisition contingency liabilities and corresponding indemnification assets and deferred income taxes. These adjustments are summarized in the following table:As of April 15, 2011Preliminary Purchase AllocationPurchase Accounting AdjustmentsRevised Purchase AllocationConsiderationin thousandsInitial cash payment, net of cash acquired$36,228$$36,228Fair value of earnout obligation23,95223,952Total  amounts of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumedAccounts receivable, net of  expenses and other assets3,5753,575Current deferred income taxes,  and equipment, net1,7411,741Intangible  pre-acquisition contingencies    expenses and other  taxes  pre-acquisition contingencies  deferred income taxes, net3,1413,141Other long-term liabilities177177Total identifiable net  of ContentsIndex to Financial StatementsSCANSOURCE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial StatementsContinuedJune 30, 2012All measurement period adjustments are presented as of the acquisition date. The Company used a combination of the market, cost and income approaches to estimate the fair values of the CDCs assets acquired and liabilities assumed.The revised purchase price allocated to the fair value of identified intangible assets associated with the acquisition of CDC after the finalization of purchase accounting is as follows:AmountIdentified intangible assetsinthousandsTrade names 2 year useful life$2,746Customer relationships 6 year useful life18,965Non-compete agreements 5 year useful life894Total identified intangible assets$22,605In the current year, the Company recorded incremental amortization expense to catch up accumulated amortization for the additional purchase price allocated to customer relationships as of March 31, 2012, when purchase accounting was finalized. The weighted average amortization period for these identified intangible assets after purchase accounting adjustments, other than goodwill, is 5years. Additionally, the Company adjusted the useful life for CDC customer relationships from 7years to 6years. The impact of the incremental amortization and related income tax effect recorded in the third quarter of this fiscal year is summarized in the following table:June 30, 2012in thousandsConsolidated income statementAmortization expense$441Provision for income taxes$150During the Company due diligence for the CDC acquisition, several pre-acquisition contingencies were identified regarding various Brazilian federal and state tax exposures.  The Company is able to record indemnification receivables that are reported gross of the pre-acquisition contingency liabilities as they were escrowed in the Share Purchase and Sale Agreement. As part of the initial payment, the sellers placed $255 millioninto a special and exclusive bank account to be released according to the specifications of the Share Purchase and Sale Agreement to provide for potential indemnification liabilities. However, indemnity claims can be made up to the entire purchase price, which includes the initial payment and all future earnout payments. During fiscal 2012, the Company and former shareholders released $53 millionfrom the escrow account for the settlement of a pre-acquisition contingency and $25 millionwas released to the sellers, leaving $129 million, after the impact of foreign currency translation, available for future pre-acquisition contingency settlements or to be released to the sellers. The table below summarizes the balances and line item presentation of these pre-acquisition contingencies and corresponding indemnification receivables in the Company consolidated balance sheet: 56Table of ContentsIndex to Financial StatementsSCANSOURCE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial StatementsContinuedJune 30, 2012June 30, 2012June 30, 2011April 15, 2011in thousandsAssetsPrepaid expenses and other assets current$3,886$$Other assets  current liabilities$3,886$$Other long-term  change in classification and amounts of the pre-acquisition contingencies is due to the finalization of purchase accounting in the third quarter of the current fiscal year, foreign currency translation on a weaker Brazilian real against the U.S. dollar and the expiration of the statute of limitations for one of the identified pre-acquisition contingencies. The Company finalized its quantitative assessments for various state and federal tax exposures and identified the statute of limitations for these exposures in determining the appropriate classification. The amount of reasonably possible undiscounted pre-acquisition contingencies as of June 30, 2012 is estimated to range as high as $124 millionat this time, of which all exposures are indemnifiable under the Share Purchase and Sale Agreement.In fiscal year 2011, CDC contributed net sales of approximately $296 millionand net income of $07 millionfor the period of April 15, 2011 to June 30, 2011. CDC net income for the period included approximately $01 millionof acquisition-related costs as well as $07 millionof incremental amortization expense related to identified intangible assets.The following unaudited pro forma summary presents consolidated information of the Company as if the business combination had occurred on July1, 2009, based on the final purchase price allocation as adjusted in fiscal 2012 for the additional purchase price allocated to CDC customer  Supplemental Pro Forma Informationin thousand, exceptper share informationNet sales$2,786,905$2,247,721Net income$75,328$52,450Diluted earnings per share$276$195These pro forma amounts have been calculated after applying the Companys accounting policies and adjusting CDCs results to reflect the additional amortization that would have been recorded assuming the fair value of the identified intangibles had been recorded as of July1, 2009, adjusted for purchase accounting adjustments made during the measurement period. Also, the pro forma amounts reflect the acquisition-related costs incurred by the Company of approximately $03 millionand $11 millionin fiscal years 2012 and 2011, respectively, as if incurred in fiscal year 20105Goodwill and Other Identifiable Intangible AssetsIn accordance with ASC 350, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other, the Company performs its annual goodwill impairment test at the end of each fiscal year, or whenever indicators of impairment are present. This testing includes the determination of each reporting unit fair value using a discounted cash flows model compared to each reporting unit carrying value. The reporting units utilized for goodwill impairment tests are North America segment and, in our International segment, various components that are a level below. 57Table of ContentsIndex to Financial StatementsSCANSOURCE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial StatementsContinuedJune 30, 2012During fiscal years 2012, 2011and 2010, noimpairment charges related to goodwill were recorded. However, as of the latest annual goodwill impairment test, the estimated fair value of the Company Brazilian goodwill reporting unit exceeded its carrying value by a smaller margin than the Company other goodwill reporting units. The Brazilian operations were only recently acquired, resulting in a carrying value that approximates its fair value. The carrying value of the Brazilian goodwill asset as of June 30, 2012 was $198 million. The estimated fair value of the Brazilian goodwill reporting unit exceeded its carrying value by 7%in the most recent annual impairment test. The increase in sensitivity to the Brazilian goodwill reporting unit is driven largely by the general macroeconomic environment and lower expectations for future results in this unit. Key assumptions used in determining fair value include projected growth and operating margin, working capital requirements and discount rates. While the Company does not believe that this goodwill reporting unit is impaired at this time, if the Company is not able to achieve its projected operating margins within the expected working capital requirements and/or there are unfavorable changes to the discount rate, a future impairment of goodwill is at least reasonably possible.Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the years ended June30, 2012and 2011, by reporting segment, are as  thousandsBalance as of June 30,  acquired during 201124,64324,643Fluctuations in foreign currencies662662Balance as of June 30, 201120,08139,00959,090CDC measurement period adjustments914914Fluctuations in foreign  as of June 30,  the fiscal year ended June30, 2012, the Company goodwill balances increased due to the finalization of purchase accounting for CDC from measurement period adjustments. For further information regarding CDC purchase accounting adjustments, please see Note 4, Acquisitions. The remaining change in the goodwill balance is due to foreign currency translation.During the fiscal year ended June30, 2011, the Companys goodwill balances increased due to the acquisition of CDC in April, 2011. The goodwill recognized in conjunction with the CDC acquisition is attributable to the depth and breadth of services that it can provide to Latin Americas largest economy, its vast geographical reach beyond that of other distributors in Brazil and its large, specialty product mix that is atypical for the region. The Company expects all of the goodwill acquired with CDC to be deductible for Brazilian tax purposes. The following table shows the Companys identifiable intangible assets as of June30, 2012and 2011, respectively. These balances are included on the consolidated balance sheet within other assets:58Table of ContentsIndex to Financial StatementsSCANSOURCE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial StatementsContinuedJune 30, 2012June30, 2012June30,  thousandsAmortized intangible assets:Customer  issue     of ContentsIndex to Financial StatementsSCANSOURCE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial StatementsContinuedJune 30, 2012In fiscal 2012, the Company incurred 14 millionin debt issuance costs related to the negotiation and execution of the new credit facility see note 6. In addition, during the re-measurement period for the valuation of CDC Brasil, the Company determined that the economic life for customer relationships should be reduced from 7years to 6years. The Company cumulatively adjusted all amortization so that the asset reflects the accumulated amortization of a 6year life from the date of purchase in the first quarter of fiscal 2012. Upon receipt of the final valuation of identifiable intangible assets, the value of CDC customer relationships were increased by $43 millionin the third quarter of fiscal 2012. Amortization expense was cumulatively adjusted to reflect the appropriate balances. For further information regarding CDC purchase accounting adjustments, please see Note 4, Acquisitions. In fiscal 2012, the Company wrote off the gross carrying amount and corresponding accumulated amortization for fully amortized non-compete agreements in the amount of $09 million. In fiscal 2011, the Company wrote off the gross carrying amount and corresponding accumulated amortization for fully amortized customer lists, non-compete agreements and trade names in the amounts of $03 million, $18 millionand $10 million, respectively.The weighted average amortization period for all intangible assets for the years ended June30, 2012, 2011and 2010was approximately 10years, 10years, and 12years, respectively. Amortization expense for the years ended June30, 2012, 2011and 2010was $64 million, $30 millionand $20 million, respectively. Estimated future amortization expense is as  thousandsYear Ended  Borrowings and Long-Term DebtShort-Term BorrowingsA subsidiary of the Company has a 60 millionline of credit, which is secured by the assets of our European operations and is guaranteed by ScanSource, Inc. The subsidiary line of credit bears interest at the 30-day Euro Interbank Offered Rate EURIBOR plus a spread ranging from 125%to 200%per annum. The spread in effect as of June30, 2012was 125%. Additionally, the Company is assessed commitment fees ranging from 010%to 0275%on non-utilized borrowing availability if outstanding balances are below 30 million. The interest rate and commitment fee spreads are based on the Company Leverage Ratio for its revolving credit facility, as defined below. The outstanding balances at June30, 2012and 2011are as follows:June30, 2012June30, 2011in thousandsShort-term borrowings$4,268$3,16460Table of ContentsIndex to Financial StatementsSCANSOURCE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial StatementsContinuedJune 30, 2012Revolving Credit FacilityOn October11, 2011, the Company amended and restated its $250 millionmulti-currency revolving credit facility with a syndicate of banks that was scheduled to mature on September28, 2012. The Company entered into a five-year, $300 millionmulti-currency senior secured revolving credit facility pursuant to the terms of an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement the New Credit Agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and a syndicate of lenders named therein. The New Credit Agreement allows for the issuance of up to $50 millionfor letters of credit and has a $150 millionaccordion feature that allows the Company to increase the availability to $450 millionsubject to obtaining commitments for the incremental capacity from existing or new lenders. The Company incurred $14 millionin debt issuance costs that were capitalized to other assets, including identifiable intangible assets, on the consolidated balance sheet and are being amortized on a straight-line basis through October11, 2016, the maturity date of the New Credit Agreement.At the Company option, loans denominated in U.S. dollars under the New Credit Agreement, other than swingline loans, bear interest at a rate equal to a spread over the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR or prime rate depending upon the Company ratio of total debt excluding accounts payable and accrued liabilities, measured as of the end of the most recent quarter, to adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA for the most recently completed fourquarters the Leverage Ratio. The Leverage Ratio calculation excludes the Company subsidiary in Brazil. This spread ranges from 100%to 225%for LIBOR-based loans and 000%to 125%for prime rate-based loans. The spread in effect as of June30, 2012was 100%for LIBOR-based loans and 000%for prime rate-based loans. Additionally, the Company is assessed commitment fees ranging from 0175%to 040%, depending upon the Leverage Ratio, on non-utilized borrowing availability, excluding swingline loans. Borrowings under the New Credit Agreement are guaranteed by substantially all of the domestic assets of the Company as well as certain foreign subsidiaries determined to be material under the New Credit Agreement and a pledge of up to 65%of capital stock or other equity interest in each Guarantor as defined in the New Credit Agreement. The Company was in compliance with all covenants under the credit facility as of June30, 2012. The outstanding balances at June30, 2012and June30, 2011are as follows:June30, 2012June30, 2011in thousandsRevolving credit facility$$26,513Throughout the year ended June30, 2012, the Company borrowed $1,4085 millionon the revolving credit facility. The Company repaid $1,4332 millionin addition to the $14 millionpaid for debt issuance costs previously described. The average daily balance on the revolving credit facility was $786 millionfor the year ended June30, 2012. There was $3000 millionavailable for additional borrowings as of June30, 2012, and there were no letters of credit issued.For the year ended June30, 2011, the Company borrowed $7695 millionon the revolving credit facility. The Company repaid $7439 million. The average daily balance on the revolving credit facility was $142 millionfor the year ended June30, 2011. There was $2235 millionavailable for additional borrowings as of June30, 2011, and there were no letters of credit issued.Long-Term DebtOn January2, 2008, the Company entered into a $250 millionpromissory note with a third party lender. This note payable accrued interest on the unpaid balance at a rate per annum equal to the 30-day LIBOR plus 065%and was scheduled to mature on September28, 2012. On October11, 2011, the note was fully repaid using funds obtained through the New Credit Agreement. 61Table of ContentsIndex to Financial StatementsSCANSOURCE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial StatementsContinuedJune 30, 2012On August1, 2007, the Company entered into an agreement with the State of Mississippi in order to provide financing for the acquisition and installation of certain equipment to be utilized at the Companys current Southaven, Mississippi distribution facility, through the issuance of an industrial development revenue bond. The bond matures on September1, 2032and accrues interest at the 30-day LIBOR rate plus a spread of 085%. The terms of the bond allow for payment of interest only for the first 10years of the agreement, and then, starting on September1, 2018 through 2032, principal and interest payments are due until the maturity date or the redemption of the bond. As of June30, 2012, the Company was in compliance with all covenants under this bond.The balances on the bond and promissory note as of June30, 2012and 2011are as follows:June30, 2012June30, 2011in thousandsIndustrial Development Revenue Bond, monthly payments of interest only, 109% variable interest rate at June30, 2012 and maturing on September1, 2032$5,429$5,429Unsecured note payable to a bank, monthly payments of interest only and maturing in fiscal 201325,0005,42930,429Less current portionLong-term portion$5,429$30,429The book value of debt listed above is considered to approximate fair value, as our debt instruments are indexed to LIBOR or the prime rate using the market approach.Scheduled maturities of the Companys revolving credit facility and long-term debt at June30, 2012are as follows:Future Debt PaymentsinthousandsFiscal  principal payments$5,4297Derivatives and Hedging ActivitiesThe Companys results of operations could be materially impacted by significant changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. These risks and the management of these risks are discussed in greater detail below. In an effort to manage the exposure to these risks, the Company periodically enters into various derivative instruments. The Companys accounting policies for these instruments are based on whether the instruments are designated as hedge or non-hedge instruments in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The Company records all derivatives on the balance sheet at fair value. Derivatives that are not designated as hedging instruments or the ineffective portions of cash flow hedges are adjusted to fair value through earnings in other income and expense62Table of ContentsIndex to Financial StatementsSCANSOURCE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial StatementsContinuedJune 30, 2012Foreign Currency The Company conducts a portion of its business internationally in a variety of foreign currencies. The exposure to market risk for changes in foreign currency exchange rates arises from foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities, and transactions arising from non-functional currency financing or trading activities. The Companys objective is to preserve the economic value of non-functional currency denominated cash flows. The Company attempts to hedge transaction exposures with natural offsets to the fullest extent possible and, once these opportunities have been exhausted, through forward contracts or other hedging instruments with third parties. These contracts will periodically hedge the exchange of various currencies, including the U.S. dollar, euro, British pound, Canadian dollar, Mexican peso and Brazilian real. While the Company utilizes foreign exchange contracts to hedge foreign currency exposure, the Company foreign exchange policy prohibits the use of financial instruments for speculative purposes. At June30, 2012, the Company had contracts outstanding with notional amounts of $623 millionto exchange foreign currencies. To date, the Company has chosen not to designate these derivatives as hedging instruments, and accordingly, these instruments are adjusted to fair value through earnings in other income and expense. Summarized financial information related to these derivative contracts and changes in the underlying value of the foreign currency exposures are as follows:Fiscal Year Ended June 30,201220112010in thousandsNet foreign exchange derivative contract gain  foreign currency transactional and re-measurement gain loss$2,286$1,741$826Net foreign currency gain loss$3,766$965$239Net foreign exchange gains and losses consist of foreign currency transactional and functional currency re-measurements, offset by net foreign currency exchange contract gains and losses. Foreign exchange losses and gains are generated as the result of fluctuations in the value of the British pound versus the euro, the U.S. dollar versus the euro, U.S. dollar versus the Brazilian real and other currencies versus the U.S. dollar.In fiscal year 2012, the majority of losses were associated with exposures between the U.S. dollar and Brazilian real. In September 2011, the Company incurred a $25 millionnon-recurring loss in conjunction with an unfavorable forward exchange contract to purchase Brazilian reais. In mid-August, the Company decided to pre-fund a portion of the estimated earnout payments associated with the CDC acquisition. This contract was designed to preserve the currency exchange for the few weeks required to transfer the cash to Brazil. From the time the Company entered into the contract through settlement, the Brazilian real devalued from the contractual rate by 118%, ultimately resulting in a $25 millionloss. Further contributing to the fiscal year 2012foreign exchange loss, the Brazilian business incurred significant losses on U.S. dollar denominated exposures in the first quarter that were not hedged at the time. Subsequently, the Company has been including these exposures in its daily hedging activities.Interest Rates The Companys earnings are also affected by changes in interest rates due to the impact those changes have on interest expense from floating rate debt instruments. To manage the exposure to interest rates, the Company may enter into interest rate swap agreements. In January 2008, the Company entered into an interest rate swap agreement to hedge the variability in future cash flows of interest payments related to the $250 millionpromissory note payable discussed in Note 6. Interest rate differentials paid or received under the swap agreement are recognized as adjustments to interest expense. To the extent the swap is effective in offsetting the variability of the hedged cash flows, changes in the fair value of the swap are not included in current earnings but are reported as other comprehensive income loss. The swap expired on September 28, 2011. From the inception of the swap through expiration, there was no ineffectiveness associated with the instrument. Currently, there are no other swap agreements outstanding63Table of ContentsIndex to Financial StatementsSCANSOURCE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial StatementsContinuedJune 30, 2012During fiscal years 2012and 2011, the Company sole cash flow hedge pertained to the interest rate swap discussed above. The components of the cash flow hedge included in accumulated other comprehensive income loss, net of income taxes, in the consolidated statements of shareholders equity, are as follows:Fiscal Year Ended June 30,20122011inthousandsNet interest expense recognized as a result of interest rate swap$216$859Unrealized gain loss in fair value of interest swap rates1119Net increase decrease in accumulated other comprehensive income loss$215$740Income tax effect76272Net increase decrease in accumulated other comprehensive income loss, net of tax$139$468The Company has the following derivative instruments located on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and Income Statements, utilized for the risk management purposes detailed above:As of June 30, 2012FairValueof   thousandsDerivative assets:aForeign exchange contracts$$21Derivative liabilities:bForeign exchange contracts$$110aAll derivative assets are recorded as prepaid expense and other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.bAll derivative liabilities are recorded as accrued expenses and other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets8Fair Value of Financial InstrumentsAccounting guidance defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Under this guidance, the Company is required to classify certain assets and liabilities based on the fair value hierarchy, which groups fair value-measured assets and liabilities based upon the following levels of inputs:Level 1 Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities;Level 2 Quoted prices in markets that are not active, or inputs which are observable, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the asset or liability;Level 3 Prices or valuation techniques that require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable i.e. supported by little or no market activity64Table of ContentsIndex to Financial StatementsSCANSOURCE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial StatementsContinuedJune 30, 2012The assets and liabilities maintained by the Company that are required to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis include the Company various debt instruments, deferred compensation plan investments, outstanding foreign exchange forward contracts and contingent consideration owed to the previous owners of CDC. The carrying value of debt listed in Note 6 is considered to approximate fair value, as the Company debt instruments are indexed to LIBOR or the prime rate using the market approach Level 2 criteria. The following table summarizes the valuation of the Company remaining assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of June30, 2012:TotalQuotedprices inactivemarketsLevel  thousandsAssets:Deferred compensation plan investments, current and non-current  foreign currency exchange contracts2121Total assets at fair  compensation plan investments, current and non-current  foreign currency exchange contracts110110$Liability for contingent consideration, current and non-current16,65316,653Total liabilities at fair  of ContentsIndex to Financial StatementsSCANSOURCE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial StatementsContinuedJune 30, 2012The following table presents assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of June 30, 2011:TotalQuotedprices inactivemarketsLevel  thousandsAssets:Deferred compensation plan investments, current and non-current  foreign currency exchange contracts165165Total assets at fair  compensation plan investments, current and non-current  foreign currency exchange contracts236236Interest rate swap215215Liability for contingent consideration, current and non-current23,79423,794Total liabilities at fair  investments in the deferred compensation plan are held in a rabbi trust and include mutual funds and cash equivalents for payment of non-qualified benefits for certain retired, terminated or active employees. These investments are recorded to prepaid and other assets current or other assets non-current depending on their corresponding, anticipated distributions to recipients, which are reported in accrued expenses and other liabilities current or other long-term liabilities non-current, respectively.Foreign currency forward contracts are measured using the market approach on a recurring basis considering foreign currency spot rates and forward rates quoted by banks or foreign currency dealers Level 2. See Note 7, Derivatives and Hedging Activities. Foreign currency contracts are classified in the consolidated balance sheet in prepaid expenses and other assets or accrued expenses and other liabilities, depending on the respective contracts' favorable or unfavorable positions. The Company recorded a contingent consideration liability at the acquisition date of CDC representing the amounts payable to former CDC shareholders, as outlined under the terms of the Share Purchase and Sale Agreement, based upon the achievement of projected earnings, net of specific pro forma adjustments. The current and non-current portions of this obligation are reported separately on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. The fair value of contingent consideration Level 3 is determined using a discounted cash flow model. Subsequent changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration liability are recorded to the change in fair value of contingent consideration line item in the consolidated income statement. Fluctuations due to foreign currency translation are captured in other comprehensive income through the changes in foreign currency translation adjustments line item as seen in Note 14, Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income.The table below provides a summary of the changes in fair value of the Companys only financial asset or liability, the contingent consideration for the CDC earnout that is measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs Level 3 for the year ended June30, 2012and 2011:66Table of ContentsIndex to Financial StatementsSCANSOURCE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial StatementsContinuedJune 30, 2012ContingentConsideration  fortheYearEndedJune30,2011in thousandsFair value at beginning of period$23,794$Issuance of contingent  in fair value120128Fluctuation due to foreign currency exchange5,26130Fair value at end of period$16,653$23,794The fair value of the liability for the contingent consideration recognized at June30, 2012was $167 million, of which $50 millionis classified as current. As of June30, 2011, the fair value of the contingent consideration was $238 million, of which $24 millionwas classified as current. The fair values of amounts owed are recorded in current portion of contingent consideration and long-term portion of contingent consideration in the Company consolidated balance sheet. The U.S. dollar amounts of actual disbursements made in conjunction with future earnout payments are subject to change as the liability is denominated in Brazilian reais and subject to foreign exchange fluctuation risk. Also, in accordance with ASC 805, the Company will revalue the contingent consideration liability at each reporting date through the last payment, with changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration reflected in the change in fair value of contingent consideration line item on the Company consolidated income statement that is included in the calculation of operating income. The fair value of the contingent consideration liability associated with future earnout payments is based on several factors, including:estimated future results, net of pro forma adjustments set forth in the Share Purchase and Sale Agreement;the probability of achieving these results; anda discount rate reflective of the Company creditworthiness and market risk premium associated with the Brazilian market.A change in any of these unobservable inputs can significantly change the fair value of the contingent consideration. The change in fair value of the contingent consideration recognized in the consolidated income statement contributed a loss of $01 millionfor the year ended June30, 2012. Generally, the change in fair value of the contingent consideration will generate a loss as the earnout period lapses. In the current fiscal year, the loss was partially offset by a change in the estimated future results from a weaker Brazilian economic outlook from the time of acquisition. In addition, volatility in the foreign exchange between the Brazilian real and the U.S. dollar has driven significant changes in the translation of the real-denominated liability. Although there is no contractual limit, total future undiscounted contingent consideration payments are estimated to be $240 million, based on the Company best estimate as the earnout is based on a multiple of adjusted earnings67Table of ContentsIndex to Financial StatementsSCANSOURCE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial StatementsContinuedJune 30, 20129Share-Based CompensationShare-Based Compensation PlansThe Company has awards outstanding from four share-based compensation plans the 1993 Incentive Stock Option Plan, the 1997 Stock Incentive Plan, the 2002 Long-Term Incentive Plan, and the 2003 Director Plan, two of which the 2002 Long-Term Incentive Plan and the 2003 Director Plan are available for future grants. As of June30, 2012, there were 1,888,923and 88,100shares available for future grant under the 2002 Long-Term Incentive Plan and the 2003 Director Plan, respectively. All of the Companys share-based compensation plans are shareholder approved, and it is the Companys belief that such awards better align the interests of its employees and directors with those of its shareholders. Under the plans, the Company is authorized to award officers, employees, consultants and non-employee members of the Board of Directors various share-based payment awards, including options to purchase common stock and restricted stock. Restricted stock can be in the form of a restricted stock award RSA or a restricted stock unit RSU. An RSA is common stock that is subject to risk of forfeiture or other restrictions that lapse upon satisfaction of specified conditions. An RSU represents the right to receive shares of common stock in the future with the right to future delivery of the shares subject to risk of forfeiture or other restrictions that lapse upon satisfaction of specified conditions.The Company accounts for its share-based compensation awards in accordance with ASC 718 Stock Compensation, which requires all share-based compensation to be recognized in the income statement based on fair value and applies to all awards granted, modified, canceled, or repurchased after the effective date. Total share-based compensation included as a component of selling, general, and administrative expense in our Consolidated Income Statements was as follows:Fiscal Year Ended June 30,201220112010in thousandsShare-based compensation related to:Equity classified stock  classified restricted stock3,9651,7711,367Total share-based  OptionsDuring the fiscal year ended June30, 2012, the Company granted 85,578stock options to certain employees. These options vest annually over 3years and have a 10-year contractual life. In accordance with the requirements of the Companys Equity Award Grant Policy, the options issued during the fiscal year were granted with an exercise price that is no less than 100%of the fair market value of those shares on the date of the grant.The fair value of each option for purposes of calculation of share-based compensation was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing formula that uses assumptions determined at the date of grant. Use of this option pricing model requires the input of subjective assumptions. These assumptions include estimating the length of time employees will retain their vested stock options before exercising them expected term, the estimated volatility of our common stock price over the expected term expected volatility and the number of options that will ultimately not complete their vesting requirements forfeitures. Changes in the subjective assumptions can materially affect the estimate of the fair value of share-based compensation and, consequently, the related amount recognized in the Consolidated Income Statements68Table of ContentsIndex to Financial StatementsSCANSOURCE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial StatementsContinuedJune 30, 2012The Company used the following weighted average assumptions for the options granted during the following fiscal years:Fiscal Year Ended June 30,201220112010Expected term677   interest rate142%256%289%Dividend yield000%000%000%Weighted average fair value per option$1494$1721$1243The weighted average expected term of the options represents the period of time the options are expected to be outstanding based on historical trends and behaviors of certain groups and individuals receiving these awards. The expected volatility is predominately based on the historical volatility of our common stock for a period approximating the expected life. The risk-free interest rate reflects the interest rate at grant date on zero-coupon U.S. governmental bonds that have a remaining life similar to the expected option term. The dividend yield assumption was based on our dividend payment history and expectations of future dividend payments.A summary of our stock option plans is presented below:Fiscal Year Ended June 30,  beginning of year1,969,477$2747Granted during the period85,5783423Exercised during the period415,9592167Canceled, forfeited, or expired during the  end of  and expected to vest at June 30,  end of  aggregate intrinsic value was calculated using the market price of our stock on June30, 2012 and the exercise price for only those options that have an exercise price that is less than the market price of our stock. This amount will change as the market price per share changes. The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised during the fiscal years ended June30, 2012, 2011, and 2010was $58 million, $52 million, and $16 million, respectively69Table of ContentsIndex to Financial StatementsSCANSOURCE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial StatementsContinuedJune 30, 2012A summary of the status of the Companys shares subject to unvested options is presented below:Fiscal Year Ended June 30,  beginning of  or  end of year244,588$3302$1549As of June30, 2012, there was approximately $23 millionof total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested share-based compensation arrangements granted under the plans in the form of stock options. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 109years. The total fair value of options vested during the fiscal years ended June30, 2012, 2011, and 2010is $29 million, $35 millionand $43 million, respectively. The following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding and exercisable as of June30, 2012:Options OutstandingOptions ExercisableRange of Exercise PricesSharesOutstanding   Company issues shares to satisfy the exercise of options.Restricted StockGrants of Restricted SharesDuring the fiscal year ended June30, 2012, the Company elected to grant 173,246shares of restricted stock to employees and non-employee directors, of which 159,746of these shares were issued in the form of RSUs:70Table of ContentsIndex to Financial StatementsSCANSOURCE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial StatementsContinuedJune 30, 2012Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2012SharesgrantedDate grantedGrant datefair  employees based on promotions5,000January31,  employees based on promotions4,500May1, 20123261Annually over 3 yearsCertain employees1,000June18, 20123133Annually over 3 yearsCertain employees1,500November1, 20123294Annually over 3 yearsCertain employees147,683December2, 20113435Annually over 3 yearsExecutive officers, vesting based on certain service and performance conditions1,563May14, 20123201Annually over 2 yearsNon-Employee Directors112,000December2, 2011$34356 months1Per the Amended and Restated Directors Equity Compensation Plan, non-employee directors will receive annual awards of restricted stock, as opposed to stock options. The number of shares of restricted stock to be granted will be established from time to time by the Board of Directors. Currently, the number of shares of restricted stock awarded to each non-employee director will be determined by dividing $80,000by the fair market value of the common stock on the date of grant. These awards will generally vest in full on the day that is six months after the date of grant or upon the earlier occurrence of i the directors termination of service as a director by reason of death, disability or retirement, or ii a change in control by the Company. The compensation expense associated with these awards will be recognized on a pro-rata basis over this period.A summary of the status of the Companys outstanding restricted stock is presented below:Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2012SharesWeighted AverageGrant Date FairValueOutstanding, beginning of year241,085$2915Granted during the period173,2463434Vested during the  forfeited, or expired during the  end of year267,258$3243As of June30, 2012, there was approximately $64 millionof unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted stock awards granted, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 188years. The Company withheld 43,122shares for income taxes during the fiscal year ended June30, 201210Employee Benefit PlansThe Company has a defined contribution plan under Section401k of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended that covers all employees located in the United States meeting certain eligibility requirements. The Company provided a matching contribution for each period which was equal to one-half of each participants contribution, up to a maximum matching contribution per participant of $800. The Company determines its matching contributions annually and can make discretionary contributions in addition to matching contributions. Employer contributions are vested based upon tenure over a five-year period71Table of ContentsIndex to Financial StatementsSCANSOURCE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial StatementsContinuedJune 30, 2012Fiscal Year Ended June 30,201220112010in thousandsMatching    the Company contributes to either plans required by local governments or to various employee annuity plans. Additionally, the Company maintains a non-qualified, unfunded, deferred compensation plan that allows eligible executives to defer a portion of their compensation in addition to receiving discretionary matching contributions from the Company. Employer contributions are vested over a five-year period. In fiscal 2011, the Company made a $24 millioncontribution to the Founders SERP for the Companys founder and former Chief Executive Officer who retired in March 2011. The SERP investments are included within the deferred compensation plan investments referenced in Note 8, Fair Value of Financial Instruments11Income TaxesIncome tax expense benefit consists of:Fiscal Year Ended June 30,201220112010in    for income taxes$36,923$38,363$26,929A reconciliation of the U.S. Federal income tax expense at a statutory rate of 35%to actual income tax expense, excluding any other taxes related to extraordinary gain is as follows:72Table of ContentsIndex to Financial StatementsSCANSOURCE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial StatementsContinuedJune 30, 2012Fiscal Year Ended June 30,201220112010in thousandsU.S. Federal income tax at statutory  decrease in income taxes due to:State and local income taxes, net of Federal benefit1,026625935Tax  allowance24195128Effect of foreign operations, net2,3092,0541,342Stock  for income taxes$36,923$38,363$26,929The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and liabilities are presented below:June30,20122011in thousandsDeferred tax assets derived from:Allowance for accounts  accrued expenses5122,204Net operating loss carryforwards2,931452Tax credits583241Deferred compensation4,3314,822Stock compensation5,6312,868Timing of depreciation and other deductions for building and equipment98Total deferred tax assets27,87824,754Valuation allowance541517Total deferred tax assets27,33724,237Deferred tax liabilities derived from:Timing of amortization deduction from intangible assets5,8402,717Timing of depreciation and other deductions for building and equipment238Total deferred tax liabilities5,8402,955Net deferred tax assets$21,497$21,28273Table of ContentsIndex to Financial StatementsSCANSOURCE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial StatementsContinuedJune 30, 2012The components of pretax earnings are as follows:Fiscal Year Ended June 30,201220112010in  pretax  June30, 2012, the Company has igross net operating loss carry forwards of approximately $01 millionfor U.S. Federal income tax purposes that will begin to expire in 2020; iigross net operating loss carry forwards of approximately $09 millionfor state income tax purposes; iiiforeign gross net operating loss carry forwards of approximately $85 million; ivstate income tax credit carry forwards of approximately $02 millionthat will begin to expire in 2025; and v withholding tax credits of approximately $05 million. As of June30, 2012, the Company reversed $04 millionof the valuation reserve against foreign net operating loss carry-forwards and established a full valuation reserve of $05 millionagainst the withholding tax credits. The Company maintains a $01 millionvaluation allowance for state net operating losses where it was determined that, in accordance with ASC 740, it is more likely than not that they cannot be utilized.The Company has not provided U.S. income taxes for undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries that are considered to be retained indefinitely for reinvestment. The distribution of these earnings would result in additional foreign withholding taxes and additional U.S. federal income taxes to the extent they are not offset by foreign tax credits. It has been the practice of the Company to reinvest those earnings in the business outside the United States. These undistributed earnings amounted to approximately $563 millionat June30, 2012. If these earnings were remitted to the U.S. they would be subject to income tax. The tax, after foreign tax credits, is estimated to be approximately $100 million.As of June30, 2012, the Company had gross unrecognized tax benefits of $13 million, $08 millionof which, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate. This reflects an increase of $01 millionon a net basis over the prior fiscal year. The Company does not expect that the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits will significantly increase or decrease within the next twelve months. The prior year balances have been adjusted to remove interest and penalties that were included in prior period reporting. The total amount of interest and penalties accrued, but excluded from the table below for the years ending 2012, 2011 and 2010 were $10 million, $09 millionand $10 million, respectively. A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as   based on tax positions related to the current year163173133Additions for tax positions of prior yearsReduction for tax positions of prior  Balance$1,257$1,181$1,279The Company conducts business globally and, as a result, one or more of its subsidiaries files income tax returns in the U.S. federal, various state, local and foreign jurisdictions. In the normal course of business, the Company is subject to examination by taxing authorities in countries in which it operates. With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to state and local, or non-U.S. income tax examinations by tax authorities for the years before 200874Table of ContentsIndex to Financial StatementsSCANSOURCE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial StatementsContinuedJune 30, 2012The Companys continuing practice is to recognize interest and penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. As of June30, 2012, the Company had approximately $10 millionaccrued for interest and penalties, of which $01 millionwas a current period expense.The Company effective tax rate differs from the federal statutory rate of 35% primarily as a result the mix of income in lower tax rate jurisdictions and state taxes12Commitments and ContingenciesLeasesThe Company leases office and warehouse space under non-cancelable operating leases that expire through November 2020. Lease expense and future minimum lease payments under operating leases are as follows:Fiscal Year Ended June 30,201220112010in thousandsLease  Year Ended June  future minimum lease payments$19,713On April27, 2007, the Company entered into an agreement to lease approximately 600,000square feet for distribution, warehousing and storage purposes in a building located in Southaven, Mississippi. The lease also provides for a right of first refusal on an additional 147,000square feet of expansion space. The term of the lease is 120months with 2consecutive 5-year extension options.Commitments and ContingenciesA majority of the Companys net revenues in 2012, 2011and 2010were received from the sale of products purchased from the Companys tenlargest vendors. The Company has entered into written distribution agreements with substantially all of its major vendors. While the Companys agreements with most of its vendors contain standard provisions for periodic renewals, these agreements generally permit termination by either party without cause upon 30to 120days notice.The Company or its subsidiaries are, from time to time, parties to lawsuits arising out of operations. Although there can be no assurance, based upon information known to the Company, the Company believes that any liability resulting from an adverse determination of such lawsuits would not have a material adverse effect on the Companys financial condition or results of operations75Table of ContentsIndex to Financial StatementsSCANSOURCE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial StatementsContinuedJune 30, 2012The Company is in the process of designing and developing a new ERP system. The Company has spent approximately $335 millionon the project from inception through June 30, 2012. Of the total amount spent, $268 millionhas been in the form of capital expenditures. The Company received a project assessment from a third party service provider, which indicates that the project will take longer to implement and exceed previously disclosed cost estimates, which at the high end was $385 million. The Company has revised its projections for the project and believes the total spend could range from $58 millionto $72 millionand will extend past fiscal year 2013. Capital expenditures for fiscal 2013 could range from $9 millionto $15 millionfor a total capital expenditure of up to $42 million13Segment InformationThe Company is a leading distributor of specialty technology products, providing value-added distribution sales to resellers in the specialty technology markets. The Company has tworeporting segments, based on geographic location.North American DistributionThe North American distribution segment offers products for sale in four primary categories: iAIDC and POS equipment sold by the ScanSourcePOS and Barcoding sales unit, iivoice, data and converged communications equipment sold by the Catalyst Telecomsales unit, iiivideo conferencing, telephony, and communications products sold by the ScanSourceCommunications unit, and ivelectronic security products and wireless infrastructure products sold by the ScanSourceSecurity sales unit. These products are sold to more than 14,500resellers and integrators of technology products that are geographically dispersed over the United States and Canada in a pattern that mirrors population concentration. No single account represented more than 6%of the Companys consolidated net sales for the fiscal years ended June30, 2012, 2011, and 2010, respectively76Table of ContentsIndex to Financial StatementsSCANSOURCE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial StatementsContinuedJune 30, 2012International DistributionThe international distribution segment sells to two geographic areas, Latin America aggregated with Europe, offers AIDC and POS equipment as well as communications products to more than 15,500resellers and integrators of technology products. Additionally, the Company offers security products in Latin America. Of this segments customers, no single account represented more than 1%of the Companys consolidated net sales during the fiscal years ended June30, 2012, 2011, and 2010, respectively.Inter-segment sales consist primarily of sales by the North American distribution segment to the international distribution segment. All inter-segment revenues and profits have been eliminated in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements.Selected financial information for each business segment is presented below:Fiscal Year Ended June 30,201220112010in thousandsSales:North American   intersegment  and amortization:North American   income:North American   American   expenditures:North American   prior periods, the Company inappropriately included its intercompany investment and funding arrangements related to foreign subsidiaries in its North American segment assets with the offsetting liabilities and elimination entries included as a reduction to the international segment assets. This resulted in the understatement of international segment assets and an overstatement of North American segment assets. During the current period, the Company corrected its disclosure of assets by segment by eliminating intercompany investments and funding arrangements from both segments. Management concluded that the correction of prior periods is immaterial and, accordingly, previous filings have not been revised. However, segment assets related to prior periods presented herein have been adjusted to remove intercompany investment and funding arrangements. 77Table of ContentsIndex to Financial StatementsSCANSOURCE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial StatementsContinuedJune 30, 2012The effect of the segment asset adjustments listed above as of June 30, 2011 was to reduce North American segment assets by $1737 million, from $9588 millionas previously disclosed to $7851 millionand to increase international segment assets by $1737 million, from $2234 millionas previously disclosed to $3971 million. The effect of this adjustment on segment assets listed above as of June 30, 2010 was to reduce North American segment assets by $1141 millionfrom $7846 millionas previously disclosed to $6705 millionand to increase international segment assets by $1141 millionfrom $752 millionas previously disclosed to $1893 million.Also in the prior fiscal year, the Company inappropriately excluded shared operating expense allocations from the international distribution segment. This resulted in the overstatement of the international segment operating income and an understatement of the North American segment operating income. Management concluded that the correction of the prior period is immaterial and, accordingly, previous filings have not been revised. However, segment operating income related to the prior period presented herein has been adjusted to allocate shared operating expenses to the international distribution segment. The effect of this adjustment on segment operating income listed above for the year ended June 30, 2011 was to increase North American segment operating income by $45 millionfrom $904 millionas previously disclosed to $949 millionand to decrease international segment operating income by $45 millionfrom $227 millionto $182 million.Selected financial information by product category is presented below:Fiscal Year Ended June 30,201220112010in thousandsSales by Product Category:POS, barcoding and security   Other Comprehensive IncomeThe components of accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax, are as follows:201220112010in thousandsCurrency translation  gain loss on fair value of interest rate swap139607Accumulated other comprehensive income  Party TransactionsDuring fiscal years 2012, 2011, and 2010, the Company had sales of $42 million, $51 million, and $37 million, respectively, to companies affiliated with the former minority shareholder of ScanSourceLatin Americas Miami based operations. At June30, 2012and 2011, accounts receivable from these companies totaled $05 millionand $12 million, respectively.During fiscal years 2012and 2011, the Company had sales of $02 millionto companies affiliated with a former shareholder of CDC in Brazil. As of June30, 2012and 2011, accounts receivable from these customers were less than $01 million. 78Table of ContentsIndex to Financial StatementsSCANSOURCE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial StatementsContinuedJune 30, 2012In previous periods, the Company has reported purchases and accounts payable to a vendor affiliated with the former CEO and current member on the Board of Directors. In January 2012, he divested his interest in this particular vendor. Through January 2012, the Company had purchases of $03 millionfrom this vendor. During fiscal year 2011, the Company had purchases of $04 millionfrom this vendor. At June30, 2011, accounts payable to this vendor was $01 million16Subsequent EventsIn accordance with ASC 855 Subsequent Events, the Company evaluated events occurring from the end of the most recent fiscal year through the date the financial statements were filed with the SEC79Table of ContentsIndex to Financial StatementsItem1.Business1Item!1A.Risk Factors6Item1B.Unresolved Staff  Proceedings15Item!4.Mine Safety  for Registrants Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities16Item 6.Controls and Procedures.a Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and ProceduresWe maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rule13a-15e under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 the Exchange Act, that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Additionally, in designing disclosure controls and procedures, our management necessarily was required to apply judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of those disclosure controls and procedures. The design of any disclosure controls and procedures also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the controls and procedures will meet their objectives.Based on their evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form10-K, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures, as of June30, 2012, were effective in providing reasonable assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met.b Managements Report on Internal Control over Financial ReportingOur management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule13a-15f of the Exchange Act. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.We assessed the effectiveness of the Companys internal control over financial reporting as of June30, 2012. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control Integrated Framework. Based on its assessment using those criteria, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of June30, 2012.The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June30, 2012has been audited by Ernst Young, LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their Report of Independent Registered Certified Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting which is included with the Financial Statements in Part II, Item8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference.c Changes in Internal Control over Financial ReportingThere were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal year ended June30, 2012that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.ITEM 9B.Other Information.Not applicable80Table of ContentsIndex to Financial StatementsPART IIIInformation called for by Part III Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been omitted as the Company intends to file with the SEC not later than 120 days after the end of its fiscal year ended June30, 2012, a definitive Proxy Statement relating to the 2012Annual Meeting of Shareholders pursuant to Regulation 14A promulgated under the Exchange Act. Such information will be set forth in such Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.