ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
Except for the reports the Company' current independent public
accountants and previous independent auditors, which are set forth below, the
information required by Item 8 is incorporated herein by reference to the
consolidated financial statements and notes thereto which appear in the
Company Annual Report to Shareholders for the fiscal year ended December 31,
1999.
14           REPORT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS
To Featherlite, Inc.
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Featherlite,
Inc. a Minnesota corporation and subsidiary as of December 31, 1999 and the
related statements of operations, shareholders' investment and cash flows for
the year then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the
Company management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
financial statements based on our audit.
We conducted our audit in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free
of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our
opinion.
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Featherlite, Inc.
and subsidiary as of December 31, 1999 and the results of their operations and
their cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States.
ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP
Minneapolis, Minnesota,
February 4, 2000                    15             REPORT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
To the Board of Directors
Featherlite, Inc.
Cresco, Iowa
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Featherlite,
Inc. as of December 31, 1998 and 1997, and the related consolidated statements
of operations, shareholders' investment and cash flows for each of the two years
in the period ended December 31, 1998. These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these financial statements based on our audit.
We conducted our audit in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Featherlite, Inc. as
of December 31, 1998 and 1997, and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 1998, in
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.
McGLADREY AND PULLEN, LLP
Rochester, Minnesota
February 8, 1999                    16 