Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for additional information about our financing receivables and the associated allowance35Return to TopInventory valuationInventories are valued at the lower of cost or market.Cost is determined by the first-in, first-out method.We write down our inventory for estimated obsolete, excess and unmarketable inventory by an amount equal to the difference between the cost of inventory and the estimated market value based upon assumptions about future demand, market conditions, customer programs and sales forecasts.If market acceptance of our existing products or the successful introduction of new products should significantly decrease, additional inventory write-downs could be required.Potential additional inventory write-downs could result from unanticipated additional quantities of obsolete finished goods and raw materials, and/or from lower disposition values offered by the parties who normally purchase surplus inventories.Restructuring and impairment charges on long-lived assetsIn response to changing market conditions and competition, our management regularly updates our business model and market strategies, including the evaluation of facilities, personnel and products. Future adverse changes in economic and market conditions could result in additional organizational changes and possibly additional restructuring and impairment charges. Historically, we have reviewed long-lived assets, including property, plant and equipment and other intangibles with definite lives for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicated that the carrying amount of such an asset might not be recoverable.Management determines whether there has been an impairment on long-lived assets held for use in the business by comparing anticipated undiscounted future cash flow from the use and eventual disposition of the asset or asset group to the carrying value of the asset.For assets whose aggregate undiscounted cash flows are less than its carrying value, the assets are considered potentially impaired and actual impairments, if any, would be determined to the extent the assets carrying value exceeds its aggregate fair value. Long-lived assets that meet the definition of held for sale are valued at the lower of carrying amount or net realizable value. Assets or asset groups are determined at the lowest level possible for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. Recoverability of long-lived assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to the estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated undiscounted future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset.GoodwillWe had approximately $23 millionof goodwill as of December31, 2014and 2013.Goodwill is subject to an assessment for impairment using a two-step fair value-based test, which is performed at least annually or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that goodwill might be impaired.The following circumstances could impact our cash flow and cause further impairments to reported goodwill:unexpected increase in competition resulting in lower prices or lower volumes,entry of new products into the marketplace from competitors,lack of acceptance of our new products into the marketplace,loss of a key employee or customer,significantly higher raw material costs, economic downturn, and other micro/macroeconomic factors.The December31, 2014impairment assessment of our $23 millionof the goodwill within the Candles Home Dcor segment unit indicates that it is fully recoverable.If actual revenue growth, profit margins, costs and capital spending should differ significantly from the assumptions included in our business outlook used in the cash flow models, the reporting units fair value could fall significantly below expectations and additional impairment charges could be required to write down goodwill to its fair value and, if necessary, other long lived-assets could be subject to a similar fair value test and possible impairment. Long-lived assets represent primarily fixed assets and other long-term assets excluding goodwill and other intangibles.Trade Names and TrademarksOur trade name and trademark intangible assets relate to our acquisitions of Miles Kimball and Walter Drake reported in the Catalog Internet segment. We had approximately $66 millionin trade names and trademarks as of December31, 2014and 201336Return to TopOn an annual basis we perform our assessment of impairment for indefinite-lived intangible assets, or upon the occurrence of a triggering event.We use the relief from royalty method to estimate the fair value for indefinite-lived intangible assets. The underlying concept of the relief from royalty method is that the inherent economic value of intangibles is directly related to the timing of future cash flows associated with the intangible asset. Similar to the discounted cash flow methodology used to determine the fair value of goodwill, the fair value of indefinite-lived intangible assets is equal to the present value of after-tax cash flows associated with the intangible asset based on an applicable royalty rate. The royalty rate is determined by using existing market comparables for royalty agreements using an intellectual property data base. The arms-length agreements generally support a rate that is a percentage of direct sales. This approach is based on the premise that the free cash flow is a more valid criterion for measuring value than book or accounting profits.As of December31, 2014, we performed our annual impairment analysis on the trade names and trademarks of the Catalog Internet assets. The three primary assumptions used in the relief from royalty method are the discount rate, the perpetuity growth rate and the royalty rate. This discount rate is used to value the expected net cash flows to be derived from the royalty to its net present value. The discount rate uses a rate of return to account for the time value of money and an investment risk factor. The perpetuity growth rate estimates the businesses' sustainable long-term growth rate. The royalty rate is based upon past royalty performance as well as the expected royalty growth rate using both macro and microeconomic factors surrounding the business. A change in the discount rate is often used by management to risk adjust the discounted cash flow analysis if there is a higher degree of risk that the estimated cash flows from the indefinite-lived intangible asset may not be fully achieved. These risks are often based upon the business units past performance, competition, position in the marketplace, acceptance of new products in the marketplace and other macro and microeconomic factors surrounding the business. If, however, actual cash flows should fall significantly below expectations, this could result in an impairment of our indefinite-lived intangible assets.If the discount rate had increased by 05% and royalty rate had decreased by 025%, the estimated fair value of the trade names and trademarks within the Catalog Internet segment would have decreased by $28 million to $72 million. This decrease would have required us to take an impairment charge of $05 million to write-down our indefinite lived intangibles to its estimated fair value. Conversely, if the discount rate had decreased by 05% and the royalty rate had increased by 025%, the estimated fair value of the trade names and trademarks within the Catalog Internet segment would have increased by $31 million to $130 million, requiring us to take an impairment charge of $01 million to write-down our indefinite lived intangibles to its estimated fair value.Accounting for income taxesAs part of the process of preparing our Consolidated Financial Statements, we are required to estimate our actual current tax exposure state, federal and foreign, together with assessing permanent and temporary differences resulting from differing bases and treatment of items for tax and accounting purposes, such as the carrying value of intangibles, investments, deductibility of expenses, depreciation of property and equipment, and valuation of inventories. Temporary differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities, which are included within our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We must then assess the likelihood that our deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income. Actual results could differ from this assessment if sufficient taxable income is not generated in future periods. To the extent we determine the need to establish a valuation allowance or change the allowance in a period, we would include this as an expense within the tax provision in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Earnings. Management periodically estimates our probable tax obligations using historical experience in tax jurisdictions and informed judgments. There are inherent uncertainties related to the interpretation of tax regulations in the jurisdictions in which we transact business. The judgments and estimates made at a point in time may change based on the outcome of tax audits, as well as changes to or further interpretations of regulations. If such changes take place, there is a risk that the tax rate may increase or decrease in any period. Amounts accrued for tax uncertainties, primarily recorded in long-term liabilities, total $28 million and $40million at December31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. Accruals relate to tax issues for U.S. federal, domestic state, and taxation of foreign earnings. Our policy is to record deferred taxes on our unremitted foreign earnings in excess of amounts deemed required for working capital and expansion needs as these earnings are not considered indefinitely reinvested. We periodically reassess the working capital needs of our foreign subsidiaries and update our indefinite reinvestment assertion accordingly.As of December31, 2014, we determined that $1765 millionof cumulative undistributed foreign earnings were not reinvested indefinitely by our non-U.S. subsidiaries. An accumulated deferred tax liability has been recorded against these undistributed earnings of $11 million, which includes the impact of utilization of foreign tax credits.Due to the various jurisdictions in which we file tax returns and the uncertainty regarding the timing of the settlement of tax audits, it is possible that there could be other significant changes in the amount of unrecognized tax benefits in the year ended December 31, 2014 but the amount cannot be estimated37Return to TopItem 7A.Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market RiskMarket RiskWe have operations outside of the United States and sell our products worldwide.Our activities expose us to a variety of market risks, including the effects of changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and commodity prices. These financial exposures are actively monitored and, where considered appropriate, managed by us. We enter into contracts, with the intention of limiting these risks, with only those counterparties that we deem to be creditworthy, and also in order to mitigate our non-performance risk. International sales represented 58%of total sales for the year ended December31, 2014.Investment RiskWe are subject to investment risks on our investments due to market volatility.As of December31, 2014, we held $190 millionof short-termbond mutual funds, which have been adjusted to fair value based on current market data. We also have a long-term cost basis investment in ViSalus of approximately $69 millionwhich may be subject to future impairments based upon ViSalus' performance. Foreign Currency RiskWe use foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on foreign denominated inventory purchases, net assets of our foreign operations, intercompany payables and certain foreign denominated loans. We do not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for trading purposes.We have hedged the net assets of certain of our foreign operations through foreign currency forward contracts. The realized and unrealized gains/losses on these hedges are recorded within AOCI until the investment is sold or disposed of. The cumulative net after-tax gain related to net investment hedges in AOCI as of December31, 2014and 2013was $41 millionand $23 million, respectively.We have designated our foreign currency forward contracts related to certain foreign denominated loans and intercompany payables as fair value hedges.The gains or losses on the fair value hedges are recognized into earnings and generally offset the transaction gains or losses in the foreign denominated loans that they are intended to hedge.We have designated forward exchange contracts on forecasted intercompany inventory purchases and future purchase commitments as cash flow hedges and as long as the hedge remains effective and the underlying transaction remains probable, the effective portion of the changes in the fair value of these contracts will be recorded in AOCI until earnings are affected by the variability of the cash flows being hedged. Upon settlement of each commitment, the underlying forward contract is closed and the corresponding gain or loss is transferred from AOCI and is included in the measurement of the cost of the acquired asset upon sale.If a hedging instrument is sold or terminated prior to maturity, gains and losses are deferred in AOCI until the hedged item is settled.However, if the hedged item is no longer probable of occurring, the resultant gain or loss on the terminated hedge is recognized into earnings immediately.The net after-tax unrealized gain included inAOCI at December31, 2014for cash flow hedges is $02 millionand is expected to be transferred into earnings within the next twelve months upon settlement of the underlying commitment. The net after-tax loss included inAOCI at December31, 2013for cash flow hedges was $01 million.For consolidated financial statement presentation, net cash flows from such hedges are classified in the categories of the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows with the items being hedged.The following table provides information about our foreign exchange forward contracts accounted for as cash flow hedges as of December31, 2014:In thousands, except average contract rateU.S. Dollar Notional AmountAverage Contract RateUnrealized GainEuro$4,650$132$376The foreign exchange contracts outstanding have maturity dates through October 201538Return to TopItem 8.Financial Statements and Supplementary DataReport of Independent Registered Public Accounting FirmThe Board of Directors and Stockholders of Blyth, Inc. and subsidiaries We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Blyth, Inc. and subsidiaries the Company as of December 31, 2014 and 2013, and the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2014. Our audits also included the financial statement schedule listed at a2. These financial statements and schedules are the responsibility of the Company management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company at December 31, 2014 and 2013, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2014, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly in all material respects the information set forth therein.We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the Company internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2014, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission 2013 framework and our report dated March16, 2015expressed an unqualified opinion thereon./s/ Ernst Young LLPStamford, ConnecticutMarch16, 201539Return to TopBLYTH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESConsolidated Balance SheetsIn thousands, except share and per share dataDecember31, 2014December 31, 2013ASSETSCurrent assets:Cash and cash   receivable, less allowance for doubtful receivables of$5,481 and $3,932,  assets15,16817,281Other current assets7,5156,483Discontinued operations34,208Total current assets192,890240,128Property, plant and equipment, at cost:Land and   and equipment76,14779,479Office furniture, data processing equipment and  in  accumulated   intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization of $15,372 and $15,186,  income taxes6244,369Other assets8,7317,763Discontinued operations27,607Total other assets26,19749,887Total  AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITYCurrent liabilities:Current maturities of long-term debt$50,907$952Accounts payable23,35827,327Accrued expenses41,32740,931Income taxes payable1,193669Deferred income taxes4,086648Other current  operations23,966Total current  debt, less current maturities4,55655,326Deferred income taxes7,309Other   equity:Common stock - authorized 50,000,000 shares of $002 par value; issued 26,642,250 shares and 26,574,031 shares, respectively533532Additional contributed capital169,897168,732Retained  other comprehensive income11,84916,362Treasury stock, at cost, 10,572,020 shares and 10,557,342 shares,  stockholders'   liabilities and equity$287,353$366,841The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements40Return to TopBLYTH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESConsolidated Statements of EarningsFor the year endedIn thousands, except per share dataDecember31, 2014December31, 2013December31, 2012Net  of goods   and other  operating  profit7,09711,8904,015Other expense income:Interest   exchange and other, net4,02072691Total other  loss from continuing operations before income taxes and noncontrolling interest3,5126,536351Income tax expense  loss from continuing  loss from discontinued operations, net of income tax expense7,2312,94635,742Gain on sale of discontinued operations118,9185,540Net earnings from discontinued   Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests343313281Net earnings attributable to Blyth, Inc.$86,761$2,433$44,002Basic earnings per share:Net earnings loss from continuing  earnings from discontinued operations693018240Net earnings attributable per share of Blyth, Inc.$538$015$256Weighted average number of shares  earnings per share:Net earnings loss from continuing  earnings from discontinued operations691018239Net earnings attributable per share of Blyth, Inc.$537$015$255Weighted average number of shares  dividend declared per share$005$020$018The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements41Return to TopBLYTH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESConsolidated Statements of Comprehensive IncomeFor the year endedIn thousandsDecember 31, 2014December 31, 2013December 31, 2012Net earnings $87,104$2,746$44,283Other comprehensive income loss, net of tax:Foreign currency translation  unrealized gain loss on certain investments109169202Net unrealized gain loss on cash flow hedging instruments439154490Less: Reclassification adjustments for gain loss included in net income45370624Other comprehensive income loss4,5131,9612,539Total comprehensive income, net of tax82,5914,70746,822Less: net earnings attributable to noncontrolling  income attributable to Blyth, Inc.$82,248$4,394$46,541The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements42Return to TopBLYTH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESConsolidated Statements of Stockholders' EquityBlyth, Inc. StockholdersIn   December 31,  earnings for the  to noncontrolling interest181181Other comprehensive income2,5392,539Stock-based  of additional ViSalus  of accretion of redeemable noncontrolling interest, net2,3962,396Issuance of redeemable preferred stock, net  declared $018 per share3,0123,012Treasury stock purchases 115,05715,057Balance, December31,  earnings for the year2,433313313Distribution to noncontrolling interest175175Accretion to redemption value for ViSalus redeemable preferred stock5,4715,471Other comprehensive income1,9611,961Stock-based  paid $020 per share3,2253,225Treasury stock purchases 110,26610,266Balance, December31,  earnings for the  to noncontrolling interest177177Reversal of accretion to redemption value for ViSalus redeemable preferred stock and dividends paid in excess of income earned5,4715,471Other comprehensive loss4,5134,513Stock-based  paid $005 per share805805Treasury stock purchases 1131131Balance, December31,  This includes shares withheld in order to satisfy employee withholding taxes upon the distribution of vested restricted stock units2 Net amount includes $58 millionreclassed from accrued expenses to equity as a result of a stock award settlement previously accounted for as a liability and satisfied with the redeemable preferred stock. The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements43Return to TopBLYTH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESConsolidated Statements of Cash FlowsFor the year endedIn thousandsDecember31, 2014December31, 2013December31, 2012Cash flows from operating activities:Earnings loss from continuing  to reconcile earnings to net cash provided by used in operating activities:Depreciation and  gain on sale of assets75429582Stock-based compensation expense of Blyth, Inc1,1661,6542,704Deferred income taxes14,4721,7931,797Loss on impairment of assets3,475834Changes in operating assets and liabilities:Accounts  and other1,4504432,423Other long-term    taxes payable186169572Other liabilities and other2,76411,3514,706Net cash provided by operating activities of continuing  cash provided by used in operating activities of discontinued  cash provided by operating  flows from investing activities:Purchases of property, plant and equipment, net of  from collection of note receivable10,000Purchases of short-term  from sale of short-term  from sale of discontinued operations23,500Cash settlement of net investment hedges1,3561,874Proceeds from sales of assets1029539Proceeds from sale of long-term investments1053,611Net cash provided by used in investing activities of continuing  cash provided by used in investing activities of discontinued  cash provided by used in investing  flows from financing activities:Purchases of treasury  on long-term debt50,000Repayments on long-term  on capital lease   to noncontrolling interest177175181Net cash used in financing activities of continuing  cash used in financing activities of discontinued operations31,44795,195Net cash used in financing  of exchange rate changes on cash5,7381,0631,333Net increase decrease in cash and cash  and cash equivalents at beginning of  and cash equivalents at end of  disclosure of cash flow information:Cash paid during the year  taxes7,1737,10746,511Non-cash transactions:Capital leases for equipment$463$655$137The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements44Return to TopBLYTH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial StatementsNote 1. Summary of Significant Accounting PoliciesBlyth, Inc. the Company is a multi-channel company primarily focused on the direct-to-consumer market. The Company products include an extensive array of decorative and functional household products such as candles, accessories, seasonal decorations, household convenience items and personalized gifts, as well as health, wellness and beauty related products. The Companys products can primarily be found throughout the United States, Canada, Mexico, Europe and Australia. Our financial results are reported in two segments: the Candles Home Dcor segment PartyLite and the Catalog Internet segment Silver Star Brands.A summary of the significant accounting policies applied in the preparation of the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements follows:Principles of ConsolidationThe Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of Blyth, Inc. and its subsidiaries. The Companys Catalog Internet subsidiaries operate on a 52 or 53-week fiscal year ending on the Saturday closest to December 31. The Company consolidates entities in which it owns or controls more than 50%of the voting shares and/or investments where the Company has been determined to have control. The portion of the entity not owned by the Company is reflected as the noncontrolling interest within the Equity section of the Consolidated Balance Sheets. All inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.Discontinued OperationsIn September 2014, the Company entered into a recapitalization agreement with ViSalus that reduced its ownership in ViSalus from approximately 809%to 100%. In October 2012, the Company sold its Sterno business. See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.The results of operations for these businesses have been reclassified to discontinued operations for all periods presented.Two-for-one stock splitOn May 16, 2012, the Company Board of Directors announced a two-for-one stock split of its common stock effective in the form of a stock dividend of one share for each outstanding share. The record date for the stock split was June 1, 2012, and the additional shares were distributed on June 15, 2012. Accordingly, all per share amounts, weighted average shares outstanding, shares outstanding and shares repurchased presented in the Consolidated Financial Statements and notes have been adjusted retroactively to reflect the stock split. Shareholders' equity has been retroactively adjusted to give effect to the stock split for all periods presented by reclassifying the par value of the additional shares issued in connection with the stock split from Retained Earnings to Common Stock.EstimatesThe preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.Actual results could differ from those estimates.Credit ConcentrationThe Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers and generally does not require collateral.The Company makes provisions for estimated credit losses. No single customer accounts for 10%or more of Net Sales or Accounts Receivable.Foreign Currency TranslationThe Companys international subsidiaries use their local currency as their functional currency.Therefore, all Balance Sheet accounts of international subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars at the year-end rates of exchange and Statement of Earnings items are translated using the weighted average exchange rates for the period.Resulting translation adjustments are 45Return to Topincluded in Accumulated other comprehensive income loss AOCI within the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Transactional gains and losses arising from the impact of currency exchange rate fluctuations on transactions in a currency other than the local functional currency are included in Foreign exchange and other, net within the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.InvestmentsThe Company makes investments from time to time in the ordinary course of its business that may include equity securities, debt instruments all maturing within one year, mutual funds, cost investments and long-term investments and/or joint ventures. The Companys investments are accounted for in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topics 320 Investments debt and equity securities and 325 Investments - other. The Company reviews investments for impairment using both quantitative and qualitative factors. Unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale investment securities that are considered temporary and are not the result of a credit loss are included in AOCI, net of applicable taxes, while realized gains and losses are reported in earnings.Derivatives and Other Financial InstrumentsThe Company uses foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on foreign denominated inventory purchases, intercompany payables and certain loans. It does not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for trading purposes.The Company has also hedged the net assets of certain of its foreign operations through foreign currency forward contracts.The Company has designated forward exchange contracts on forecasted intercompany purchases and purchase commitments as cash flow hedges and as long as the hedge remains effective and the underlying transaction remains probable, the effective portion of the changes in the fair value of these contracts are recorded in AOCI until earnings are affected by the variability of the cash flows being hedged.With regard to commitments for inventory purchases, upon payment of each commitment, the underlying forward contract is closed and the corresponding gain or loss is transferred from AOCI upon sale of the asset assigned and is realized in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.If a hedging instrument is sold or terminated prior to maturity, gains and losses are deferred in AOCI until the hedged item is settled.However, if the hedged item is no longer probable of occurring, the resultant gain or loss on thehedge is recognized into earnings immediately.The Company has designated its foreign currency forward contracts related to certain foreign denominated loans and intercompany payables as fair value hedges.The gains or losses on the fair value hedges are recognized into earnings and generally offset the transaction gains or losses in the foreign denominated loans that they are intended to hedge.For consolidated financial statement presentation, net cash flows from such hedges are classified in the categories of the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows with the items being hedged. Forward contracts held with each bank are presented within the Consolidated Balance Sheets as a net asset or liability, based on netting agreements with each bank and whether the forward contracts are in a net gain or loss position. Refer to Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further details on our accounting for derivative instruments.Cash and Cash EquivalentsThe Company considers all highly liquid debt instruments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.Amounts due from credit card companies of $17 millionfor the settlement of credit card transactions are included in cash equivalents because they are both short-term and highly liquid instruments and typically take one to three business days to be received by the Company. The major credit card companies making these payments are highly accredited businesses and the Company does not deem them to have material counterparty credit risk.The Company holds its cash investments with high credit quality financial institutions. Cash balances in the Companys U.S. concentration accounts are fully insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation with no limit per bank. The Company has $11 millionof restricted cash, reported in Investments used as collateral for standby letters of credit as of December 31, 2014. This cash will be restricted until the standby letters of credit are relieved by the  are valued at the lower of cost or market.Cost is determined by the first-in, first-out method.The Company records provisions for obsolete, excess and unmarketable inventory in Cost of goods sold.Shipping and Handling46Return to TopThe Company classifies shipping and handling fees billed to customers as Revenue, and shipping and handling costs as Cost of goods sold.Property, Plant and EquipmentProperty, plant and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation.Depreciation expense for the years ended December31, 2014, 2013and 2012was $81 million, $93 millionand $95 million, respectively.The amortization of assets obtained through capital leases is also recorded as a component of depreciation expense. Depreciation is provided for principally by use of the straight-line method for financial reporting purposes.Leasehold improvements are amortized over the lives of the respective leases or the service lives of the improvements, whichever is shorter.The Company records gains and losses from the sale of property, plant and equipment in operating profit.The principal estimated lives used in determining depreciation are as follows:Buildings27 to 40 yearsLeasehold improvements5 to 10 yearsMachinery and equipment5 to 12 yearsOffice furniture, data processing equipment and software3 to7 yearsGoodwill and Other Indefinite Lived IntangiblesGoodwill and Other indefinite-lived intangibles are subject to an assessment for impairment at least annually or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that goodwill or other indefinite lived intangibles might be impaired. The Company performs its annual assessment of impairment for goodwill in the first quarter.For goodwill, the first step is to identify whether a potential impairment exists. This is done by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying amount, including goodwill.Fair value for each of the Companys reporting units is estimated utilizing a combination of valuation techniques, namely the discounted cash flow and market multiple methodologies. The discounted cash flow analysis assumes the fair value of an asset can be estimated by the economic benefit or net cash flows the asset will generate over the life of the asset, discounted to its present value. The discounting process uses a rate of return that accounts for both the time value of money and the investment risk factors. The market multiple analysis estimates fair value based on what other participants in the market have recently paid for reasonably similar assets. Adjustments are made to compensate for differences between the reasonably similar assets and the assets being valued. The fair value of the reporting units is derived by using a combination of the two valuation techniques described above. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds the carrying value, no further analysis is necessary. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the second step is performed. The second step compares the carrying amount of the goodwill to the estimated fair value of the goodwill. If fair value is less than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is reported as a reduction to the goodwill and a charge to operating expense.For indefinite-lived intangible assets, the Company uses the relief from royalty method to estimate the fair value for indefinite-lived intangible assets and compares this value to book value. The underlying concept of the relief from royalty method is that the inherent economic value of intangibles is directly related to the timing of future cash flows associated with the intangible asset. Similar to the discounted cash flow methodology used to determine the fair value of goodwill, the fair value of indefinite-lived intangible assets is equal to the present value of after-tax cash flows associated with the intangible asset based on an applicable royalty rate. The royalty rate is determined by using existing market comparables for royalty agreements. The arms-length agreements generally support a rate that is a percentage of direct sales. This approach is based on the premise that the free cash flow is a more valid criterion for measuring value than book or accounting profits.Impairment of Long-Lived AssetsThe Company reviews long-lived assets, including property, plant and equipment and other intangibles with definite lives for impairment annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicated that the carrying amount of such an asset might not be recoverable. When indicators are present, management determines whether there has been an impairment on long-lived assets held for use in the business by comparing anticipated undiscounted future cash flow from the use and eventual disposition of the asset or asset group to the carrying value of the asset or asset group.The amount of any resulting impairment is calculated by comparing the carrying value to the fair value of the individual assets47Return to TopLong-lived assets that meet the definition of held for sale are valued at the lower of carrying amount or net realizable value. Assets or asset groups are determined at the lowest level possible for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. For assets whose aggregate undiscounted cash flows are less than its carrying value, the assets are considered potentially impaired and actual impairments, if any, would be determined to the extent the assets carrying value exceeds its aggregate fair value. Recoverability of long-lived assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to the estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated undiscounted future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. For the year ended December 31, 2014, earnings within the Candles Home Dcor segment include a one-time fixed asset impairment charge of $06 millionon certain machinery and equipment held and used at the Cumbria, United Kingdom facility see Note 21 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income LossAOCI is comprised of foreign currency cumulative translation adjustments, unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities, the net gains and losses on cash flow hedging instruments and net investment hedges.The Company reports, by major components and as a single total, the change in comprehensive income loss during the period as part of the Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity.The following table discloses the tax effects allocated to each component of AOCI in the financial statements:In thousandsDecember31, 2014December31, 2013December31, 2012Before-Tax AmountTax Expense or BenefitNet-of-tax AmountBefore-Tax AmountTax Expense or BenefitNet-of-tax AmountBefore-Tax AmountTax Expense or BenefitNet-of-tax AmountForeign currency translation  unrealized gain loss on certain  unrealized gain loss on cash flow hedging  Reclassification adjustments for gain loss included in net  comprehensive income  components of AOCI, net of tax, for the year ended December31, 2014are as follows:In thousandsForeign Currency Translation AdjustmentNet unrealized gain loss on certain investmentsNet unrealized gain loss on cash flow hedging instrumentsNet Investment Hedge gainTotalBeginning balance at January 1,  comprehensive income loss before  amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income loss 1 2408545Net current period other comprehensive income  balance at December 31,  All amounts net of a 35% tax rate2 Reclassified from AOCI into Foreign exchange and other, net and Cost of goods sold.Income Taxes48Return to TopIncome tax expense is based on taxable income, statutory tax rates and the impact of non-deductible items. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected tax consequences of temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts. The Company periodically estimates whether its tax benefits are more likely than not sustainable on audit, based on the technical merits of the position. There are inherent uncertainties related to the interpretation of tax regulations in the jurisdictions in which the Company transacts business. The judgments and estimates made at a point in time may change based on the outcome of tax audits, as well as changes to or further interpretations of regulations. If such changes take place, there is a risk that the Company tax rate may increase or decrease in any period.Deferred tax assets and liabilities reflect the Company best estimate of the tax benefits and costs expected to be realized in the future. The Company establishes valuation allowances to reduce its deferred tax assets to an amount that will more likely than not be realized.In accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes ASC 740, the Company recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be capable of withstanding examination by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position. A number of years may elapse before an uncertain tax position for which the Company has established a tax reserve is audited and finally resolved, and the number of years for which the Company has audits that are open varies depending on the tax jurisdiction a current summary is provided in Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. When facts and circumstances change, the Company reassesses these probabilities and records any necessary adjustments to the provision.The Company determined that a portion of its undistributed foreign earnings are not reinvested indefinitely by its non-U.S. subsidiaries, and accordingly, recorded a deferred income tax liability related to these undistributed earnings. The Company periodically reassesses whether the non-U.S. subsidiaries will invest their undistributed earnings indefinitely.Revenue RecognitionRevenues consist of sales to customers, net of returns and allowances.The Company recognizes revenue upon delivery, when both title and risk of loss are transferred to the customer.The Company presents revenues net of any taxes collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities. The Company also records revenue on financing fees from past due balances from financing receivables within its Catalog Internet segment.The Company records estimated reductions to revenue for customer promotions, volume incentives and other promotions. The Company also records reductions to revenue, based primarily on historical experience, for estimated customer returns and chargebacks that may arise as a result of shipping errors, product damaged in transit or for other reasons that can only become known subsequent to recognizing the revenue.In some instances, the Company receives payment in advance of product delivery and records it as deferred revenue.Upon delivery of product for which advance payment has been made, the related deferred revenue is reversed and recorded to revenue. Gift card sales are also included in deferred revenue. Upon redemption or when redemption is remote, the related deferred revenue is recorded to revenue. The Company considers applicable escheat laws and historical redemption data when realizing gift card revenue.The Company has established an allowance for doubtful accounts for its trade and financing receivables.The allowance is determined based on the Companys evaluation of specific customers ability to pay, aging of receivables, historical experience and the current economic environment. The sales price for the Companys products is fixed prior to the time of shipment to the customer.Customers have the right to return product in circumstances for which the Company believes are typical of the industry for such reasons as damaged goods, shipping errors or similar occurrences. Independent consultants within the Candles Home Decor segment are allowed to return unused product purchased within the past twelve months for a refund of 90% of its original purchase price. Earnings per Common and Common Equivalent ShareBasic earnings per common share and common share equivalents are computed based upon the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period. These outstanding shares include both outstanding common shares and vested restricted stock units RSUs as common stock equivalents. Diluted earnings per common share and common share equivalents reflect the potential dilution that could occur if options and fixed awards to be issued under stock-based compensation arrangements were converted into common stock.Employee Stock Compensation49Return to TopThe Company has share-based compensation plans as described in Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.In accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP, the Company measures and records compensation expense, based on estimated fair values, for all share-based awards made to employees and directors, including stock options, restricted stock and restricted stock units.The Company recognizes compensation expense for share-based awards expected to vest on a straight line basis with graded vesting over the requisite service period of the award based on their grant date fair value.Cost of Goods Sold and Operating ExpensesCost of goods sold includes the cost of raw materials and their procurement costs, inbound and outbound freight, and the direct and indirect costs associated with the personnel, resources and property, plant and equipment related to the manufacturing, warehousing, inventory management and order fulfillment functions. Selling expenses include commissions paid to consultants, customer service costs, catalog costs including printing and shipping, the salaries and benefits related to personnel within the marketing and selling functions, costs associated with promotional offers to independent consultants, allowances for doubtful accounts and other selling and marketing expenses. Administrative and other expenses includes salaries and related benefits associated with various administrative departments, including human resources, legal, information technology, finance and executive, as well as professional fees and administrative facility costs associated with leased buildings, office equipment and supplies.Promotional Offers to Independent ConsultantsThe Companys direct selling sales are generated by its independent consultants, who strive to maximize the interrelated objectives of selling product, scheduling or booking parties or events and recruiting new consultants.In order to encourage its consultants to accomplish these goals, the Company makes monthly promotional offers including free or discounted products to consultants and customers, as well as annual incentive trips and the payment of bonuses to consultants.Promotions, including free or discounted products, are designed to increase revenues by providing incentives for customers and guests attending shows whose purchases exceed a certain level. Promotional offers for free products are recorded as a charge to Cost of goods sold when incurred, and promotional offers for discounted products are recorded as a reduction of revenue when incurred with the full cost of the product being charged to Cost of goods sold.Sales bonuses are awarded based on achieving certain ranks within the compensation plan. These bonuses are paid monthly and are charged to selling expenses when earned.Annual incentive trips and bonuses are awarded to consultants who recruit new consultants or achieve certain sales levels. Estimated costs related to these promotional offers are recorded as compensation within Selling expense as they are earned. For the years ended December31, 2014, 2013and 2012, expenses related to promotional activities were $61 million, $66 millionand $65 million, respectively.Advertising and Catalog CostsThe Company expenses the costs of advertising as incurred, except the costs for direct-response advertising, which are capitalized and amortized over the expected period of future benefit. For the years ended December31, 2014, 2013and 2012, advertising expenses were $470 million, $648 millionand $665 million, respectively. As of December31, 2014and 2013, prepaid advertising expenses totaled $79 millionand $85 million, respectively.Direct-response advertising relates to the Silver Star Brands business and consists primarily of the costs to produce direct-mail order catalogs.The capitalized production costs are amortized for each specific catalog mailing over the period following catalog distribution in proportion to revenues orders received, compared to total estimated revenues for that particular catalog mailing.The amortization period is generally from three to six months and does not exceed twelve months.In the Candles Home Dcor segment, catalog production costs are capitalized and expensed as the catalogs are distributed, generally over less than a twelve month period.Note 2.New Accounting PronouncementsThe following is a list of accounting standards that could have an impact on future financial statements or disclosures upon adoption:In January 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-01,Income Statement - Extraordinary and Unusual Items Subtopic 225-20: Simplifying Income Statement Presentation by Eliminating the Concept of Extraordinary ItemsASU 2015-01. ASU 50Return to Top2015-01 eliminates the concept of an extraordinary item from GAAP. As a result, an entity is no longer required to separately classify, present, or disclose extraordinary events and transactions; however, the presentation and disclosure guidance for items that are unusual in nature or occur infrequently will be retained. The new standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The standard permits the use of applying changes prospectively and retrospectively to all prior periods presented in the financial statements. Early adoption is permitted provided that the guidance is applied from the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on the Companys consolidated financial position, results of operations and related disclosures.In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,Revenue from Contracts with Customers Topic 606 ASU 2014-09, which requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods and services to customers. ASU 2014-09 will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in GAAP when it becomes effective. The new standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is not permitted. The standard permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. The Company is evaluating the impact of the adoption on itsconsolidated financial position, results of operations and related disclosures.Note 3.Discontinued OperationsThe Company has early adopted ASU 2014-08, Presentation of Financial Statements Topic 205 and Property, Plant, and Equipment Topic 360: Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity ASU 2014-08.On September 4, 2014, the Company, ViSalus and certain of ViSaluss preferred stockholders entered into a recapitalization agreement pursuant to which ViSalus was recapitalized by exchanging each share of ViSalus preferred stock for 382shares of ViSalus common stock, thereby i reducing the Companys ownership interest in ViSalus from approximately 809%to 100%and ii eliminating the obligation of ViSalus to redeem the preferred stock in 2017 for approximately $1432 million and the related guaranty by the Company of ViSaluss performance of such obligation. In addition, the Company agreed to make available to ViSalus a revolving credit facility. On October 17, 2014, the Company and ViSalus entered into a revolving loan agreement the Blyth Revolving Loan Agreement pursuant to which the Company agreed to lend ViSalus up to $60 million. Loans under the revolving credit agreement bear interest at a rate of 10%per annum. Interest will be paid monthly and there will be no higher default rate of interest. The revolving loan involves related parties. Robert B. Goergen, Robert B. Goergen, Jr. and Todd A. Goergen own 829%, 034%and 281%, respectively, of the outstanding capital stock of ViSalus. On October 17, 2014, the founders of ViSalus and Robert B. Goergen the Founder Lenders entered into a substantially similar loan agreement with ViSalus the Founder Revolving Loan Agreement pursuant to which they made a revolving credit facility available to ViSalus in an amount up to $60 millionon terms that are substantially identical to the terms of the Blyth Revolving Loan Agreement. Loans made under the Blyth Revolving Loan Agreement and loans made under the Founder Revolving Loan Agreement will be made at the same time in equal amounts and will rank equally with each other. As of December31, 2014, ViSalus owed the Company $30 millionunder the Blyth Revolving Loan Agreement. In February 2015, the Company lent an additional $08 millionunder the agreement, bringing the amount outstanding to $38 million.As a result of its reduced ownership in ViSalus, the Company will no longer consolidate ViSalus results in the Company financial statements; rather, the ViSalus investment will be recorded on a cost basis subject to annual impairment reviews to ensure its investment is properly stated. The Company investment in ViSalus was evaluated for impairment at December 31, 2014 and, as a result, a $29 millionimpairment charge was recorded to the ViSalus investment bringing the ending investment value to $69 million.This transaction is presented as discontinued operations in the Consolidated Financial Statements and results of operations for the years ended December31, 2014, 2013and 2012. The Company recorded a gain on the recapitalization of ViSalus of $1189 million, net of income tax benefit of $07 million, as a result of the exchange of the ViSalus preferred stock for ViSalus common stock, which eliminated the Companys guaranty of ViSaluss agreement to redeem the preferred stock. This transaction is non-cash and was treated as a tax free exchange, as the preferred stockholders received ViSalus common stock in exchange for their preferred stock. On October 29, 2012, the Company completed the sale of its Sterno business for $235 millionin cash and recorded a gain of $55 million, net of income tax expense of $31 million. This transaction is presented as discontinued operations in the Consolidated Financial Statements and results of operations for the year ended December31, 2012.The following table details net earnings loss of discontinued operations for the years ended December 31:51Return to TopIn thousands201420132012Net  of goods  administrative and other  income and  loss before income taxes and noncontrolling  tax expense  Net earnings loss attributable to noncontrolling interests1,76869012,961Net earnings loss attributable to discontinued  following table details assets and liabilities of discontinued operations as of December 31, 2013:Total assets of discontinued operations In thousandsCash$7,914Accounts receivable,  and other1,349Deferred tax current2,517Other current assets1,166Current assets of discontinued operations34,208Net plant, property and  tax non-current5,800Intangible assets2,028Non-current assets of discontinued  liabilities of discontinued operationsAccounts payable$5,870Accrued expenses17,986Income taxes payable110Current liabilities of discontinued operations23,966Other liabilities865Redeemable preferred stock146,603Non-current liabilities of discontinued  4.Financing ReceivablesDuring 2012, Silver Star Brands entered into an agreement with a financial services company to offer financing services, including originating, collecting, and servicing customer receivables related to the purchase of Silver Star Brands products through a private credit financing program. New financing originations, which represent the amounts of financing provided by the service provider to customers, were approximately $209 millionand $148 millionfor the years ended December31, 2014and 2013, respectively. As of December31, 2014and 2013, the Company net financing receivables balances were $72 millionand $56 million, respectively. This balance is recorded in accounts receivable in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and includes income from financing fees which represents income from interest earned on outstanding balances and late fees.Silver Star Brands maintains an allowance to cover expected financing receivable credit losses and evaluates credit loss expectations based on its total portfolio. The allowance for credit losses is determined based on various factors, including historical and anticipated experience, past due receivables, receivable type, and customer risk profile. Accounts become past 52Return to Topdue and accrue interest 30 days after the first initial billing cycle when a payment due date is missed or only a partial payment is received. As of December31, 2014and 2013, the allowance for credit losses was $48 millionand $30 million, respectively. Provisions for the allowance of credit losses are recorded to selling expenses for product sales. Provisions for the allowance of interest income from financing or late fees is charged directly against net sales within the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. In 2014, provisions recorded to selling expense for product sales were $57 millionand provisions recorded directly against sales for interest income and late fees were $16 million. The Company continues to monitor broader economic indicators and their potential impact on future loss performance. The Company has an extensive process to manage its exposure to customer credit risk, including active management of credit lines and its collection activities. Based on its assessment of the customer financing receivables, the Company believes it is adequately reserved. Write-offs were 115%and 237%of 2014and 2013sales, respectively. The Company policy is to write-off financing receivables greater than 180 days past due with no collection activity and no receivable is placed on non-accrual status until it is written off. All write-offs are submitted to a third party collection agency. The majority of Silver Star Brands' financing receivables are considered sub-prime credit risk, which represent lower credit quality accounts that are comparable to FICO scores below 600. Credit decisions are based on propriety scorecards, which include the customer credit history, payment history, credit usage and other credit agency-related elements. Credit scores are obtained prior to a customers initial mailing and then rescored each season and adjusted accordingly. At a minimum each customer is rescored at least every six months.The following table summarizes the changes in the allowance for financing receivables credit losses for the respective periods:In thousandsDecember31, 2014December31, 2013Allowance for financing receivable credit losses:Balance at the beginning of period$2,988$712Provision for credit  at the end of period$4,767$2,988The following table summarizes the age of Silver Star Brands' customer financing receivables, gross, including interest and other finance charges, as of December31, 2014:In thousandsCurrentPast Due 1 - 90 Days91 - 180 DaysTotalFinancing  5.InvestmentsThe Company considers all money market funds and debt instruments, including certificates of deposit and commercial paper, purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents, unless the assets are restricted. The carrying value of cash and cash equivalents approximates its fair value.The Companys investments as of December31, 2014consisted of a number of financial securities including certificates of deposit, shares in mutual funds invested in short term bonds and a 10% ownership interest in a former subsidiary now treated asa cost investment.The Company accounts for its investments in debt and equity instruments in accordance with ASC 320, Investments Debt Equity Securities.The Company accounts for its cost investments in accordance with ASC 325, Investments Other.The following table summarizes, by major security type, the amortized costs and fair value of the Companys investments:December31, 2014December31, 2013In thousandsCost Basis1Fair ValueNet unrealized loss in AOCI2Cost Basis1Fair ValueNet unrealizedloss in AOCIShort-term bond mutual  of  in ViSalus6,8506,850Total  to Top1 The cost basis represents the actual amount paid less any permanent impairment of that asset2 The Company believes these short-term losses are temporary in nature and that, therefore, no permanent impairment is required.As of December31, 2014and 2013, the Company held $190 millionand $80 million, respectively, of short-term bond mutual funds, which are classified as short-term available for sale investments. Unrealized losses on these investments that are considered temporary are recorded in AOCI.These securities are valued based on quoted prices in active markets. As of December31, 2014and 2013, the Company recorded $01 millionand insignificant unrealized losses, net of tax, respectively.Also included in long-term investments are certificates of deposit that are held as collateral for the Companys outstanding standby letters of credit and for foreign operations of $11 millionDecember31, 2014and 2013, respectively.These investments are recorded at fair value which approximates cost and interest earned on these isrecorded in Interest income in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.The Company accounts for its noncontrolling interest in ViSalus on a cost basis under ASC 325. This investment was evaluated for impairment at December 31, 2014 and, as a result, a $29 millionimpairment charge was recorded to the ViSalus investment bringing the ending investment value to $69 million.These transactions involve related parties as discussed in Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.In addition to the investments noted above, the Company holds mutual funds as part of a deferred compensation plan which are classified as available for sale. As of December31, 2014and 2013, the fair value of these securities was $10 million. These securities are valued based on quoted prices in an active market. Unrealized gains and losses on these securities are recorded in AOCI. These mutual funds are included in Other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.The following table summarizes the proceeds and realized gains and losses on the sale of available for sale investments recorded in Foreign exchange and other within the Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the years ended December31, 2014and 2013. Gains and losses reclassified from AOCI, net to foreign exchange, in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings are calculated using the specific identification method.In thousandsDecember31, 2014December31, 2013Net proceeds$8,900$44,655Realized losses$8$304Note 6.InventoriesThe major components of Inventories are as follows:In thousandsDecember31, 2014December31, 2013Raw materials$3,259$3,642Finished  of December31, 2014and 2013, the inventory valuation reserves totaled $50 millionand $55 million, respectively. The Company recorded provisions for obsolete, excess and unmarketable inventory to Cost of goods sold in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the years ended December31, 2014, 2013and 2012of $31 million, $24 millionand $03 million, respectively.Note 7.Derivatives and Other Financial InstrumentsThe Company uses foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on foreign denominated inventory purchases, net assets of its foreign operations, intercompany payables and loans. The Company does not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for trading purposes.The Company has hedged the net assets of certain of its foreign operations through foreign currency forward contracts. The realized and unrealized gains/losses on these hedges are recorded within AOCI until the investment is sold or disposed of. As of December31, 2014, there were no outstanding net investment hedges. The cumulative net after-tax gain related to net investment hedges in AOCI as of December31, 2014and 2013was $41 millionand $23 million, respectively54Return to TopThe Company has designated its foreign currency forward contracts related to certain foreign denominated loans and intercompany payables as fair value hedges.The gains or losses on the fair value hedges are recognized into earnings and generally offset the transaction gains or losses in the foreign denominated loans that they are intended to hedge.The Company has designated forward exchange contracts on forecasted intercompany inventory purchases and future purchase commitments as cash flow hedges and as long as the hedge remains effective and the underlying transaction remains probable, the effective portion of the changes in the fair value of these contracts will be recorded in AOCI until earnings are affected by the variability of the cash flows being hedged. Upon settlement of each commitment, the underlying forward contract is closed and the corresponding gain or loss is transferred from AOCI and is included in the measurement of the cost of the acquired asset upon sale.If a hedging instrument is sold or terminated prior to maturity, gains and losses are deferred in AOCI until the hedged item is settled.However, if the hedged item is no longer probable of occurring, the resultant gain or loss on the terminated hedge is recognized into earnings immediately.The net after-tax unrealized gain included inAOCI at December31, 2014for cash flow hedges was $02 millionand is expected to be transferred into earnings within the next twelve months upon settlement of the underlying commitment. The net after-tax unrealized loss included inAOCI at December31, 2013for cash flow hedges was $01 million.For financial statement presentation, net cash flows from such hedges are classified in the categories of the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows with the items being hedged. Forward contracts held with each bank are presented within the Consolidated Balance Sheets as a net asset or liability, based on netting agreements with each bank and whether the forward contracts are in a net gain or loss position. The foreign exchange contracts outstanding have maturity dates through October 2015.The table below details the fair value and location of the Companys hedges in the Consolidated Balance Sheets:In thousandsDecember 31, 2014December 31, 2013Derivatives designated as hedging instrumentsPrepaid AssetsAccrued ExpensesForeign exchange forward contracts in an asset position$405$44Foreign exchange forward contracts in a liability position8225Net derivatives at fair value$397$181For the years ended December31, 2014and 2013, the Company recorded gains of $04 millionand losses of $03 million, respectively, related to foreign exchange forward contracts accounted for as Fair Value hedges to Foreign exchange and other.Gain and loss activity recorded to Cost of goods sold and reclassified from AOCI to the Companys cash flow hedges are as follows:Cash Flow Hedging RelationshipsAmount of Gain LossRecognized in AOCI on DerivativeEffective PortionAmount of Gain LossReclassified from AOCI into IncomeEffective PortionIn thousandsDecember31, 2014December31, 2013December31, 2014December31, 2013Foreign exchange forward  the years ended December31, 2014and December31, 2013, the Company recorded gains of $18 millionand losses of $14 million, respectively, to AOCI related to foreign exchange forward contracts accounted for as Net Investment hedges.Note 8. Goodwill and Other IntangiblesGoodwill is subject to an assessment for impairment using a two-step fair value-based test and, as such, other intangibles are also subject to impairment reviews, which must be performed at least annually or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that goodwill or other indefinite-lived intangibles might be impaired.As of December31, 2014and 2013, the carrying amount of the Companys goodwill within the Candles Home Dcor segment was $23 million.Other intangible assets include indefinite-lived trade names and trademarks and customer relationships related to the Companys acquisition of Miles Kimball and Walter Drake, which are reported in the Catalog Internet segment55Return to TopDuring the year ended December 31, 2012, the Exposures brand under the Silver Star Brands business experienced substantial declines in revenues when compared to its forecasts and prior years. The Company believes this shortfall in revenue was primarily attributable to decreased consumer spending, due to changes in the business environment and adverse economic conditions. As a result of the impairment analysis performed, the indefinite-lived trade name was determined to be partly impaired, as the fair value of this brand was less than its carrying value. Accordingly, the Company recorded a non-cash pre-tax impairment charge of $08 millionto Administrative and other expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings resulting in a carrying value of $06 million.The indefinite-lived trade names and trademarks were valued at $66 millionas of December31, 2014and 2013, respectively.The Company does not amortize the indefinite-lived trade names and trademarks, but rather tests for impairment annually and upon the occurrence of a triggering event. The initial gross value of all indefinite-lived trade names and trademarks and customer relationships was $281 millionand $154 million, respectively, within the Catalog Internet segment. The difference between the initial gross value and its current carrying value represents impairment charges previously recorded for indefinite-lived trade names and trademarks and prior period amortization for customer relationships.Other intangible assets within the Catalog Internet segment include the following:In thousandsIndefinite-lived trade names and trademarksCustomer relationshipsOther intangibles at December31,  intangibles at December31,  intangibles at December31, 2014$6,566$27Amortization expense is recorded on an accelerated basis over the estimated lives of the customer lists ranging from 5to 12years.For the years ended December31, 2014and 2013, amortization expense was $02 millionand $06 million, respectively.Amortization expense in 2015 is an insignificant amount. The weighted average remaining life of the Companys customer lists was 11years at December31, 2014.Note 9.Fair Value MeasurementsThe fair-value hierarchy established in ASC 820prioritizes the inputs used in valuation techniques into three levels as follows:Level-1 Observable inputs quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilitiesLevel-2 Observable inputs other than the quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities such as quoted prices for similar instruments, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in inactive markets, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data;Level-3 Unobservable inputs includes amounts derived from valuation models where one or more significant inputs are unobservable and require the Company to develop relevant assumptions56Return to TopAssets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring BasisThe following tables summarizes thefinancial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as ofDecember31, 2014and 2013, and the basis for that measurement, by level within the fair value hierarchy:In thousandsBalance as of December31, 2014Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets Level 1Significantother observable inputsLevel 2Significantunobservable inputsLevel 3Financial assetsShort-term bond mutual  of deposit1,1011,101Foreign exchange forward contracts405405Deferred compensation plan assets  liabilitiesForeign exchange forward  as an Other asset with an offsetting liability for the obligation to employees in Other liabilities.In thousandsBalance as of December31, 2013Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets Level 1Significantother observable inputsLevel 2Significantunobservable inputsLevel 3Financial assetsShort-term bond mutual  of deposit1,0701,070Foreign exchange forward contracts4444Deferred compensation plan assets  liabilitiesForeign exchange forward contracts$225$$225$1 Recorded as an Other asset with an offsetting liability for the obligation to employees in Other liabilities.The Company values its investments in equity securities within the deferred compensation plan and its investments in short term bond mutual funds using level 1 inputs, by obtaining quoted prices in active markets.The deferred compensation plan assets consist of shares of mutual funds. The Company also enters into both cash flow and fair value hedges by purchasing foreign currency exchange forward contracts. These contracts are valued using level 2 inputs, primarily observable forward foreign exchange rates. The certificates of deposit that are used to collateralize some of the Companys letters of credit have been valued using information classified as level 2, as these are not traded on the open market and are held unsecured by one counterparty.The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents, trade and other receivables and trade payables are considered to be representative of their respective fair values.Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring BasisThe Company is required, on a non-recurring basis, to adjust the carrying value or provide valuation allowances for certain assets using fair value measurements in accordance with ASC 820. The Companys assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis include property, plant and equipment, goodwill, intangibles, its ViSalus investment and other assets. These assets are not measured at fair value on a recurring basis; however, they are subject to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances, such as when there is evidence that impairment may exist. The Company investment in ViSalus was evaluated for impairment at December 31, 2014 and, as a result, a $29 millionimpairment charge was recorded to the ViSalus investment bringing the ending investment value to $69 million.The Company used a discounted cash flow model to estimate the fair value of its ViSalus investment. This model incorporated the most recent long term strategic forecast of the business to determine the estimated cash flows, which were then discounted to arrive at its net present value. The discount rate used to determine its present value considers the time value of money, certain growth rate assumptions, other investment risk factors and the terminal value of the business57Return to TopGoodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles are subject to impairment testing on an annual basis, or sooner if circumstances indicate a condition of impairment may exist. The valuation uses assumptions such as interest and discount rates, growth projections and other assumptions of future business conditions. These valuation methods require a significant degree of management judgment concerning the use of internal and external data. In the event these methods indicate that fair value is less than the carrying value, the asset is recorded at fair value as determined by the valuation models. As such, the Company classifies goodwill and other intangibles subjected to nonrecurring fair value adjustments as level3.The fair value of the Companys long-lived assets, primarily property, plant and equipment, is reviewed whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that carrying amounts of a long-lived assets may not be recoverable. Management determines whether there has been an impairment of long-lived assets held for use in the business by comparing anticipated undiscounted future cash flows from the use and eventual disposition of the asset or asset group to the carrying value of the asset.The amount of any resulting impairment is calculated by comparing the carrying value to the fair value.For the year ended December 31, 2014, earnings within the Candles Home Dcor segment include a one-time fixed asset impairment charge of $06 millionon certain machinery and equipment held and used at the Cumbria, United Kingdom facility see Note 21 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Long-lived assets that meet the definition of held for sale are valued at the lower of carrying amount or net realizable value.Assets or asset groups are determined at the lowest level possible for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. For assets whose aggregate undiscounted cash flows are less than carrying value, the assets are considered potentially impaired and actual impairments, if any, would be determined to the extent the assets' carrying values exceeds its aggregate fair values.The valuation of these assets uses a significant amount of managements judgment and uses information provided by third parties. The local real estate market, regional comparatives, estimated concessions and transaction costs are all considered when determining the fair value of these assets. Due to the nature of this information and the assumptions made by management, the Company has classified the inputs used in valuing these assets as level 3.Note 10.Accrued ExpensesAccrued expenses consist of the following:In thousandsDecember31, 2014December31, 2013Compensation and benefits$9,707$11,715Deferred  payable2,341384Postage Freight2,4761,763Professional fees2,7341,433Taxes, other than income1,5161,632Self insurance  11. Long-Term DebtLong-term debt consists of the following:In thousandsDecember31, 2014December31, 2013600% Senior  current  to TopOn May10, 2013, the Company issued $500 millionprincipal amount of 600%Senior Notes. The Senior Notes bore interest payable semi-annually in arrears on May 15 and November 15. In connection with the ViSalus recapitalization, the Company amended the indenture governing the Senior Notes to provide for notice of the mandatory redemption of the Senior Notes on the earlier ofMarch 4, 2015or the date, if any, that the Company consummated a new financing in the amount of at least $500 million.In early March 2015, the Company provided the notice of the mandatory redemption of the Senior Notes, which became due and were repaid on March 10, 2015. This amendment was accounted for as a modification in accordance with ASC section 470-50 Debt -Modifications and Extinguishments. As a result, the Company was required to a pay a $30 millionredemption premium in addition to accrued interest on the redemption date. The redemption premium will be expensed on a pro rata basis from September 4, 2014 through the redemption date. As of December31, 2014, the Company recorded $07 millionof additional interest expense associated with the redemption premium. The Company has classified the Senior Notes as current. In addition, to secure the obligations under the indenture, the Company granted a security interest to the lender in substantially all of its personal property and certain of its real property.As of December31, 2014and 2013, Silver Star Brands had approximately $49 millionand $55 million, respectively, of long-term debt outstanding under a real estate mortgage note payable which matures June 1, 2020.Under the terms of the note, payments of principal and interest are required monthly at a fixed interest rate of 789%.Maturities under debt obligations for the years ending December 31 are as follows In  Companys debt is recorded at its amortized cost basis which approximates its fair value. As of December31, 2014, the Company had a total of $24 millionavailable under an uncommitted bank facility to be used for letters of credit through January 31, 2015.As of December31, 2014, no amount was outstanding under this facility.As of December31, 2014, the Company had $11 millionin standby letters of credit outstanding that are collateralized with a certificate of deposit and have an expiration date of March 1, 2015.Note 12.Employee Benefit PlansThe Company has defined contribution employee benefit plans in both the United States and certain of its foreign locations, covering substantially all eligible non-union employees.Contributions to all such plans are principally at the Companys discretion.Total expense related to all defined contribution plans in the United States for the years ended December31, 2014, 2013and 2012was $12 million, $15 millionand $16 million, respectively.Certain of the Companys non-U.S. subsidiaries provide pension benefits to employees or participate in government sponsored programs.The cost of these plans or government sponsored programs was $17 million, $18 millionand $17 millionfor the years ended December31, 2014, 2013and 2012, respectively. Most employees outside the United States are covered by government sponsored and administered programs. Other contributions to government-mandated programs are not expected to be significant.Note 13. Commitments and ContingenciesThe Company utilizes operating and capital leases for a portion of its facilities and equipment.Generally, the leases provide that the Company pay real estate taxes, maintenance, insurance and other occupancy expenses applicable to leased premises.Certain leases provide for renewal for various periods at stipulated rates59Return to TopThe minimum future rental commitments under operating and capital leases are as follows In thousands:For the years ending December  thereafter2,188Total minimum payments required$19,105Rent expense for the years ended December31, 2014, 2013and 2012was $54 million, $65 millionand $95 million, respectively.The Company is involved in litigation arising in the ordinary course of business, which, in its opinion, will not have amaterial adverse effect on its financial position, results of operations or cash flows.Note 14. Income TaxesEarnings loss from operations before income taxes and noncontrolling interest for the years ended:In thousandsDecember31, 2014December31, 2013December31, 2012United  tax expense benefit attributable to continuing operations consists of the following for the years ended:In thousandsDecember31, 2014December31, 2013December31, 2012Currentincome tax  income tax expense  components of the Companys deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows for the years ended:60Return to TopIn thousandsDecember31, 2014December31, 2013Deferred tax assets:Amortization of  expenses and other1,4015,994Allowance for doubtful receivables1,8911,217Employee benefit plans2,3562,832Inventory reserves353815Foreign tax credits19,58816,758Net operating loss17,57515,739Capital loss carryforward1,4421,995Basis difference on investment40,305Uncertain tax positions1,1211,121Other reserves251300Valuation  tax liabilities:Prepaid and  foreign  and  deferred tax asset liability$10,771$3,720A valuation allowance for deferred tax assets is recorded to the extent the Company cannot determine that the ultimate realization of a deferred tax asset is more likely than not. In determining the need for a valuation allowance, the Company assesses all available positive and negative evidence and considers available tax planning strategies. The Companys valuation allowance relates to certain U.S. and non-U.S. tax loss carryforwards, state loss carryforwards, Foreign Tax Credit carryforwards, Basis Difference on Investments, and a U.S. capital loss carryforward, for which the Company believes, due to various reasons noted below, that it is more likely than not that such benefits will not be realized. The change in the Company valuation allowance of $611 millionis primarily related to the establishment of a valuation for the Foreign Tax Credit carryforward and the Basis Difference on its Investment in ViSalus. As of December31, 2014, the Company had Valuation Allowances related to the following:U.S. federal operating loss carryforwards of $57 millionlimited by Internal Revenue Code section 382 with a corresponding deferred tax asset of $22 millionthat will expire on December 31, 2022, offset by a valuation allowance of $17 million; U.S. state operating losses of $1586 millionthat will begin to expire in 2017 with a corresponding deferred tax asset of $81 million, offset by a valuation allowance of $81 million;Foreign operating losses of $245 millionthat will begin to expire in 2017 with a corresponding deferred tax asset of $72 million, offset by a valuation allowance of $67 million;U.S. capital loss carryforward of $40 millionwhich will begin to expire in 2017, offset by a valuation allowance of $14 million;Foreign Tax Credit carryforward of $196 millionthat is offset in its entirety by a valuation allowance of $196 million. During the fourth quarter of 2014, the Company established a full valuation allowance on this carryforward since it was determined that the Company, more likely than not, will not generate sufficient U.S. taxable income to realize its Foreign Tax Credit deferred tax asset within the carryforward period. This determination was primarily due to U.S. cumulative losses in recent years, and the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the euro which will effect its ability to both repatriate earnings from its European subsidiaries and implement the tax planning strategies that were previously identified.Basis Difference in its Investment in ViSalus of $403 millionthat is offset in its entirety by a $403 millionvaluation allowance which was established as of December31, 2014. The Company recorded a valuation allowance on this asset as the gain on a potential disposal of the Companys investment in ViSalus would result in a capital loss and, as of December 31, 2014, the Company does not have capital gains available to utilize this loss; and Other deferred assets of $100 millionwith an offsetting state valuation allowance of $03 million61Return to TopAs of December31, 2014, the Company determined that $1765 millionof undistributed foreign earnings were not reinvested indefinitely by its non-U.S. subsidiaries.An accumulated deferred tax liability has been recorded against these undistributed earnings of $11 million, which includes the impact of utilization of available foreign tax credits. As of December31, 2014, undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries considered permanently reinvested, for which deferred income taxes have not been provided, were approximately $961 million. Determining the tax liability that would arise if these earnings were remitted is not practicable. A reconciliation of the provision for income taxes to the amount computed at the federal statutory rate is as follows for the years ended:In thousandsDecember31, 2014December31, 2013December31, 2012Tax at statutory rate$1,229$2,288$123Tax effect of:U.S. state income taxes, net of federal benefit351481,508Tax exempt interest1122Other non-deductible expenses and return to provision  from non-consolidating domestic subsidiary8521,120Valuation allowance on foreign tax credits19,588Valuation allowance movement on capital loss  in reserve for tax  impairment1,015Foreign dividend and subpart F income9,78211,20315,020Tax benefit on undistributed foreign  tax rate  following is a reconciliation of the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions, excluding interest and penalties, during the year ended December31, 2014:In thousandsBalance as of January 1, 2014$4,035Gross increases tax positions prior periods7Gross decreases tax positions prior periodsGross increases tax positions current periodGross decreases tax positions current periodDecreases settlements with taxing authorities707Reductions - lapse of statute of limitations544December 31, 2014$2,791As of December31, 2014, the Company had $28 millionof gross unrecognized tax benefits, excluding interest and penalties. This amount represents the portion that, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate.The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense.As of December31, 2014and 2013, the Company had $44 millionaccrued for the payment of interest and penalties. Interest in the amount of $01 millionand $02 millionadversely impacted the current year and the prior year tax rate, respectively.Due to the various jurisdictions in which the Company files tax returns and the uncertainty regarding the timing of the settlement of tax audits, it is possible that there could be other significant changes in the amount of unrecognized tax benefits in 2014, but the amount cannot be estimated.The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, various state and local jurisdictions, and many foreign jurisdictions.The number of years with open tax audits varies depending on the tax jurisdiction. The Companys major taxing jurisdictions include the United States including the state jurisdictions of California, Connecticut, Illinois, Massachusetts and 62Return to TopMichigan, Canada, Germany and Switzerland. In the United States, the Company is currently open to examination by the Internal Revenue Service for the year ended December 31, 2013.Additionally, in Canada and Germany the Company is open to examination for fiscal years 2008 through 2013 and is currently under audit in Canada for fiscal years ended January 31, 2009 through 2011 and in Germany for the years ended 2010 to 2012. In Switzerland, the Company is open to examination for years ended 2009 through 2012.Note 15. Related Party TransactionsThe acquisition and recapitalization of ViSalus involves related parties. ViSalus was owned in part by Ropart Asset Management Fund, LLC and related entities collectively, RAM, which owned a significant non-controlling interest inViSalus at the time of acquisition and through September 2012. In September 2012, RAM distributed its interest in ViSalus toits members, including Robert B. Goergen executive Chairman of the Board of Directors, Robert B. Goergen, Jr. President and Chief Executive Officer and Todd A. Goergen son of Robert B. Goergen and brother of Robert B. Goergen, Jr. Robert B. Goergen beneficially owns approximately 360%of the Companys outstanding common stock, and together with members of his family, owns substantially all of RAM. Todd A. Goergen is currently a member of the Board of Directors of ViSalus and was a member of the board of ViSalus at the time of the acquisition and recapitalization.Revolving Loan Agreement with ViSalus. In connection with the ViSalus recapitalization, the Company agreed to makeavailable to ViSalus a $60 millionrevolving credit facility. On October 17, 2014, the founders of ViSalus and Robert B.Goergen the Founder Lenders entered into a substantially similar loan agreement with ViSalus the Founder RevolvingLoan Agreement pursuant to which they made a revolving credit facility available to ViSalus in an amount up to $60 millionon terms that are substantially identical to the terms of the Blyth Revolving Loan Agreement. Loans made under the BlythRevolving Loan Agreement and loans made under the Founder Revolving Loan Agreement will be made at the same time inequal amounts and will rank equally with each other. The revolving loan involves related parties. Robert B. Goergen, Robert B.Goergen, Jr. and Todd A. Goergen own 829%, 034%and 281%, respectively, of the outstanding capital stock of ViSalus as of December31, 2014. As of December31, 2014, ViSalus owed the Company $30 millionunder the Blyth Revolving Loan Agreement. In February 2015, the Company lent an additional $08 millionto ViSalus, bringing the amount outstanding to $38 million.Management and Transition Services with ViSalus. In July 2012, ViSalus and the Company entered into a management servicesagreement under which the Company provided certain administrative support services to ViSalus for what was believed to bean arm length price for such services. The basis for determining the price for the services under the management servicesagreement was on a cost recovery basis and required ViSalus to pay for such services within 30 days of receipt of the invoice.In connection with the recapitalization of ViSalus in September 2014, the Company and ViSalus entered into a new transition services agreement pursuant to which the Company agreed to provide certain transition services to ViSalus, including, general administrative services, certain business support services, payroll services and maintenance of certain insurance policies and employee benefit programs. Transition services will be provided for terms that vary by service and are generally considered sufficient to allow ViSalus to arrange for such services on its own behalf following the recapitalization. The transition services will be provided at a fee that is 6% greater than the Companys actual, out-of-pocket expenses in providing the applicable transition service. The total cost of services that were provided in 2014 under both the management and transition services agreements was $08 million. The estimated management fee for administrative services for 2015 is $02 million.RAM Sublease. For the years ended December31, 2014and 2013, RAM paid the Company $02 million, respectively,to sublet office space, which the Company believes approximates the fair market rental for the rental period.Term Loan and the Intercreditor Agreement.The term loan and the intercreditor agreement involve related parties since the term lender is owned by Robert B. Goergen, the executive Chairman of the Board, and Pamela Goergen, Mr. Goergens wife and a former member of the Companys board of directors. See Note 21 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.Note 16. Stock-Based CompensationAs of December 31, 2014, the Company had one active stock-based compensation plan, the Second Amended and Restated Omnibus Incentive Plan 2003 Plan, available to grant future awards. There were 2,040,897shares authorized for grant as of December 31, 2014, and approximately 1,570,776shares available for grant under the 2003 Plan. The Companys policy is to issue new shares of common stock for all stock options exercised and restricted stock grants.The Board of Directors and the stockholders of the Company have approved the adoption and subsequent amendments of the 2003 Plan. The 2003 Plan provides for grants of incentive and nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance shares, performance units, dividend equivalents and other stock unit awards to 63Return to Topofficers and employees. The 2003 Plan also provides for grants ofnonqualified stock options to directors of the Company who are not, and who have not been during the immediately preceding 12-month period, officers or employees of the Company or any of its subsidiaries. Restricted stock and restricted stock units RSUs are granted to certain employees to incent performance and retention. RSUs issued under these plans provide that shares awarded may not be sold or otherwise transferred until restrictions have lapsed. The release of RSUs on each of the vesting dates is contingent upon continued active employment by the employee until the vesting dates. Stock-based compensation expense recognized during the period is based on the value of the portion of stock-based payment awards that is ultimately expected to vest during the period. Stock-based compensation expense recognized in the Companys Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the years ended December31, 2014, 2013and 2012included compensation expense for restricted stock, RSUs and stock-based awards granted subsequent to January 31, 2006 based on the grant date fair value estimated in accordance with the provisions of ASC 718, CompensationStock Compensation ASC 718. The Company recognizes these compensation costs net of a forfeiture rate for only those awards expected to vest, on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the award, which is over periods of 3years for stock options; 2to 5years for employee restricted stock and RSUs; and 1to 2years for non-employee restricted stock and RSUs. Forfeitures are estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates.Transactions related to restricted stock and RSUs are summarized as follows:SharesWeighted AverageGrant Date Fair ValueAggregate IntrinsicValueIn thousandsNonvested restricted stock and RSUs at December31,  restricted stock and RSUs at December31,  restricted stock and RSUs at December31, 2014165,885$1095$1,518Total restricted stock and RSUs at December31,  expense related to restricted stock and RSUs for the years ended December31, 2014, 2013and 2012was approximately $12 million, $17 millionand $46 million, respectively. The total recognized tax benefit for the years ended December31, 2014, 2013and 2012was approximately $04 million, $06 millionand $17 million, respectively. The total intrinsic value of restricted stock and RSUs vested for the years ended December31, 2014and 2013was $06 million. The weighted average grant date fair value of restricted stock and RSUs granted during the years ended December31, 2014, 2013and 2012was approximately $9, $16and $36per share, respectively. The average grant date fair value of restricted stock and RSUs vested for the years ended December31, 2014, 2013and 2012was approximately $27, $29and $20per share, respectively.As of December31, 2014, there was $05 millionof unearned compensation expense related to non-vested restricted stock and RSU awards.This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 17years.The total unrecognized stock-based compensation cost to be recognized in future periods as of December31, 2014does not consider the effect of stock-based awards that may be issued in subsequent periods.At December31, 2013, options to purchase 2,500shares were vested and exercisable at a weighted average exercise price of 6337. As of December31, 2014, all stock options have expired. There were no grants or exercises of stock options for the year ended December 31, 2014.Note 17. Earnings Per ShareVested restricted stock units issued under the Companys stock-based compensation plans participate in a cash equivalent of the dividends paid to common shareholders and are not considered contingently issuable shares. Accordingly, these RSUs are 64Return to Topincluded in the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share as common stock equivalents. RSUs that have not vested and are subject to a risk of forfeiture are included solely in the calculation of diluted earnings per share.The components of basic and diluted earnings per share are as follows for the years ended:In thousandsDecember31, 2014December31, 2013December31, 2012Net earnings attributable to Blyth,  average number outstanding:Common  restricted stock units655567Weighted average number of common shares  effect of stock options and non-vested restricted shares  earnings loss per share:Net earnings loss from continuing  earnings from discontinued operations693018240Net earnings attributable per share of Blyth, Inc.$538$015$256Diluted earnings loss per share:Net earnings loss from continuing  earnings from discontinued operations691018239Net earnings attributable per share of Blyth, Inc.$537$015$255All weighted average shares outstanding in the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share have been adjusted retroactively to reflect the two-for-one stock split that took place on June 15, 2012.Note 18.Treasury and Common StockTreasury StockIn thousands, except sharesSharesAmountBalance at December 31,  stock  stock withheld in connection with long-term incentive plan45,2631,623December 31,  stock  stock withheld in connection with long-term incentive plan18,521305December 31,  stock withheld in connection with long-term incentive plan14,678131Balance at December31,  StockIn thousands, except sharesSharesAmountBalance at December 31, 201125,641,484$514Common stock issued for the purchase of additional ViSalus interest681,32414Common stock issued in connection with long-term incentive plan182,4022December 31, 201226,505,210$530Common stock issued in connection with long-term incentive plan68,8212December 31, 201326,574,031$532Common stock issued in connection with long-term incentive plan68,2191Balance at December31, 201426,642,250$53365Return to TopAll share amounts, including shares outstanding and activity of Treasury stock and Common stock have been adjusted retroactively to reflect the two-for-one stock split that took place on June 15, 2012.Note 19. Segment InformationThe Companys products include an extensive array of decorative and functional household products such as candles, accessories, seasonal decorations, household convenience items and personalized gifts, as well as health, wellness and beauty related products. The Company products can be found primarily throughout the United States, Canada, Mexico, Europe and Australia. The Company financial results are reported in two segments: the Candles Home Dcor segment and the Catalog Internet segment.Within the Candles Home Dcor segment, the Company designs, manufactures or sources, markets and distributes an extensive line of products including scented candles, candle-related accessories and other fragranced products under the PartyLitebrand. Products in this segment are primarily sold through networks of independent sales consultants. PartyLite brand products are sold primarily in the United States, Canada, Mexico, Europe and Australia. Within the Catalog Internet segment, under the Silver Star Brands name, the Company designs, sources and markets a broad range of household convenience items, health, wellness and beauty products, holiday cards, personalized gifts, kitchen accessories, premium photo albums and frames. These products are sold directly to the consumer under the Miles Kimball, Walter Drake, Easy Comforts, As We Change, Exposuresand Native Remedies brands. These products are sold in the United States and Canada.Operating profit in all segments represents net sales less operating expenses directly related to the business segments and corporate expenses allocated to the business segments.Other expense includes Interest expense, Interest income, and Foreign exchange and other which are not allocated to the business segments.Identifiable assets for each segment consist of assets used directly in its operations and intangible assets, if any, resulting from purchase business combinations.Unallocated Corporate within the identifiable assets include cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, discontinued operations, prepaid income tax, corporate fixed assets, deferred debt costs and other long-term investments, which are not allocated to the business segments. Corporate expenses are allocated to each segment based on budgeted sales.The geographic area data includes net sales based on product shipment destination and long-lived assets, which consist of fixed assets, based on physical location66Return to TopOperating Segment InformationIn thousandsFor the year endedFinancial InformationDecember31, 2014December31, 2013December31, 2012Net Sales331Candles Home   1Candles Home   profit7,09711,8904,015Other Expense/Income  loss before income taxes and non-controlling  AssetsCandles Home   Expenditures 2Candles Home Dcor1,9082,8197,792Catalog Internet922223896Unallocated  and AmortizationCandles Home Dcor6,1396,6166,499Catalog   InformationNet SalesUnited  Lived AssetsUnited  the year ended December 31, 2014, earnings within the Candles Home Dcor segment include a one-time fixed asset impairment charge of $06 millionon certain machinery and equipment located at the Cumbria, United Kingdom facility See Note 21 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. For the year ended December 31, 2012, earnings within the Catalog Internet segment include non-cash pre-tax intangibles impairment charges of $08 millionSee Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements2Capital expenditures are presented net of disposals and transfers. The unallocated corporate balance is net of transfers to other divisions3As adjusted for discontinued operations See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements4For the year ended December 31, 2014, the Company recorded a $29 millionimpairment charge on its ViSalus investment. On February 4, 2013, the Company received $100 millionas a final settlement on a promissory note. As a result of this settlement, the Company recorded an impairment charge in Foreign Exchange and Other expense of $16 million, net of other adjustments, to write-down the promissory note to the settlement amount.Note 20. Selected Quarterly Financial Data Unaudited67Return to TopA summary of selected quarterly information for the year ended December31, 2014and December31, 2013is as follows:December 31, 2014 Quarter EndedIn thousands, except per share data2March 31June 30September 30December 31Net   profit  loss from continuing  earnings loss from discontinued  earnings loss attributable to Blyth,  earnings per shareNet loss from continuing  earnings loss from discontinued  earnings loss attributable to Blyth, Inc.  earnings per shareNet loss from continuing  earnings loss from discontinued  earnings loss attributable to Blyth, Inc.  31, 2013 Quarter EndedIn thousands, except per share data2March 31June 30September 30December 31Net   profit  earnings loss from continuing  earnings loss from discontinued  earnings loss attributable to Blyth,  earnings per shareNet earnings loss from continuing  earnings loss from discontinued  earnings loss attributable to Blyth, Inc.  earnings per shareNet earnings loss from continuing  earnings loss from discontinued  earnings loss attributable to Blyth, Inc.  The sum of per share amounts for the quarters does not necessarily equal that reported for the year because the computations are made independently2 As adjusted for change in discontinued operations See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.Note 21. Subsequent EventsPartyLite has in recent years manufactured substantially all of its candles at its facilities in Batavia, Illinois and Cumbria, United Kingdom. On January 13, 2015, as part of the Company efforts to centralize PartyLites manufacturing operations and reduce duplication of functions, the Company Board of Directors approved PartyLites creation of a Global Center of Excellence in Batavia, Illinois and the closing of its manufacturing facility located in Cumbria, United Kingdom. The closure of this facility is scheduled to commence in the first quarter of 2015. As of December 31, 2014, the Company has recorded a one-time fixed asset impairment of $06 millionon certain machinery and equipment located at the Cumbria, United Kingdom facility. All assets have been classified as held and used as of December 31, 2014 as the facility can not be sold in its present condition and there have been no plans to market it. The Company estimates that closing PartyLites Cumbria facility will result in total annualized savings of $80 million, or $400 millionover the next five years. In addition, the Company estimates 68Return to Topthat it will incur pre-tax one-time and transitional costs of $60 millionin the first half of 2015, composed of $26 millionto shut down the Cumbria facility including severance costs and equipment removal, $12 millionfor continued overhead at Cumbria while manufacturing is transitioned to Batavia, $10 millionof capital expenditures and $12 millionof miscellaneous costs e.g., equipment upgrades. The Company does not anticipate that there will be any further material future cash expenditures associated with the closure of the Cumbria manufacturing facility.On February 9, 2015, the Company announced that its Silver Star Brands business unit acquired certain of the assets of Native RemediesLLC at a purchase price of $50 million. Native Remedies is a direct-to-consumer eCommerce marketer of natural herbal dietary supplements and homeopathic products. The Native Remedies brand will become part of Silver Star Brands. Financial results from the date of the acquisition will be included in the Company Catalog Internet segment for reporting purposes.On March 9, 2015, the Company, together with all of its domestic subsidiaries, except the subsidiary through which it holds its interest in ViSalus collectively, the domestic subsidiaries, entered into a Term Loan and Security Agreement with GFIE, LLC, as term lender. The agreement provides for a five-year term loan in an original principal amount equal to $350 million. The obligations under the agreement are secured by, among other assets, i a first priority lien on and security interest in PartyLites manufacturing facility in Batavia, IL and the intellectual property and various stock and other equity interests owned by the Company and the domestic subsidiaries and ii a second priority lien on and security interest in the Company and the domestic subsidiaries' accounts receivable, inventory, chattel paper, and deposit and securities accounts and PartyLites office building in Plymouth, MA. The term loan bears interest at a non-default rate of the greater of 100% or LIBOR, in each case plus 5%, payable quarterly in arrears. The principal amount of the term loan will be paid in installments as follows: beginning on March 31, 2016, and continuing on the last day of each calendar quarter thereafter, up to and including December 31, 2019, the Company will pay equal quarterly installments of $4375 thousand. The entire remaining balance of principal and accrued interest on the term loan, and all other charges and/or amounts then due in connection with the term loan, will be due and payable in full on March 9, 2020. The term loan may be prepaid, in whole or in part, from time to time, without penalty or premium. In addition, commencing in 2017 based on our 2016 results, the Company is required to prepay the term loan annually in an amount up to 25% of excess cash flow, if any. For these purposes, excess cash flow is the Company consolidated EBITDA for the most recently completed fiscal year, determined as set forth in the term loan, less certain capital expenditures, certain repayments of debt, certain interest expenses, and certain cash and other expenditures.The term loan contains covenants that restrict, subject to certain exceptions, the Company and all of its subsidiaries' ability to, among other things: i incur indebtedness; ii create liens on assets; iii engage in mergers or consolidations; iv engage in certain dispositions or acquisitions of assets; v make investments, loans, guarantees or advances; vi pay dividends and distributions or repurchase its common stock; vii repay or prepay certain indebtedness; viii enter into sale and leaseback transactions; ix engage in certain transactions with affiliates; and x change the nature of its or any of its subsidiaries business. In addition, the term loan a requires the Company to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio FCCR of 10 to 10 upon the occurrence of certain events or conditions, b with certain exceptions, prohibits the Company from making acquisitions if the FCCR is less than 10 to 10, and c among other conditions, generally prohibits the Company from paying dividends or repurchasing its common stock: for amounts in excess of $25 millionin any twelve-month period; at times when there are no loans outstanding under the revolving loan agreement, if availability on a pro forma basis is less than $30 million; and at times when there are loans outstanding under the revolving loan agreement, if a availability on a pro forma basis is less than the greater of 300% of the revolving loan commitment or $225 million, b immediately after such dividend or repurchase, availability on a pro forma basis would be less than the greater of 300% of the revolving loan commitment or $225 millionor c the FCCR is less than 11 to 10. The Company estimates that its FCCR was less than 10 to 10 at February 28, 2015. The term loan agreement also contains additional affirmative, negative and financial covenants and events of default.The proceeds of the term loan, together with available cash, were used to fund the mandatory redemption of the 600% Senior Notes. On March 9, 2015, the Company and the domestic subsidiaries also entered into a Loan and Security Agreement, which it refers to as the revolving loan agreement, with Bank of America, N.A., as revolver lender.  The revolving loan agreement provides for an asset-based five-year revolving line of credit facility in an aggregate principal amount up to the lesser of $150 millionor an amount determined by reference to a borrowing base, which deducts such reserves as the revolver lender may require in its reasonable discretion. The Company borrowing base under the revolving loan agreement will be comprised 69Return to Topprincipally of specified percentages of eligible inventory, accounts receivables and once a required appraisal is received PartyLites office building in Plymouth, MA. The obligations under the revolving loan agreement are secured by, among other assets, i a first priority lien on and security interest in the Company and the domestic subsidiaries' accounts receivable, inventory, chattel paper and deposit and securities accounts, as well as PartyLites office building in Plymouth, MA, and ii a second priority lien on and security interest in various other assets of the Company and the domestic subsidiaries, including PartyLites manufacturing facility in Batavia, IL, and its and the domestic subsidiaries' intellectual property and various stock and other equity interests.The Company estimates that, based on the value of eligible inventory, accounts receivable and PartyLites office building in Plymouth, MA, as of January 31, 2015, subject to the receipt of the appraisal of that facility, its borrowing base would have been approximately $130 million. As of the date hereof, the Company has not made any borrowings under the revolving loan agreement and has outstanding thereunder only an existing letter of credit for approximately $11 million.Loans under the revolving loan agreement will bear non-default interest at a rate equal to either i LIBOR plus an applicable margin ranging from 175% to 225% or ii a base rate equal, at the time of determination, to the greater of a the revolver lenders prime rate; b the Federal Funds Rate as defined plus 050%; or c LIBOR for a 30 day interest period plus 100%, in each case plus an applicable margin ranging from 075% to 125%. All loans under the revolving loan agreement will be due and payable in full on March 9, 2020, and may be prepaid, in whole or in part, from time to time, without penalty or premium except as may be necessary to cover certain funding losses in connection with LIBOR loans. If an overadvance, as determined pursuant to the revolving loan agreement, exists at any time, or accounts receivable are disposed of, the Company will be required to repay a portion of the loans under the revolving loan agreement determined as set forth in the revolving loan agreement. The revolving loan agreement contains affirmative, negative and financial covenants that are substantially similar to those contained in the term loan agreement and that restrict and impose obligations on the Company and the domestic subsidiaries in the same manner. The revolving loan agreement also contains events of default that are substantially similar to those contained in the term loan agreement. Loans under the revolving loan agreement will be used primarily for working capital and other general corporate purposes.The relative rights of the term lender and the revolver lender with respect to their respective liens and remedies are governed by an intercreditor agreement.The term loan agreement and the intercreditor agreement involve related parties since the term lender is owned by Robert B. Goergen, our executive Chairman of the Board, and Pamela Goergen, Mr. Goergens wife and a former member of the Company board of directors. The term loan was approved by a special committee of the Company Board of Directors comprised solely of independent directors. The special committee received legal advice from Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen Katz and a fairness opinion from Duff Phelps.Item 1.Business5Item! 1A.Risk Factors9Item 1B.Unresolved Staff Comments21Item 2.Properties21Item 3.Legal Proceedings21Item! 4.Mine Safety Disclosure21PART IIItem 5.Controls and Proceduresa Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and ProceduresWe conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15e and 15d-15e under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended the Exchange Act as of December31, 2014. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Companys disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December31, 2014.b Managements Assessment of Internal Control over Financial ReportingManagement is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15f and 15d-15f under the Exchange Act. Our internal control system over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future 70Return to Topperiods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.Management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2014. In making this assessment, management used the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework 2013 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO. The objective of this assessment is to determine whether our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December31, 2014. Based on our assessment utilizing the criteria issued by COSO, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December31, 2014.Our independent registered public accounting firm has issued an attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting. The report appears herein below.c Changes in Internal Control Over Financial ReportingThere have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph d of Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15 that occurred during the period ended December31, 2014that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.Item 9B. Other informationSeveral Current Report on Form 8-K triggering events occurred within four business days before the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We are satisfying the obligations under Form 8-K by including the disclosure required thereby in this Item 9B.Item 202 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.On March16, 2015, we issued a press release reporting our financial results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year ended December 31, 2014. The information contained in this Item 202 shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended the Exchange Act, or incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 991 and is incorporated herein by reference.Item 206 Material Impairments.Our investment in ViSalus was evaluated for impairment at December 31, 2014 and, as a result, a $29 million impairment charge was recorded to our ViSalus investment bringing the ending investment value to $69 million. See Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, which is incorporated by reference herein.Item 502 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers;Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.e On March 10, 2015, our compensation committee approved the payment of bonuses to Robert B. Goergen, our Chairman of the Board, in the amount of $90,000; to Robert B. Goergen, Jr., our President and Chief Executive Officer, in the amount of $140,000; and to Jane F. Casey, our Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, in the amount of $35,00071Return to TopReport of Independent Registered Public Accounting FirmThe Board of Directors and Stockholders of Blyth, Inc. and subsidiariesWe have audited Blyth, Inc. and subsidiaries the Company internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2014, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission 2013 framework the COSO criteria. The Companysmanagement is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Managements Assessment of Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Companys internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.A companys internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A companys internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that 1 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 2 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 3 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the companys assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2014, based on the COSO criteria.We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2014 and 2013 and the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2014 of the Company,and our report dated March16, 2015expressed an unqualified opinion thereon./s/ Ernst Young LLPStamford, ConnecticutMarch16, 201572Return to TopPART III