ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.
Information called for by this item is set forth in the Company
Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report. The Company
Consolidated Financial Statements begin at page F-1 hereunder.
Item 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS.
None.
10                   PART II
Item 5. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT.
Executive Officers
The following persons are Executive Officers of AMX Corporation  Robert J. Carroll, 54, was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer
of the Company in November 2001. Prior to his appointment as President and
Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Carroll served as a consultant to the Company
commencing in March 2001 and has served as a director of the Company since
January 2001. Mr. Carroll served as Chairman and CEO of BEI Holding Corporation
from August 1998 to March 2001. BEI
21 subsidiary companies are global leaders in the design, manufacture, and sales
of broadcast automation systems, transmitters, and remote broadcasting
equipment. BEI is responsible for the acquisition, integration, divestiture,
and overall general management of the portfolio businesses. From April 1994
through October 2001, Mr. Carroll was a Principal in Roscommon Limited, a
technology investment and consulting practice providing specialized support in
turnarounds, acquisitions, and divestitures. Mr. Carroll has over twenty-five
years operational experience with technology companies engaged in software and
hardware manufacturing. Mr. Carroll graduated from American Institute, attended
graduate school at American University, and completed MBA graduate courses at
the University of Dallas Graduate School of Management.
C. Chris Apple, 38, has served as Vice President, Corporate Development from
December 2001 to the present. From May 2001 to November 2001, Mr. Apple served
as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Ellipsus Systems where his
responsibilities included all financial and administrative functions for the
U.S. corporation and its Swedish subsidiary. From February 1999 to March 2001,
Mr. Apple served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for BEI Holding
Corporation where his responsibilities included acquisitions, integration,
divestments and overall general management of several portfolio businesses.
From February 1997 to February 1999, Mr. Apple served as Director of Corporate
Finance and Special Projects for Alcatel USA formerly DSC Corporation. He
also held prior senior executive positions with AnswerSoft and Sevin Rosen
Funds and professional audit positions with Ernst & Young. Mr. Apple holds a
BBA degree from Oklahoma State University and is a Certified Public Accountant.
Steve H. Byars, 48, has served as Vice President, Administration of the
Company from April 2001 to present. From April 1995 to April 2001, Mr. Byars
led the administrative functions for Hollywood Casino Corporation. Previously
Mr. Byars served Fidelity Investments from October 1989 to April 1995 as Vice
President of Administration. He has also prior senior level experience with a
variety of companies, including Trammell Crow Company, Amdahl Computer
Corporation, and Texas Instruments. Mr. Byars holds a MBA and a BA degree from
the University of North Texas.
Carl D. Evans, 53, has served as Vice President, Operations of the Company
from July 2001 to the present. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Evans served
as Vice President of Operations and Customer Service for Samsung
Telecommunications from 1998 to June 2001. From 1996 to 1998, Mr. Evans served
as Director of Distribution and Customer Service for Siemens
Telecommunications, Americas. Mr. Evans brings 25-plus years of high-tech
manufacturing and customer service experience to the Company. He has held
senior management positions at companies such as Network Access Corporation,
Intellicall and Nortel.
Patrick W. Gallagher, 52, has served as Vice President, U.S. Sales of the
Company from January 2002 to the present. From 1997 until 2001, Mr. Gallagher
was employed by the Town of Addison, Texas. From 1994 until 1997, Mr. Gallagher
served as Vice President, Sales and Marketing for Prism Technologies/Axcess
Inc. Prior to this period, Mr. Gallagher served as Senior Vice President, Sales
and Marketing for Applied Engineering and Vice President, Sales and Marketing
for Computrac, Inc. Mr. Gallagher holds a BA degree from the University of New
Mexico and attended Texas Wesleyan School of Law.
Jean M. Nelson, 42, has served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
of the Company from August 2001 to the present. From May 2000 to July 2001, Ms.
Nelson served as Vice President and Controller of Brinks Home Security. Prior
to May 2000, Ms. Nelson was Vice President and Treasurer at Sensormatic
Electronics Corporation and held senior finance positions at W.R. Grace & Co.
Ms. Nelson held professional audit positions at Arthur Andersen from 1984
through 1988. Ms. Nelson holds a BS degree from Fairfield University and is a
Certified Public Accountant.
Peter C. Nohren, 41, has served as Vice President, Engineering for the
Company from January 2002 to the present. From July 2000 to July 2001, Mr.
Nohren was Chief Operating Officer of Paratek Microwave, and was responsible
for all product lines and distribution channels in the mobile and fixed
wireless markets. Prior to this time, Mr. Nohren spent 18 years at Ericsson in
various capacities, most recently as Vice President of Optical
22 Networks, Cross Connect and Wireless Broadband Access, where he implemented
global product strategies and directed product development efforts. Mr. Nohren
holds a Bachelor of Electrical Engineering from Berzelius Sweden.
Michael L. Olinger, 55, serves as Vice President, International Sales. Mr.
Olinger has served the Company as the Vice President of International Sales
from May 1994 to May 2001, and from December 2001 to the present. From June
2001 to December 2001, Mr. Olinger served the Company as Vice President, Sales.
Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Olinger served as Vice President,
International Sales of Telex Communications Inc., a professional audio products
company, from 1978 through 1994. Mr. Olinger holds a BA degree from the Central
University of Iowa.
Rashid M. Skaf, 32, has served as Vice President, Marketing from December
2001 to the present. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Skaf served as Vice
President Global Sales and Marketing for Broadband Gateways Inc. from January
2000 to July 2001. Mr. Skaf was Vice President and General Manager of Nortel
Networks Broadband Wireless Access from 1998 to 1999, overseeing business
development, sales and marketing in North America, global marketing, and
product and program management. From 1997 to 1998, Mr. Skaf served as Executive
Director of Business Development and Marketing for Broadband Networks, Inc.
Prior to this period, Mr. Skaf held technical and management positions within
Ericsson Inc. Mr. Skaf holds a MBA from the American Graduate School of
International Management, Thunderbird and a BS from the University of Tampa.
Directors
The presentation of Directors of the Registrant appears in the Registrant
Proxy Statement for the 2002 Annual Meeting of Shareholders Proxy
Statement, which is incorporated by reference herein.
Section 16a Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance
The presentation of Section 16a Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance
of the Registrant appears in the Proxy Statement, which is incorporated by
reference herein.
Item 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS.
None.
10                   PART II
Item 5. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT.
The presentation of the Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
Management of the Registrant appears in the Proxy Statement, which is
incorporated by reference herein.
