ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
The consolidated financial statements of the Company and report of independent
auditors included on pages 29 - 48 of the Annual Report to Stockholders for the
fiscal year ended October 31, 1997 are incorporated herein by reference.
Quarterly Results of Operations on page 47 of the 1997 Annual Report to
Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference. Item 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS.
There were no matters submitted to a vote of stockholders during the
fourth quarter of fiscal year 1997.
Item 4A. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
Regarding the directors of the Registrant, reference is made to the
information set forth under the caption Election of Directors in the Company
definitive Proxy Statement filed January 23, 1998, which information is
incorporated by reference herein.
The principal executive officers of the Company and their recent business
experience are as follows      Name                Office Held          Age
Paul J. Powers..      Chairman of the Board of       62
Directors
Mark G. Kachur..      President and Chief          54
Executive Officer
Michael H. Croft..      Senior Vice President         53
and President of the
Consumer Filter Products
Group
Ronald C. Drabik..      Senior Vice President,        51
Chief Financial Officer,
Assistant Secretary and
Treasurer
Timothy B. Carney..      Vice President,            45
Controller and Assistant
Secretary
John A. Tomich..      Counsel and Secretary         40    None of the officers are related and they are elected from year to year or
until their successors are duly elected and qualified.
Paul J. Powers. Mr. Powers is the Chairman of the Board of Directors.
Since the Spin-off in September 1996 thru November 1997, Mr. Powers was the
Chief Executive Officer of the Company. He has also been a director of the
Company and Commercial Intertech since 1984, President and Chief Operating
Officer of Commercial Intertech since 1984 and Chief Executive Officer of
Commercial Intertech since 1987. He holds a bachelor degree in Economics from
Merrimack College and a master degree in Business Administration from George
Washington University. Mr. Powers is also a director of Ohio Edison Company,
Global Marine, Inc. and Twin Disc, Inc.
Mark G. Kachur. Mr. Kachur is the President and, effective December 1997,
Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Mr. Kachur has been a director of the
Company since July 1996. Since joining the Company in 1994, Mr. Kachur has been
a Senior Vice President of Commercial Intertech and President and Chief
Operating Officer of the Company. From 1992 until 1994, he was President and CEO
of Biotage, Inc., from 1971 to 1991, he was with Pall Corporation, the last
seven years as a Group Vice President. He holds a bachelor of science degree in
Mechanical Engineering from Purdue University and a master degree in Business
Administration from the University of Hartford.                    12
13
Michael H. Croft. Mr. Croft is a Senior Vice President of the Company, and
effective December 1997, the President of the Consumer Filter Products Group.
From 1993 through 1996 Mr. Croft was President - U.S. Operations of the Company.
From 1984 until 1993 he was with CUNO Pacific Rim operations serving as Managing
Director of CUNO Pacific, CUNO Asia with oversight of CUNO K.K. Japan. He
holds a bachelor degree in Engineering Chemistry from The University of
Sydney and a Certificate in Marketing from the University of New South Wales.
Ronald C. Drabik. Mr. Drabik is the Senior Vice President, Chief Financial
Officer, Assistant Secretary and Treasurer of the Company. From July 1996 until
joining the Company, he was a Vice-President of Commercial Intertech. From 1995
until 1996, he was Vice President of Acme-Cleveland Corporation, a manufacturer
of telecommunication and other products. From 1993 until 1995, he was with
Met-Coil Systems Corp., a machine tool builder, for which he served at various
times as President, Executive Vice President, Senior Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer. From 1989 until 1992, he was Vice President of Finance and
Chief Financial Officer of RB Corporation, a manufacturer/distributor of
engineered fasteners. He holds a bachelor of arts degree from Baldwin-Wallace
College.
Timothy B. Carney. Mr. Carney is the Company Vice President - Controller
and Assistant Secretary. From 1993 until joining the Company, he served
Commercial Intertech as CUNO Inc. Group Controller and from 1989 until 1993 he
served Commercial Intertech as General Manager and Controller of Water Factory
Systems. He holds a bachelor of science degree Economics and a master
degree in Business Administration from Youngstown State University.    John A. Tomich. Mr. Tomich is Counsel and Secretary of the Company. Before
joining CUNO Incorporated, after the spin-off, he was Counsel and Assistant
Secretary for Commercial Intertech Corporation, where he had been employed since
January 1990 and had been involved extensively with the legal matters affecting
CUNO. He holds a Bachelor of Engineering Degree Mechanical Engineering from
Youngstown State University, and Juris Doctor from the University of Akron,
School of Law. He is a licensed Patent Attorney.
