Item8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data The financial statements and schedules are listed under
a and filed as part of this annual report on
Form10-K. The supplementary financial data is set forth under Item7
of this annual report on Form10-K.   
Item1.
Business
3
Item2.
Properties
19
Item3.
Legal Proceedings
20
Item4.
Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
20
PARTII   
Item5.
Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures We have established and maintain disclosure controls and
procedures that are designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized,
and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities
and Exchange Commissions rules and forms, and that such
information is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. We carried out an evaluation, under the
supervision and with the participation of our management,
including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our
disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period
covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our
disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the date
of such evaluation. Managements Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined
in Exchange Act Rule13a-15f. Under the supervision and
with the participation of our management, including our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we carried out an
evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting as of January29, 2005 based on the
Internal Control Integrated Framework issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission COSO. Based on this evaluation, our
management concluded that our internal control over financial
reporting was effective as of January29, 2005. 37 PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, the independent registered public
accounting firm that audited our financial statements included
in this Annual Report on Form10-K, has audited our
managements assessment of the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting as of January29,
2005, as stated in their report which is included herein. Managements Consideration of the Restatement In coming to the conclusion that our internal control over
financial reporting was effective as of January29, 2005,
our management considered, among other things, the control
deficiency related to our accounting for leases, which resulted
in the need to restate our previously filed financial statements
as disclosed in footnote2 to our consolidated financial
statements included in this Form10-K. After reviewing and
analyzing the Securities and Exchange Commissions Staff
Accounting Bulletin SAB No99,
Materiality, Accounting Principles Board Opinion
No28, Interim Financial Reporting,
paragraph29 and SABTopic 5-F, Accounting Changes
Not Retroactively Applied Due to Immateriality, and taking
into consideration ithat the restatement adjustments did
not have a material impact on the financial statements of prior
interim or annual periods taken as a whole; iithat the
cumulative impact of the restatement adjustments on
shareholders equity was not material on the financial
statements of prior interim or annual periods; and
iiithat we were required to restate our previously
issued financial statements solely because the cumulative impact
of the error, if recorded in the current period, would have been
material to the current years reported net income, our
management concluded that the control deficiency that resulted
in the restatement of the prior period financial statements was
not in itself a material weakness. Furthermore, the control
deficiency that resulted in the restatement when aggregated with
other deficiencies did not constitute a material weakness. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in our internal control over
financial reporting identified in connection with the foregoing
evaluation that occurred during our last fiscal quarter that
have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting.   
Item1.
Business
3
Item2.
Properties
19
Item3.
Legal Proceedings
20
Item4.
Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
20
PARTII   
Item5.
Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant Information concerning directors, appearing under the caption
Board of Directors in our Proxy Statement the
Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC in
connection with our Annual Meeting of Shareholders scheduled to
be held on June6, 2005, information concerning executive
officers, appearing under the caption Item1.
Business Executive Officers of Kirklands
in PartI of this annual report on Form10-K, and
information under the caption Other Matters
Section16a Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance in the Proxy Statement are incorporated herein
by reference in response to this Item10. The Board of Directors has adopted a Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees,
including our President and Chief Executive Officer, our
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and our
Vice President of Finance and Treasurer/Controller, which has
been posted on the Investor Relations section of our
web site. We intend to satisfy the amendment and waiver
disclosure requirements under applicable securities regulations
by posting any amendments of, or waivers to, the Code of
Business Conduct and Ethics on our web site. 38   
