Item8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. The financial statements and supplementary data required to be
filed pursuant to this Item8 are appended to this Annual
Report on Form10-K. A list of the financial statements and
financial statement schedules filed herewith is found at
. Exhibits and Financial Statement
Schedules.   
Item4.
Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security
Holders. Not applicable. PARTII   
Item5.
Controls and Procedures.   
1.
Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management, with the participation of our chief executive
officer and chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of
December31, 2004. The term disclosure controls and
procedures, as defined in Rules13a-15e and
15d-15e under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, means
controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company
in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported, within the time periods specified in the SECs
rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include,
without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure
that information required to be disclosed by a company in the
reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 is accumulated and communicated to the
companys management, including its principal executive and
principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes
that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed
and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving
their objectives and management necessarily applied its judgment
in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls
and procedures. Based on this evaluation, our chief executive
officer and chief financial officer concluded that, as of
December31, 2004, our disclosure controls and procedures
were effective.   
2.
Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting aManagements Annual Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting The management of CollaGenex is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting.
Internal control over financial reporting is defined in
Rule13a-15f or 15d-15f promulgated under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as a process designed by, or
under the supervision of 43 Table of Contents the companys principal executive and principal financial
officers and effected by the companys board of directors,
management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and
includes those policies and procedures that   
Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions
of the assets of the company     
Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and
that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made
only in accordance with authorizations of management and
directors of the company;and     
Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the
companys assets that could have a material effect on the
financial statements. CollaGenex management, including the supervision and
participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, assessed the effectiveness of the Companys
internal control over financial reporting as of
December31, 2004. In making this assessment, the
Companys management used the criteria set forth by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
COSOin Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Based on our assessment, management has concluded that the
Companys internal control over financial reporting is
effective based on those criteria as of December31, 2004. The Companys independent registered public accounting firm
has issued its report on our assessment and effectiveness of the
Companys internal control over financial reporting. This
report appears below. bReport of the Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Board of Directors and Stockholders CollaGenex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. We have audited managements assessment, included in the
accompanying Managements Annual Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting that CollaGenex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
and subsidiaries maintained effective internal control over
financial reporting as of December31, 2004, based on
criteria established in Internal Control Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
the Treadway Commission COSO. CollaGenex Pharmaceuticals,
Inc.s management is responsible for maintaining effective
internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment
of the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
managements assessment and an opinion on the effectiveness
of the Companys internal control over financial reporting
based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control
over financial reporting was maintained in all material
respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of
internal control over financial reporting, evaluating
managements assessment, testing and evaluating the design
and operating effectiveness of internal control, and performing
such other procedures as we considered necessary in the
circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable
basis for our opinion. A companys internal control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. A companys
internal control over financial reporting includes those
policies and procedures that 1pertain to the maintenance
of records that 44 Table of Contents in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company;
2provide reasonable assurance that transactions are
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of
management and directors of the company; and 3provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
companys assets that could have a material effect on the
financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over
financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. In our opinion, managements assessment that CollaGenex
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and subsidiaries maintained effective
internal control over financial reporting as of
December31, 2004, is fairly stated, in all material
respects, based on criteria established in Internal
Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO. Also,
in our opinion, CollaGenex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and
subsidiaries maintained, in all material respects, effective
internal control over financial reporting as of
December31, 2004, based on criteria established in
Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the
consolidated balance sheets of CollaGenex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
and subsidiaries as of December31, 2004 and 2003, and the
related consolidated statements of operations,
stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years
in the three-year period ended December31, 2004, and our
report dated March9, 2005 expressed an unqualified opinion
on those consolidated financial statements.   
/s/KPMG LLP Philadelphia, Pennsylvania March9, 2005 cChanges in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting No change in our internal control over financial reporting as
defined in Rules13a-15f and 15d-15f under the Exchange
Act occurred during the fiscal quarter ended as of
December31, 2004 that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting. There have been no significant changes
in internal controls subsequent to the assessment by the
Companys chief executive officer and chief financial
officer.   
Item4.
Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security
Holders. Not applicable. PARTII   
Item5.
Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant. The information relating to our directors, nominees for election
as directors and executive officers under the headings
Election of Directors, Executive
Officers and Section16a Beneficial Ownership
Reporting Compliance in our definitive proxy statement for
the 2005 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is incorporated herein
by reference to such proxy statement. We have adopted a written code of business conduct and ethics
that applies to our directors, officers and employees, including
our principal executive officer, principal financial officer,
principal accounting officer or controller, or persons
performing similar functions. We make available our code of
business conduct and ethics free of charge through our website
which is located at www.collagenex.com. We intend to
disclose any amendments to, or waivers from, our code of
business conduct and ethics that are required to be publicly
disclosed pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the Nasdaq National Market by filing such
amendment or waiver with the Securities and Exchange Commission
and by posting it on our website.   
