Item8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data The Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm,
Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements begin on page F-1 immediately following the
signature page and certifications in this report and are
incorporated here by reference, including the unaudited
quarterly information for the last two years in Note19.   
Item1.
Business
2
Item2.
Properties
20
Item3.
Legal Proceedings
20
Item4.
Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security
Holders
21
PARTII   
Item5.
Controls and Procedures Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures. We
have established disclosure controls and procedures that are
designed to provide reasonable assurance that information
required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, such as this Annual Report on
Form10-K, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange
Commissions SEC rules and forms. Disclosure
controls are also designed to provide reasonable assurance that
such information is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including the chief executive officer and chief
financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. Based on their evaluation as of December31, 2004, the
chief executive officer and the chief financial officer have
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are
effective to provide reasonable assurance that information we
are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC
rules and forms. Limitations on the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures. Our management, including our chief executive
officer and principal financial officer, does not expect that
our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all error
and all fraud. A control system can provide only reasonable, not
absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system
are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect
the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits
of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because
of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no
evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all
control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within Caliper
have been detected. These inherent limitations include the
realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and
that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake.
Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual
acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by
management override of the control. Because of the inherent
limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements
due to error fraud may occur and not be detected. Changes in internal controls. In fiscal 2004, we
initiated the implementation of a new Enterprise Resource
Planning System Oracle. During July 2004, we implemented the
order management, fixed assets and general ledger system modules
of the new system, which involved changes in systems that
included internal controls, and accordingly, the need for us to
make changes to our system of internal controls. We have
reviewed the systems implemented to date and the controls
affected by the implementation of the new systems and made
appropriate changes to affected internal controls. We believe
that the controls as modified are appropriate and functioning
effectively. Managements report on internal control over financial
reporting. Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting, as such term in defined in Exchange Act
Rules13a-15f, for Caliper. As part of that process, as
of December31, 2004, the end of the fiscal year covered by
this report, under the supervision and with the participation of
our management, including our principal executive officer and
principal financial officer, we carried out an evaluation of the
effectiveness of Calipers internal control over financial
reporting. The evaluation was conducted following the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
COSOInternal Control Inte 47 Table of Contents grated Framework 1992. The evaluation did not identify any
material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
reporting and our management concluded that our internal control
over financial reporting was effective as of December31,
2004. The registered public accounting firm that audited our
financial statements contained in this annual report has issued
an attestation report on managements assessment of our
internal control over financial reporting. 48 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The Board of Directors and Stockholders Caliper Life Sciences, Inc. We have audited managements assessment, included in the
accompanying Managements Report on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting, that Caliper Life Sciences, Inc. maintained
effective internal control over financial reporting as of
December31, 2004, based on criteria established in
Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
the COSO criteria. Caliper Life Sciences, Inc.s
management is responsible for maintaining effective internal
control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on managements
assessment and an opinion on the effectiveness of the
companys internal control over financial reporting based
on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control
over financial reporting was maintained in all material
respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of
internal control over financial reporting, evaluating
managements assessment, testing and evaluating the design
and operating effectiveness of internal control, and performing
such other procedures as we considered necessary in the
circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable
basis for our opinion. A companys internal control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. A companys
internal control over financial reporting includes those
policies and procedures that 1pertain to the maintenance
of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
company; 2provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of
management and directors of the company; and 3provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
companys assets that could have a material effect on the
financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over
financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. In our opinion, managements assessment that Caliper Life
Sciences, Inc. maintained effective internal control over
financial reporting as of December31, 2004, is fairly
stated, in all material respects, based on the COSO criteria.
Also, in our opinion, Caliper Life Sciences, Inc. maintained, in
all material respects, effective internal control over financial
reporting as of December31, 2004, based on the COSO
criteria. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the
consolidated balance sheets of Caliper Life Sciences, Inc. as of
December31, 2004 and 2003, and the related consolidated
statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash
flows for each of the three years in the period ended
December31, 2004 of Caliper Life Sciences, Inc. and our
report dated March4, 2005 expressed an unqualified opinion
thereon.   
/s/ Ernst Young
LLP
Boston, Massachusetts March4, 2005 49 Table of Contents   
Item1.
Business
2
Item2.
Properties
20
Item3.
Legal Proceedings
20
Item4.
Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security
Holders
21
PARTII   
Item5.
Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant Information concerning our directors is set forth in the section
entitled Proposal1 Election of
Directors contained in our definitive Proxy Statement with
respect to our 2005 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than
April30, 2005 the Proxy Statement and
incorporated by reference here. Information concerning our
Executive Officers is set forth under Executive Officers
of the Registrant in PartI of this Annual Report on
Form10-K and is incorporated by reference here.
Information concerning compliance with Section16a of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is set forth under the section
entitled Section16a Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance contained in our Proxy Statement and is
incorporated herein by reference. Caliper has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that
applies to all officers, directors andemployees. The Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics is available for free on our
website at www.caliperLS.com under Investor
Relations. If Caliper makes any substantive amendments to
the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics or grants any waiver
from a provision of the Code to any executive officer or
director, Caliper will promptly disclose the nature of the
amendment or waiver on its website.   
