Item8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data The Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, the consolidated financial
statements and the financial statement schedule that are listed in the Index to Consolidated
Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedule are included herein on pages F-1 through
F-30.   
Item1.
Business
3
Item1A.
Risk Factors
13
Item1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments
17
Item2.
Properties
17
Item3.
Legal Proceedings
17
Item4.
Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
18
Part II
Item5.
Controls and Procedures Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief
Financial Officer CFO, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
procedures as such term is defined in Rules13a-15e and 15d-15e under the Exchange Act as of
the end of the period covered by this Form 10-K. Based on such evaluation, our CEO and CFO
concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-K, our disclosure controls and
procedures are effective in that they provide reasonable assurance that the information we are
required to disclose in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods required by the SECs rules and forms. 32 Changes to Internal Control over Financial Reporting In the course of our ongoing preparations for making managements report on internal control
over financial reporting included in this annual report on Form 10-K, as required by Section404 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we have identified areas in need of improvement and have taken
remedial actions to strengthen the affected controls as appropriate. From time to time, we make
these and other changes to our internal control over financial reporting that are intended to
enhance the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and which do not have a
material effect on our overall internal control. We will continue to evaluate the effectiveness of
our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting on an ongoing
basis and will take action as appropriate. There have been no changes to our internal control over
financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules13a-15f and 15d-15f under the Exchange
Act, during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2005 that we believe materially affected, or will be
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Managements Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules13a-15f and 15d-15f. Our
internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and Board of
Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
that i pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and
fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets ii provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with
authorizations of our management and directors; and iii provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect
on the financial statements. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations.
Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with
respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. In making the assessment of internal control over financial reporting, our management used the
criteria issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSOin
Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Based on that assessment and those criteria, management
believes that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December31, 2005. Our managements assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting as of December31, 2005 has been audited by Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered
public accounting firm, as stated in their attestation report on managements assessment of
internal control over financial reporting, which is included in this annual report.   
