Item8.
Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data   The consolidated financial statements, related notes thereto and
financial statement schedules required by this item are listed
and set forth beginning on
pageF-1,
and is incorporated by reference here. Supplementary financial
information regarding quarterly financial information required
by this item is set forth under the caption Quarterly   
64 Table of Contents   Results of Operations in Item7
Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations, and is incorporated by
reference here.   
Item1   Business   2
Item1A   Risk
Factors   17
Item1B   Unresolved Staff
Comments   38
Item2   Properties   38
Item3   Legal
Proceedings   39
Item4.
Controls
and Procedures   Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the
participation of our management, including our Chief Executive
Officer, Joseph Y. Liu, and Chief Financial Officer, Shirley
Yin, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our
disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period
covered in this report. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our
disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that
information required to be disclosed by Oplink in reports that
it files under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time
periods specified in the SECs rules and forms.   Managements
Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting   Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over our financial reporting. A
companys internal control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles.   There are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any
system of internal control, including the possibility of human
error and the circumvention or overriding of controls.
Accordingly, even effective internal controls can provide only
reasonable assurances with respect to financial statement
preparation. Further, because of changes in conditions, the
effectiveness of internal control may vary over time.   As the acquisition of Optical Communication Products, Inc.
OCP occurred in June 2007, the scope of the
evaluation excluded an assessment on the effectiveness of the
design and operation of disclosure controls and procedures that
may have been present at OCP. OCP is an approximately 58% owned
subsidiary whose total assets were $1817million at
June30, 2007 and whose revenues between June6, 2007
and June30, 2007 were $66million.   Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting as of June30, 2007. In
making this assessment, our management used the criteria set
forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations COSO of the
Treadway Commission in Internal Control
Integrated Framework. Based on its assessment using those
criteria and excluding the impact from the acquisition of OCP,
our management concluded that, as of June30, 2007, our
internal control over financial reporting is effective.   Managements assessment of the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting as of June30,
2007, has been audited by Burr, Pilger Mayer LLP, an
independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in
their report appearing below.   Changes
in Internal Controls   Excluding the impact from the acquisition of OCP, there were no
changes in our internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the year covered by this report that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting.   
