ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.
The following consolidated financial statements of American Radio Systems
Corporation are filed herein.
American Radio Systems Corporation and Subsidiaries
Independent Auditors' Report
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 1996 and 1997
Consolidated Statements of Operations for each of the three years in
the period ended December 31, 1997
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity Deficiency for each
of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1997
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the three years in
the period ended December 31, 1997
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Item 1.    1
Item 2.    10
Item 3. Legal   10
Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.  11
PART II.
Item 5. Market for the Registrant Common Equity and Related
Stockholder   12
Item 6. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF AMERICAN
Set forth below are the name and age of each director, his principal
occupation and business experience during the past five years and the names of
other companies of which he serves as a director as of March 30, 1998.
PRINCIPAL OCCUPATIONS AND BUSINESS EXPERIENCE DURING
DIRECTOR                THE PAST FIVE YEARS
Steven B. Dodge.. Mr. Dodge has been Chairman of the Board, President
Age 52         and Chief Executive Officer since the founding of the
Company on November 1, 1993. Mr. Dodge was the
founder in 1988 of Atlantic Radio, L.P. Atlantic,
one of the predecessors of the Company, and served as
Chief Executive Officer of the general partner of
Atlantic. Prior to forming Atlantic, Mr. Dodge served
as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of American
Cablesystems Corporation, a cable television company
he founded in 1978 and which was merged into
Continental Cablevision, Inc. in 1988. Mr. Dodge
serves as a director of American Media, Inc. and the
National Association of Broadcasters the NAB.
Thomas H. Stoner.. Mr. Stoner has been Chairman of the Executive
Age 63         Committee and the Compensation Committee of the Board
since the founding of the Company. Mr. Stoner founded
Stoner Broadcasting Systems, Inc. Stoner in 1965.
Stoner, which was one of the predecessors of
American, operated radio stations for over 25 years
in large, medium and small markets. Mr. Stoner is a
director of Gaylord Container Corporation and a
trustee of the Chesapeake Bay Foundation.
Alan L. Box.. Mr. Box has served as a director and Executive Vice
Age 46         President since the consummation of the merger of EZ
Communications, Inc. into American EZ Merger. In
1974, he was the General Manager of EZ Washington,
D.C. area radio station. He became Executive Vice
President and General Manager and a director of EZ in
1979, President of EZ in 1985 and Chief Executive
Officer of EZ in 1995. He serves as a director of
George Mason Bankshares Inc. and George Mason Bank.
Previously, Mr. Box served as the Chairman of the NAB
Digital Audio Broadcast Task Force and as a director
of the NAB.
Joseph L. Winn.. Mr. Winn has been the Treasurer, Chief Financial
Age 46         Officer and a director since the founding of the
Company. In addition to serving as Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, Mr. Winn was Co-Chief
Operating Officer responsible for Boston operations
until May 1994 when Mr. Gehron joined American. Mr.
Winn served as Chief Financial Officer and a director
of the general partner of Atlantic since its
organization. He also served as Executive Vice
President of the general partner of Atlantic from its
organization until June 1992, and as its President
from June 1992 until the organization of American.
Atlantic was one of the predecessors of the Company.
Prior to joining Atlantic, Mr. Winn served as Senior
Vice President and Corporate Controller of American
Cablesystems since joining that company in 1983.
Charlton H. Buckley. Charlton H. Buckley was elected a director in August
Age 60         1996. Mr. Buckley is the founder, President and Chief
Executive Officer of Henry Broadcasting Company
HBC. Mr. Buckley is also President and 100% owner
of Steele Park Resort, Inc., which owns and operates
a resort on Lake Berryessa in California Napa
Valley, and is a co-founder of World Asphalt Company,
a manufacturer of roofing products located in
Sacramento, CA. Mr. Buckley has been involved in the
radio broadcast industry since 1983 when HBC acquired
its first stations in Portland, Oregon. Prior to that
time, Mr. Buckley was involved in the construction
business.
23
PRINCIPAL OCCUPATIONS AND BUSINESS EXPERIENCE DURING
DIRECTOR                THE PAST FIVE YEARS
Arnold L. Chavkin.. Mr. Chavkin has been a director since the founding of
Age 46         the Company. Mr. Chavkin is a general partner of
Chase Capital Partners CCP, previously known as
Chemical Venture Partners CVP, which is a general
partner of Chase Equity Associates CEA, one of
American shareholders, and previously a principal
shareholder of Multi Market Communications, Inc.
Multi-Market, one of the predecessors of the
Company. Mr. Chavkin has been a General Partner of
CCP and CVP since January 1992 and has served as the
President of Chemical Investments, Inc. since March
1991. Mr. Chavkin is also a director of R Falcon
Drilling Company, Bell Sports Corporation, and
Wireless One, Inc. Prior to joining Chemical
Investments, Inc., Mr. Chavkin was a specialist in
investment and merchant banking at Chemical Bank for
six years.
James H. Duncan, Jr.. Mr. Duncan has been a director since the founding of
Age 50         the Company. Mr. Duncan is the founder, Chief
Executive Officer and a 50% shareholder of Duncan
American Radio, Inc., which publishes the Duncan
Guide and other reports and publications about the
radio broadcasting industry. Mr. Duncan had served as
a director of Stoner from 1983 until the merger with
the Company in 1993. Mr. Duncan had also served as a
director of Price Communications Corporation from
1992 to 1994, and as a director of Emmis Broadcasting
Corporation from 1985 to 1992.
Arthur C. Kellar. Mr. Kellar has served as a director since the
Age 75         consummation of the EZ Merger. He was the founder of
EZ and served as a director of EZ since 1967,
Chairman of the Board since 1968 and President from
1967 until 1985. From the period 1956 through 1978,
Mr. Kellar was the President and principal
stockholder of O.K. Broadcasting, Inc., which owned
and operated WEEL-AM, a radio station located in
Fairfax, Virginia. Mr. Kellar currently serves as a
director of George Mason Bankshares, Inc.
Charles D. Peebler,   Mr. Peebler was elected a director in May 1994. He is
Jr.. president of True North Communications, Inc. Mr.
Age 61         Peebler served as a director of Stoner for more than
twelve years, from 1976 to 1988. Mr. Peebler also
serves as a director of Ultrafem Inc. and American
Tool Companies, Inc.
Lance R. Primis.. Mr. Primis was elected a director in April 1997. From
Age 51         1992 until December 1996, he served as the president
and chief operating officer of The New York Times
Company, a major newspaper and information company.
Prior to that time, he was the president and general
manager of The New York Times newspaper. Mr. Primis
serves as a director of several companies including,
the Advertising Council, the Audit Bureau of
Circulations, Partnership For A Drug-Free America,
International Herald Tribune and The New York
Partnership.
SECTION 16A BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE
Section 16a of the Exchange Act requires the Company directors,
executive officers and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered
class of the Company equity securities, to file reports of ownership on Form
3 and changes in ownership on Form 4 or 5 with the Commission. Such officers,
directors and ten-percent stockholders are also required by SEC rules to
furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16a reports they file. Based
solely on its review of the copies of such forms received by it, or written
representation from certain reporting persons that they were not required to
file a Form 5, the Company believes that, during the fiscal year ended
December 31, 1996, its officers, directors and ten-percent stockholders
complied with all Section 16a filing requirements applicable to such
individuals, except that 1 Mr. Bouloukos failed to report the exercise of
options on December 18 and 19, 1997; this omission was corrected by reporting
these events on
24
his Form 5 for 1997; 2 Mr. Gehron failed to report i a purchase of 1,200
shares of Class A Common Stock on November 13, 1996 and ii the acquisition
of 450 shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to the consummation of the
merger of the EZ Merger into the Company, resulting from his involuntary
exchange of shares of EZ stock for shares of the Company common stock; these
omissions were corrected by reporting these events on his Form 5 for 1997; and
3 Mr. Dodge failed to report i the acquisition by his adult son of 135
shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to the consummation of the EZ Merger,
resulting from his sons' involuntary exchange of shares of EZ stock for shares
of the Company common stock, ii Mr. Dodge gift of 43 shares of Class A
Common Stock on June 30, 1997, iii his adult son purchase of 50 shares of
Class A Common Stock on October 17, 1997, and iv his son sale of 15 shares
of Class A Common Stock on January 9, 1998; these omissions were corrected by
reporting these events on his Form 5 for 1997. Mr. Dodge disclaims any
beneficial ownership with respect to the above transactions regarding his
adult son.
