Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
The financial statements and supplementary data listed in the Index to
Consolidated Financial Statements at Item 14 of this Form 10-K are incorporated
by reference into this Item 8 of Part II of this Form 10-K. Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
No matters were submitted to the shareholders for a vote during the fourth
quarter of the fiscal year.                  Part II Item 5. Executive Officers and Directors
The following table sets forth certain information with respect to the executive
officers and directors of the Company     Name       Age        Position
Raymon F. Thompson   56  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Timothy C. Dodkin    48  Senior Vice President
Managing Director, Semitool Europe, Ltd.
Thomas Sulzbacher    29  Vice President, Sales and Customer Service
Gregory L. Perkins   54  Vice President, Operations and General Manager
Larry A. Viano     43  Treasurer, Principal Financial Officer and
Controller
Howard E. Bateman 1  63  Director
Richard A. Dasen 2  55  Director
Daniel J. Eigeman 2  63  Director
John Osborne 1    53  Director
Calvin S. Robinson 1 77  Director and Secretary
- 1   Member of the Compensation and Stock Option Committee.
2   Member of the Audit Committee.
The following sets forth the background of each of the Company executive
officers and directors, including the principal occupation of those individuals
for the past five years Raymon F. Thompson founded the Company and has served as Chairman, Chief
Executive Officer and President since its inception in 1979. In 1979, Mr.
Thompson designed, patented and introduced the first on-axis rinser/dryer for
the semiconductor industry.
Timothy C. Dodkin joined the Company in 1985 and served as the Company
European Sales Manager from 1985 to 1986. Since 1986, Mr. Dodkin has served as
Managing Director of Semitool Europe, Ltd. Prior to joining the Company, Mr.
Dodkin worked at Cambridge Instruments, a semiconductor equipment manufacturer,
for ten years in national and international sales.
Thomas Sulzbacher is Semitool Vice President of Sales and Customer Service.
Mr. Sulzbacher has been with Semitool for nine years; his experience in the
semiconductor industry was developed through Service and Sales positions in
Semitool Bad Reichenhall, Germany office. Upon relocating to the United States
in 1994, Mr. Sulzbacher managed the Magnum sales force prior to his current
position. Mr. Sulzbacher is Raymon F. Thompson son-in-law.
Gregory L. Perkins joined the Company in 1990 as Vice President, Manufacturing
and, since August 1994, has served as the Company Vice President and General
Manager. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Perkins served as General Manager for
Modulair, Inc., a manufacturer of clean rooms, from 1987 to 1990.
Larry A. Viano joined the Company in 1985 and serves as the Company treasurer,
principal financial officer and controller. Mr. Viano serves on the Board of
Directors of Semitool Europe, Ltd. Mr. Viano, a Certified Public Accountant,
also serves on the Accounting Advisory Board of the University of Montana.
Howard E. Bateman has served on the Company Board of Directors since 1990. Mr.
Bateman formerly owned and operated Entech, a Pennsylvania company that has been
an independent sales representative for the Company products since 1979.
Richard A. Dasen has served on the Company Board of Directors since 1984. From
1974 to 1992, Mr. Dasen owned and managed Evergreen Bancorporation, a multi-bank
holding company. Since 1992, Mr. Dasen has been an independent businessman.
Daniel J. Eigeman has served on the Company Board of Directors since 1985.
From 1971 to 1993, Mr. Eigeman was President of Eigeman, Hanson & Co., P.C., an
accounting firm, and since 1993 has been Vice President of Junkermier, Clark,
Campanella, Stevens, P.C., CPAs. Mr. Eigeman served as President of the Montana
Society of Certified Public Accountants in 1993.
John Osborne has served on the Company Board of Directors since July of 1997
and has thirty years of experience in the semiconductor industry, including 20
years in microchip manufacturing and ten years in the capital equipment
industry. During the past ten years, Mr. Osborne had held senior management
positions at Lam Research in Fremont, CA. These positions included Vice
President of Lam Worldwide Customer Support. Mr. Osborne holds seven patents,
has numerous technical and business publications, and has served on the Board of
Directors of four companies.
Calvin S. Robinson has served as a director of the Company since 1982. Mr.
Robinson has been of counsel to Crowley, Haughey, Hanson, Toole & Dietrich,
P.L.L.P. since 1989. This firm has provided legal services to the Company since
1979. Mr. Robinson is also a director of Winter Sports, Inc.
The executive officers are elected each year by the Board of Directors to serve
for a one-year term of office.
The information concerning compliance with Section 16a of the Securities and
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, required under this item is contained in the
Company Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with its 1998 Annual Meeting
of Shareholders under the caption Other Matters and is incorporated herein by
reference. 