Item8.
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure There were no changes or disagreements on any matters of accounting principles or financial
statement disclosure between the Company and its independent registered public accounting firm
during the two most recent fiscal years or any subsequent interim period.   
Item8A.
Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures In accordance with Exchange Act Rules13a-15 and 15d-15, we carried out an evaluation, under
the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the
end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of
December31, 2009, to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or
submitted under the Exchange Act is 1recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the
time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commissions rules and forms and 2
accumulated and communicated to the Companys management, including our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There were no changes in the Companys internal control over financial reporting that occurred
during the quarter ended December31, 2009, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, the Companys internal control over financial reporting. Managements Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting The Companys management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting for the Company. The Companys internal control over financial
reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the Companys President and Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Companys financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. As of December31, 2009, management assessed the effectiveness of the Companys internal
control over financial reporting based on the criteria for effective internal control over
financial reporting established in Internal Control Integrated Framework, issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations COSOof the Treadway Commission. Based on the assessment,
management determined that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial
reporting as of December31, 2009, based on those criteria. Ernst Young LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the
consolidated financial statements of the Company included in this annual report on Form 10-K, has
issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of the Companys internal control over financial
reporting as of December31, 2009. The report, which expresses unqualified opinions on the
effectiveness of the Companys internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2009,
is included in this Item8A under the heading Attestation Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm. 71 Table of Contents Attestation Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Rush Enterprises, Inc. We have audited Rush Enterprises, Inc.s internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2009, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission the COSO criteria. Rush
Enterprises, Inc.s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over
financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting included in the accompanying Managements Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the companys internal control over
financial reporting based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was
maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and
evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk,
and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe
that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. A companys internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A
companys internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that 1
pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 2provide reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company;
and 3provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the companys assets that could have a material effect on the
financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or
detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. In our opinion, Rush Enterprises, Inc. maintained, in all material respects, effective internal
control over financial reporting as of December31, 2009, based on the COSO criteria. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board United States, the consolidated balance sheets of Rush Enterprises, Inc. and subsidiaries
as of December31, 2009, and 2008, and the related consolidated statements of income, shareholders
equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December31, 2009, of Rush
Enterprises, Inc. and subsidiaries and our report dated March12, 2010, expressed an unqualified
opinion thereon. s/ Ernst Young LLP San Antonio, Texas
March12, 2010 72 Table of Contents   
Item1 Business
2
Item1A Risk Factors
13
Item1B Unresolved Staff Comments
20
Item2 Properties
20
Item3 Legal Proceedings
20
Part II
Item4.
Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant The information called for by Item9 of Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference to such
information included in the Companys Proxy Statement for the 2010 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Code of Ethics We maintain a code of ethics applicable to our principal executive officer, principal
financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, and other persons performing similar
functions. To view this code of ethics free of charge, please visit our website at
www.rushenterprises.com This website address is not intended to function as a hyperlink,
and the information contained in our website is not intended to be a part of this filing. We
intend to satisfy the disclosure requirements under Item505 of Form 8-K regarding an amendment
to, or waiver from, a provision of this code of ethics, if any, by posting such information on our
website set forth above.   
