Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplemental Data, Note 2 of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements.
Net Interest Income
Net interest income consists of interest income and expense and other
miscellaneous income and expense items. Net interest income was $375,000 508,000 and $544,000 for fiscal 1998, 1997 and 1996, respectively. The
fluctuations in net interest income from fiscal 1997 to fiscal 1998 and from
fiscal 1996 to fiscal 1997 were primarily attributable to fluctuations in the
Company cash and cash equivalent and short-term investments balances, coupled
with interest rate fluctuations during the comparable periods.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
In April 1996, the Company completed its initial public offering of 21
million shares of Common Stock.  The Company  received net proceeds of
approximately  $138  million,  after  deducting  expenses which included
underwriting discounts and commissions. At December 31, 1998, the Company had
cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments totaling $60 million and
working capital of $26 million.
The Company has a $175 million bank line of credit and equipment term loan
facility, which was entered into in December 1998. As of December 31, 1998, the
Company had no monies outstanding on the $15 million line of credit and had
fully utilized the $250,000 equipment term loan facility.
Net cash used in operating activities amounted to $51 million in 1998,
which was comprised principally of the Company net loss of $51 million. Net
cash provided by investing activities amounted to $41 million in 1998, which
mainly included maturities of short-term investments of $42 million. The
Company currently has no significant capital commitments for fiscal 1999.
Net cash provided by financing activities amounted to $138,000 in 1998
which primarily included net proceeds from the issuance of common stock of
$474,000 offset by principal payments under capital lease obligations of
$343,000.
The Company may, in the future, pursue acquisitions of complementary
companies or technologies, or divest certain products and related services, to
further strategic corporate objectives. Such transactions could result in a
significant use of cash and earnings per share dilution caused by reduced
interest income and/or the issuance of additional stock. Additionally, costs
associated with the acquisition or divestiture of companies, products and
related services or technologies could materially impact future operating
results. Such costs could result in significant losses in one or more fiscal
quarters.
The Company believes that its cash balances and credit facilities will be
sufficient to meet its anticipated cash needs to fund operating losses, working
capital requirements, capital expenditures and business expansion for at least
the next twelve months. Thereafter, if cash generated from operations is
insufficient to satisfy the Company liquidity requirements, the Company may
seek to sell additional equity or convertible debt securities or obtain
additional credit facilities. The sale of additional equity or convertible debt
securities could result in additional dilution to the Company stockholders and
may not be available on terms favorable to the Company, if at all.
17 Additional Factors That May Affect Future Results
The Company was founded in February 1992 and has incurred operating losses
in each of its fiscal years since inception and had an accumulated deficit of
$287 million as of December 1998. The Company prospects must be considered in
light of the risks, expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by
companies in the early stage of new product development, particularly companies
in new and rapidly evolving markets. There can be no assurance that the Company
will be successful in addressing such risks.
The Company quarterly and annual operating results have in the past, and
may in the future, vary significantly depending on many factors. Because of the
reasons described in this paragraph, the Company first quarter revenue of 1999
may or may not increase sequentially. Historically, a substantial portion of the
Company revenues has been recognized in the last two weeks of the quarter as a
result of many customers' purchasing practices. The inability of the Company to
recognize expected revenues during the last month of the quarter could result in
substantial fluctuations from period to period. The Company anticipates that its
marketing strategy for the WorldSecure product line will, in the future, depend
more significantly on distribution by third-party resellers and on managing the
international distribution channel. In addition,  significant revenue was
reported during 1998 from non-refundable minimum commitments from two large
resellers which do not directly reflect sales to end-users, including the
Japanese distributor who failed to make payments associated with the first and
second quarter revenue. During the first two quarters of 1999, the Company
expects to report additional revenue from the recognition of the balance of a
non-refundable prepaid purchase commitment from one reseller based on guaranteed
quarterly minimum commitments from a reseller. The realization of revenue in
excess of the non-refundable prepaid amount noted above will depend on the
success of these resellers in the marketplace. The Company believes that
reaching and maintaining  profitability  will depend on increased market
acceptance of its WorldSecure Internet content security and policy management
solutions. Failure of the Company resellers and international distributors to
successfully market the Company products would cause a material adverse effect
on the Company anticipated future revenue, and there can be no assurance that
the Company resellers and international distributors will be successful in
marketing the Company products. Also, new direct sales and telesales personnel
can take up to three quarters to be fully productive against quotas that are in
line with industry norms. Additional factors that may affect operating results
include the timing of customers' decision-making processes, the timing of
research, development and marketing expenses in relation to product releases,
the timing of product introductions by the Company and its competitors, market
acceptance of new versions of the Company products, product mix and general
economic factors. Any unfavorable changes in these or other factors could have a
material adverse effect on the Company business, financial condition and
results of operations.
The Company success also depends on the performance of management and key
personnel. There have been several executive level changes during 1998 and early
1999. A key element in the Company future success is the ability of the
Company management team to implement the Company business strategy.
The Company Common Stock is listed on the Nasdaq National Market. There
are two sets of criteria used to determine if a company, once listed on the
National Market, can remain listed. Each National Market company must meet all
of the requirements of at least one set of criteria to maintain its listing.
Criteria 1, among other things requires the Company to maintain a net tangible
worth total assets, excluding goodwill, minus total liabilities of at least $4
million. Although the Company met this requirement as of December 31, 1998, the
Company expects continued losses in the current and following quarters and may
not meet this continued listing requirement in the future if it is unable to
raise additional capital in the interim. The second criteria requires, among
other things, that the Company maintain a minimum bid price on the National
Market of at least $500 per share. The Company does not currently meet this
requirement and, therefore, until the Company bid price exceeds $500, this
set of criteria will not apply to the Company. Should the Company fail to meet
either set of criteria, it believes it would be eligible for listing on the
Nasdaq Small Cap Market.
The Company success is also dependent upon market acceptance of its
WorldSecure product line in preference to competing products and products that
may be developed by others. There can be no assurance that the Company will be
successful in developing and marketing product enhancements or new products that
respond to                     18 technological  change,  evolving industry standards and changing customer
requirements or that such new products will achieve a sufficient level of market
acceptance to result in profitable operations. In addition, the introduction or
announcement of new product offerings by the Company or its competitors could
cause customers to defer or cancel purchases of existing Company products.
Failure of the Company to develop and introduce new products and product
enhancements in a timely and cost-effective manner or to anticipate and respond
adequately to changing market conditions, as well as any significant delay in
product development or introduction, could cause customers to delay or decide
against purchases of the Company product, which could have a material adverse
effect on the Company business, financial condition and results of operations.
There are a number of factors that must be addressed for the Company
products to achieve broad market acceptance. These factors include performance,
functionality, interoperability, price and the customer assessment of the
Company technical, managerial, service and support expertise and capability.
Failure to succeed with respect to any of these factors could result in the
Company failing to achieve broad market acceptance of its products, which could
have a material adverse effect on the Company future revenue growth.
International sales accounted for 28% of the Company total sales in 1998
and 1997. As part of the financial results for the third quarter of 1998, the
Company announced that the distribution relationship with ASG in Japan had been
terminated by Worldtalk  for ASG  failure to make  payments  totaling
approximately $17 million for software product fees and maintenance for the
first and second quarters of 1998. ASG accounted for 18% and 63% of the
Company total license sales and total international software license sales in
1998, respectively. International sales involve a number of risks, including the
impact of possible recessionary economic environments outside of the United
States, longer receivables collection periods, unexpected changes in regulatory
requirements, reduced protection for intellectual property rights in some
countries,  tariffs and other trade barriers.  Exports of the Company
WorldSecure  products require export authorization by license or license
exception pursuant to the Export Administration Regulations administered by the
United States Department of Commerce, Bureau of Export Administration. These
licenses contain certain restrictions as well as administrative requirements,
which must be assumed by the Company. There is no assurance that the Company
will be successful in obtaining additional licenses or license exceptions.
Failure to do so would adversely affect international sales of the Company
WorldSecure products. Additionally, United States government policy relative to
encryption software is subject to change and any change resulting in increased
restrictions could adversely affect sales of the Company WorldSecure products.
There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to sustain or increase
revenue derived from international licensing and service. Any failure to expand
sales in foreign markets, and the risks of doing business in those markets,
could have a material adverse effect on the Company business, financial
condition and results of operations.
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 
Interest rate sensitivity
The primary objective of the Company investment activities is to preserve
principal while at the same time maximizing the income received from investments
without significantly increasing risk. Some of the securities that the Company
has invested in may be subject to market risk. Market risk means that a change
in prevailing interest rates may cause the principal amount of the investment to
fluctuate. To minimize this risk, the Company maintains a portfolio of cash
equivalents and short-term investment in a variety of securities. In addition,
the Company invests in relatively short-term securities. As of December 31,
1998, all of the Company investments mature in less than one year.                    19 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Page
Index to Consolidated Financial Statements:
Independent Auditor Report  21
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 1998 and 1997.. 22
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended
December 31, 1998, 1997 and 1996  23
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity Deficit
for the years ended December 31, 1998, 1997 and 1996.. 24
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended
December 31, 1998, 1997 and 1996  26
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  27                    20              INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT
The Board of Directors and Stockholders
Worldtalk Corporation   We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Worldtalk
Corporation and subsidiary as of December 31, 1998 and 1997, and the related
consolidated statements of operations, stockholders' equity deficit, and cash
flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 1998. In
connection with our audits of the consolidated financial statements, we also
have audited the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at 