ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Audited financial statements are contained on pages F-1 through F-33 of this Annual Report on Form
10-K and are incorporated herein by reference. Audited supplemental schedule data is contained on
pages S-1 through S-2 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 1.BUSINESS
Item 1A. RISK FACTORS
Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
Item 2. PROPERTIES
Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
Item 4. RESERVED
PART II
Item 5. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Advocat, with the participation of our principal executive and financial officers, has evaluated
the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rules
13a-15e and 15d-15e promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as of
December31, 2009. Based on this evaluation, the principal executive and financial officers have
determined that such disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in our filings under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities Exchange
Commissions rules and forms. Managements Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting We are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting as defined in Rule13a-15f under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. We
assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December31,
2009. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework. We have concluded that, as of December31, 2009, our internal control over financial
reporting is effective based on these criteria. Our independent registered public accounting firm,
BDO Seidman, LLP, has issued an unqualified audit report on our financial statements included in
this annual report as well as an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting as of December31, 2009 which is included herein. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There has been no change including corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies or
material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting that has occurred during our
fiscal quarter ended December31, 2009 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. Our management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls
will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated,
can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are
met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource
constraints, and the benefit of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the
inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute
assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and
instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities
that judgments in 36 Table of Contents decision making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake.
Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or
more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is
based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events and there can be no
assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future
conditions. 37 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Board of Directors and Shareholders
Advocat Inc.
Brentwood, Tennessee We have audited Advocat Inc.s the Company internal control over financial reporting as of
December31, 2009, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission the COSO criteria. The
Companys management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial
reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting,
included in the accompanying Managements Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on the Companys internal control over financial reporting
based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was
maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing
and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed
risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the
circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. A companys internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A
companys internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that 1
pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 2provide reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company;
and 3provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the companys assets that could have a material effect on the
financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or
detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. In our opinion, Advocat Inc. maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over
financial reporting as of December31, 2009, based on the COSO criteria. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board United States, the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December31, 2009 and
2008 and the related consolidated statements of income, shareholders equity, and cash flows for
each of the three years in the period ended December31, 2009 and our report dated March9, 2010
expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. s/ BDO Seidman, LLP Nashville, Tennessee
March9, 2010 Item 1.BUSINESS
Item 1A. RISK FACTORS
Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
Item 2. PROPERTIES
Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
Item 4. RESERVED
PART II
Item 5. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Information concerning our Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance is incorporated
herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement for our 2010 Annual Meeting of Shareholders,
which we will file within 120days of the end of the fiscal year to which this Report relates. 