Item8.
Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data   Nuance
Communications, Inc. Consolidated Financial Statements   
49 Table of Contents   NUANCE
COMMUNICATIONS, INC.
INDEX TO
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   	
Page   Reports of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm   51   Consolidated Balance Sheets   54   Consolidated Statements of Operations   55   Consolidated Statements of Stockholders
Equity and Comprehensive Loss   56   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   57   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   58   
50 Table of Contents   REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   Board of Directors and Stockholders   Nuance Communications, Inc.   Burlington, Massachusetts   We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of
Nuance Communications, Inc. the Company as of
September30, 2007 and 2006, and the related consolidated
statements of operations, stockholders equity and
comprehensive loss, and cash flows for each of the three years
in the period ended September30, 2007. These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Companys
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
financial statements based on our audits.   We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.   In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred
to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of Nuance Communications, Inc. at September30,
2007 and 2006, and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for each of the three years in the period ended
September30, 2007, in conformity with U.S.generally
accepted accounting principles.   As described in note18 of the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements, Nuance Communications, Inc. adopted
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No158,
Employers Accounting for Defined Benefit Pension and
Other Postretirement Plans An Amendment of FASB
Statements No87, 88, 106, and 132R, effective
September30, 2007.   We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States,
Nuance Communications, Inc.s internal control over
financial reporting as of September30, 2007, based on
criteria established in Internal Control
Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission the COSO Criteria,
and our report dated November29, 2007 expressed an
unqualified opinion thereon.   /s/BDO
SEIDMAN, LLP   BDO Seidman, LLP   Boston, Massachusetts   November29, 2007   
51 Table of Contents   REPORT OF
INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   Board of Directors and Shareholders
Nuance Communications, Inc.
Burlington, Massachusetts   We have audited Nuance Communication Inc.s internal
control over financial reporting as of September30, 2007,
based on criteria established in Internal Control
Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission the COSO criteria.
Nuance Communication Inc.s management is responsible for
maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting
and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control
over financial reporting, included in the accompanying
