Item8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data The
information required by this Item is included in pages F-33 to F-79 of our annual report to
shareowners for the year ended September30, 2006. These pages of the annual report to shareowners
are included in Exhibit13 to this report. Item 1.
Business
3
Item 1A.
Risk Factors
16
Item 1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments
23
Item 2.
Properties
23
Item 3.
Legal Proceedings
24
Item 4.
Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
25
PART II   Item 5. Controls and Procedures Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September30, 2006.
The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules13a-15e and 15d-15e under
the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that
information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in
the SECs rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation,
controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company
in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to
the companys management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as
appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that
any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable
assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in
evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on the
evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September30, 2006, our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and
procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. Managements Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Managements report on our internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules13a-15f
and 15d-15f under the Exchange Act and the independent registered public accounting firms
related audit report are included in Item8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are incorporated
herein by reference. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting No change in our internal control over financial reporting occurred during the fiscal quarter ended
September30, 2006 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our
internal control over financial reporting. Item9B. Other Information None. PART III 