Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
See page F-1 for an index to the consolidated financial
statements, the Report of Management and the Reports of the
Registered Public Accounting Firm submitted as part of this
Annual Report.
Item 1 Business                      3
Item 2 Properties                     17
Item 3 Legal Proceedings                  18
Item 4 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 18
PART II
Item 5. Controls and Procedures
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
As of December 31, 2004, the Company carried out an evaluation,
under the supervision and with the participation of the Company
Management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and
operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined
in Rules 13a-15e and 15d-15e of the Securities Exchange Act
of 2004, as amended and, have concluded that the Company
disclosure controls and procedures were effective and designed to
ensure that material information relating to the Company and the
Company consolidated subsidiaries would be made known to them
by others within those entities to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosures.
Management Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
The Company Management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting,
as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15f and 15d-
15f.  Under the supervision and with the participation of
Management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, the Company conducted an evaluation of the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as
of  December 31, 2004 based on the framework in Internal
Control-Integrated  Framework issued by  the  Committee  of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO.
Based on that evaluation, Management concluded that internal
control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31,
2004.
Management assessment of the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2004 has been
audited by Ernst & Young LLP, an independent registered public
accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included
elsewhere herein.
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
There were no significant changes in the Company internal
controls or in other factors as of the end of the period covered
by this report that could significantly affect those controls
subsequent to the end of the period. Item 1 Business                      3
Item 2 Properties                     17
Item 3 Legal Proceedings                  18
Item 4 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 18
PART II
Item 5. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant
Except for the information regarding directors and executive
officers of the registrant, which is included in Part I, the
information required by this item will be contained in the
Company Proxy Statement for its Annual Shareholders Meeting to
be held May 26, 2005 to be filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission within 120 days after December 31, 2004 and is
incorporated herein by reference in response to this item.
