Item8 to this Annual Report on
Form10-K.
We are incorporating that information into this section by
reference.   
7 Table of Contents   Employees   At September30, 2010, we had 1,410 full time employees. In
addition, we utilized 285 part time employees and contractors.
Approximately 46employees in our facility in Jena, Germany
are covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We consider
our relationships with these and all employees to be good.   Available
Information   We file annual, quarterly, and current reports, proxy
statements, and other documents with the Securities and Exchange
Commission SEC under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended the Exchange Act. The public
may read and copy any materials that we file with the SEC at the
SECs Public Reference Room at 100FStreet, NE,
Washington, DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the
operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at
1-800-SEC-0330.
Also, the SEC maintains an Internet website that contains
reports, proxy and information statements, and other information
regarding issuers, including Brooks Automation, Inc., that file
electronically with the SEC. The public can obtain any documents
that we file with the SEC at www.sec.gov.   Our internet website address is
http www.brooks.com.
Through our website, we make available, free of charge, our
annual report on
Form10-K,
quarterly reports on
Form10-Q,
current reports on
Form8-K
and any amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably
practicable after such materials are electronically filed, or
furnished to, the SEC. These SEC reports can be accessed through
the investor relations section of our website. The information
found on our website is not part of this or any other report we
file with or furnish to the SEC.   
Item1A.
Risk
Factors   Factors
That May Affect Future Results   You should carefully consider the risks described below and the
other information in this report before deciding to invest in
shares of our common stock. These are the risks and
uncertainties we believe are most important for you to consider.
Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us,
which we currently deem immaterial or which are similar to those
faced by other companies in our industry or business in general,
may also impair our business operations. If any of the following
risks or uncertainties actually occurs, our business, financial
condition and operating results would likely suffer. In that
event, the market price of our common stock could decline and
you could lose all or part of your investment.   Risks
Relating to Our Industry   Due in
part to the cyclical nature of the semiconductor manufacturing
industry and related industries, as well as due to volatility in
worldwide capital and equity markets, we have previously
incurred operating losses and may have future
losses.   Our business is largely dependent on capital expenditures in the
semiconductor manufacturing industry and other businesses
employing similar manufacturing technology. The semiconductor
manufacturing industry in turn depends on current and
anticipated demand for integrated circuits and the products that
use them. In recent years, these businesses have experienced
unpredictable and volatile business cycles due in large part to
rapid changes in demand and manufacturing capacity for
semiconductors, and these cycles have had an impact on our
business, sometimes causing declining revenues and operation
losses. We could experience future operating losses during an
industry downturn. If an industry downturn continues for an
extended period of time, our business could be materially
harmed. Conversely, in periods of rapidly increasing demand, we
could have insufficient inventory and manufacturing capacity to
meet our customer needs on a timely basis, which could result in
the loss of customers and various other expenses that could
reduce gross margins and profitability.   We
face competition which may lead to price pressure and otherwise
adversely affect our sales.   We face competition throughout the world in each of our product
areas. This comes from competitors as discussed in PartI,
Item1, Business Competition as
well as internal robotic capabilities at larger OEMs. Many of
our competitors have substantial engineering, manufacturing,
marketing and customer support capabilities. We   
8 Table of Contents   expect our competitors to continue to improve the performance of
their current products and to introduce new products and
technologies that could adversely affect sales of our current
and future products and services. New products and technologies
developed by our competitors or more efficient production of
their products could require us to make significant price
reductions or decide not to compete for certain orders. If we
fail to respond adequately to pricing pressures or fail to
develop products with improved performance or developments with
respect to the other factors on which we compete, we could lose
customers or orders. If we are unable to compete effectively,
our business and prospects could be materially harmed.   Risks
Relating to Brooks   Our
operating results could fluctuate significantly, which could
negatively impact our business.   Our revenues, operating margins and other operating results
could fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter depending
upon a variety of factors, including   
demand for our products as a result of the cyclical nature of
the semiconductor manufacturing industry and the markets upon
which it depends or otherwise   
changes in the timing and terms of product orders by our
customers as a result of our customer concentration or otherwise   
changes in the mix of products and services that we offer   
timing and market acceptance of our new product introductions   
delays or problems in the planned introduction of new products,
or in the performance of any such products following delivery to
customers   
new products, services or technological innovations by our
competitors, which can, among other things, render our products
less competitive due to the rapid technological change in our
industry   
the timing and related costs of any acquisitions, divestitures
or other strategic transactions   
our ability to reduce our costs in response to decreased demand
for our products and services   
disruptions in our manufacturing process or in the supply of
components to us   
write-offs for excess or obsolete inventory;and   
competitive pricing pressures.   As a result of these risks, we believe that quarter to quarter
comparisons of our revenue and operating results may not be
meaningful, and that these comparisons may not be an accurate
indicator of our future performance.   If we
do not continue to introduce new products and services that
reflect advances in technology in a timely and effective manner,
our products and services may become obsolete and our operating
results will suffer.   Our success is dependent on our ability to respond to the
technological change present in the markets we serve. The
success of our product development and introduction depends on
our ability to   
accurately identify and define new market opportunities and
products   
obtain market acceptance of our products   
timely innovate, develop and commercialize new technologies and
applications   
adjust to changing market conditions   
differentiate our offerings from our competitors offerings   
obtain intellectual property rights where necessary   
continue to develop a comprehensive, integrated product and
service strategy   
9 Table of Contents   
properly price our products and services;and   
design our products to high standards of manufacturability such
that they meet customer requirements.   If we cannot succeed in responding in a timely manner to
technological
and/or
market changes or if the new products that we introduce do not
achieve market acceptance, it could diminish our competitive
position which could materially harm our business and our
prospects.   The
global nature of our business exposes us to multiple
risks.   For the fiscal years ended September30, 2010 and 2009,
approximately 46% and 47%, respectively, of our revenues were
derived from sales outside North America. We expect that
international sales, including increased sales in Asia, will
continue to account for a significant portion of our revenues.
We maintain a global footprint of sales, service and repair
operations. As a result of our international operations, we are
exposed to many risks and uncertainties, including   
longer sales-cycles and time to collection   
tariff and international trade barriers   
fewer legal protections for intellectual property and contract
rights abroad   
different and changing legal and regulatory requirements in the
jurisdictions in which we operate   
government currency control and restrictions on repatriation of
earnings   
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange and interest
rates;and   
political and economic changes, hostilities and other
disruptions in regions where we operate.   Negative developments in any of these areas in one or more
countries could result in a reduction in demand for our
products, the cancellation or delay of orders already placed,
threats to our intellectual property, difficulty in collecting
receivables, and a higher cost of doing business, any of which
could materially harm our business and profitability.   Changes
in key personnel could impair our ability to execute our
business strategy.   The continuing service of our executive officers and essential
engineering, technical and management personnel, together with
our ability to attract and retain such personnel, is an
important factor in our continuing ability to execute our
strategy. There is substantial competition to attract such
employees and the loss of any such key employees could have a
material adverse effect on our business and operating results.
The same could be true if we were to experience a high turnover
rate among engineering and technical personnel and we were
unable to replace them.   We may
be subject to claims of infringement of third-party intellectual
property rights, or demands that we license third-party
technology, which could result in significant expense and
prevent us from using our technology.   We rely upon patents, trade secret laws, confidentiality
procedures, copyrights, trademarks and licensing agreements to
protect our technology. Due to the rapid technological change
that characterizes the semiconductor and flat panel display
process equipment industries, we believe that the improvement of
existing technology, reliance upon trade secrets and unpatented
proprietary know-how and the development of new products may be
as important as patent protection in establishing and
maintaining competitive advantage. To protect trade secrets and
know-how, it is our policy to require all technical and
management personnel to enter into nondisclosure agreements. We
cannot guarantee that these efforts will meaningfully protect
our trade secrets.   There has been substantial litigation regarding patent and other
intellectual property rights in the semiconductor related
industries. We have in the past been, and may in the future be,
notified that we may be infringing intellectual property rights
possessed by third parties. We cannot guarantee that
infringement claims by third parties or other claims for
indemnification by customers or end users of our products
resulting from infringement claims   
10 Table of Contents   will not be asserted in the future or that such assertions, if
proven to be true, will not materially and adversely affect our
business, financial condition and results of operations.   We cannot predict the extent to which we might be required to
seek licenses or alter our products so that they no longer
infringe the rights of others. We also cannot guarantee that
licenses will be available or the terms of any licenses we may
be required to obtain will be reasonable. Similarly, changing
our products or processes to avoid infringing the rights of
others may be costly or impractical and could detract from the
value of our products. If a judgment of infringement were
obtained against us, we could be required to pay substantial
damages and a court could issue an order preventing us from
selling one or more of our products. Further, the cost and
diversion of management attention brought about by such
litigation could be substantial, even if we were to prevail. Any
of these events could result in significant expense to us and
may materially harm our business and our prospects.   Our
failure to protect our intellectual property could adversely
affect our future operations.   Our ability to compete is significantly affected by our ability
to protect our intellectual property. Existing trade secret,
trademark and copyright laws offer only limited protection, and
certain of our patents could be invalidated or circumvented. In
addition, the laws of some countries in which our products are
or may be developed, manufactured or sold may not fully protect
our products. We cannot guarantee that the steps we have taken
to protect our intellectual property will be adequate to prevent
the misappropriation of our technology. Other companies could
independently develop similar or superior technology without
violating our intellectual property rights. In the future, it
may be necessary to engage in litigation or like activities to
enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade
secrets or to determine the validity and scope of proprietary
rights of others, including our customers. This could require us
to incur significant expenses and to divert the efforts and
attention of our management and technical personnel from our
business operations.   If the
site of our manufacturing operations were to experience a
significant disruption in operations, our business could be
materially harmed.   We have a limited number of manufacturing facilities for our
products. If the operations of these facilities were disrupted
as a result of a natural disaster, fire, power or other utility
outage, work stoppage or other similar event, our business could
be seriously harmed because we may be unable to manufacture and
ship products and parts to our customers in a timely fashion.   Our
business could be materially harmed if one or more key suppliers
fail to continuously deliver key components of acceptable cost
and quality.   We currently obtain many of our key components on an as-needed,
purchase order basis from numerous suppliers. In some cases we
have only a single source of supply for necessary components and
materials used in the manufacturing of our products. Further, we
are increasing our sourcing of products in Asia, and
particularly in China, and we do not have a previous course of
dealing with many of these suppliers. We do not generally have
long-term supply contracts with any of these suppliers, and many
of them underwent cost-containment measures in light of the last
industry downturn. As the industry has recovered, these
suppliers have faced challenges in delivering components on a
timely basis. This volatility in demand has led some of our
vendors to exit the semiconductor market, and other vendors may
also decide to exit this market. Our inability to obtain
components or materials in required quantities or of acceptable
cost and quality and with the necessary continuity of supply
could result in delays or reductions in product shipments to our
customers. In addition, if a supplier or
sub-supplier
alters their manufacturing processes and suffers a production
stoppage for any reason or modifies or discontinues their
products, this could result in a delay or reduction in product
shipments to our customers. Any of these contingencies could
cause us to lose customers, result in delayed or lost revenue
and otherwise materially harm our business.   Our
stock price is volatile.   The market price of our common stock has fluctuated widely. From
the beginning of fiscal year 2009 through the end of fiscal year
2010, our stock price fluctuated between a high of $1082 per
share and a low of $258 per share. Consequently, the current
market price of our common stock may not be indicative of future
market prices   
11 Table of Contents   and we may be unable to sustain or increase the value of an
investment in our common stock. Factors affecting our stock
price may include   
variations in operating results from quarter to quarter   
changes in earnings estimates by analysts or our failure to meet
analysts expectations   
changes in the market price per share of our public company
customers   
market conditions in the semiconductor and other industries into
which we sell products   
general economic conditions   
political changes, hostilities or natural disasters such as
hurricanes and floods   
low trading volume of our common stock;and   
the number of firms making a market in our common stock.   In addition, the stock market has recently experienced
significant price and volume fluctuations. These fluctuations
have particularly affected the market prices of the securities
of high technology companies like ours. These market
fluctuations could adversely affect the market price of our
common stock.   Risks
Relating to Our Customers   Because
we rely on a limited number of customers for a large portion of
our revenues, the loss of one or more of these customers could
materially harm our business.   We receive a significant portion of our revenues in each fiscal
period from a relatively limited number of customers, and that
trend is likely to continue. Sales to our ten largest customers
accounted for approximately 63%, 44% and 52% of our total
revenues in the fiscal years ended September30, 2010, 2009
and 2008, respectively. The loss of one or more of these major
customers, a significant decrease in orders from one of these
customers, or the inability of one or more customers to make
payments to us when they are due could materially affect our
revenue, business and reputation.   Because
of the lengthy sales cycles of many of our products, we may
incur significant expenses before we generate any revenues
related to those products.   Our customers may need several months to test and evaluate our
products. This increases the possibility that a customer may
decide to cancel or change plans, which could reduce or
eliminate our sales to that customer. The impact of this risk
can be magnified during the periods in which we introduce a
number of new products, as has been the case in recent years. As
a result of this lengthy sales cycle, we may incur significant
research and development expenses, and selling, general and
administrative expenses before we generate the related revenues
for these products, and we may never generate the anticipated
revenues if our customer cancels or changes its plans.   In addition, many of our products will not be sold directly to
the end-user but will be components of other products. As a
result, we rely on OEMs to select our products from among
alternative offerings to be incorporated into their equipment at
the design stage; so-called design-ins. The OEMs decisions
often precede the generation of volume sales, if any, by a year
or more. Moreover, if we are unable to achieve these design-ins
from an OEM, we would have difficulty selling our products to
that OEM because changing suppliers involves significant cost,
time, effort and risk on the part of that OEM.   Customers
generally do not make long term commitments to purchase our
products and our customers may cease purchasing our products at
any time.   Sales of our products are often made pursuant to individual
purchase orders and not under long-term commitments and
contracts. Our customers frequently do not provide any assurance
of minimum or future sales and are not prohibited from
purchasing products from our competitors at any time.
Accordingly, we are exposed to competitive pricing pressures on
each order. Our customers also engage in the practice of
purchasing products from more than one manufacturer to avoid
dependence on sole-source suppliers for certain of their needs.
The existence   
12 Table of Contents   of these practices makes it more difficult for us to increase
price, gain new customers and win repeat business from existing
customers.   
Item 1.   Business   3   Item 1A.   Risk Factors   8   Item 1B.   Unresolved Staff Comments   13   Item 2.   Properties   13   Item 3.   Legal Proceedings   13   Item 4.
Properties   Our corporate headquarters and primary manufacturing/research
and development facilities are currently located in three
buildings in Chelmsford, Massachusetts, which we purchased in
January 2001. We lease a fourth building in Chelmsford adjacent
to the three that we own. In summary, we maintain the following
active principal facilities   	
Square Footage
Ownership Status/Lease
Location   Functions   Approx.   Expiration   Chelmsford, Massachusetts   Corporate headquarters, training, manufacturing and RD   214,000   Owned   Chelmsford, Massachusetts   Manufacturing   97,000   October 2014   Gresham, Oregon   Manufacturing and RD   131,900   March 2016   Wuxi, China   Manufacturing   85,400   August 2015   Petaluma, California   Manufacturing and RD   72,300   September 2011   Longmont, Colorado   Manufacturing and RD   60,900   February 2015   Yongin-City, South Korea   Manufacturing, RD and sales support   34,100   November 2015   Jena, Germany   RD and sales support   31,300   Several leases with terms
that require 6-month notice   Our Critical Solutions Group segment utilizes the facilities in
Massachusetts, California and Colorado as well as a smaller
manufacturing and RD facility in Germany. Our Systems
Solutions Group segment utilizes the facilities in
Massachusetts, Oregon, South Korea and China. Our Global
Customer Operations segment utilizes the facilities in
Massachusetts, Germany, South Korea and China.   We maintain additional sales support and training
offices in California and Texas and overseas in Europe France
and Germany, as well as in Asia Japan, China, Singapore and
Taiwan and the Middle East Israel.   We utilize a third party to manage a manufacturing operation in
Mexico. As part of our arrangement with this third party, we
guarantee a lease for a 56,100square foot manufacturing
facility. The remaining payments under this lease, which expires
in 2013, are approximately $09million.   We currently sublease a total of 180,300square feet of
space previously exited as a result of our various restructuring
activities. Another 248,100square feet of mixed office and
manufacturing/research and development space located in
Massachusetts and Oregon is not in use and unoccupied at this
time. Of these idle facilities, the leases expire in fiscal year
2011 on 167,300square feet. We own the facility on the
remaining 80,800square feet of idle space.   
Item3.
Legal
Proceedings   On August22, 2006, an action captioned as Mark
Levyv. Robert J. Therrien and Brooks Automation, Inc.,
was filed in the United States District Court for the District
of Delaware, seeking recovery, on behalf of Brooks, from
Mr.Therrien the Companys former Chairman and CEO
under Section16b of the Exchange Act for alleged
short-swing profits earned by Mr.Therrien due
to the loan and stock option exercise in November 1999, and a
sale by Mr.Therrien of Brooks stock in March 2000. The
complaint seeks disgorgement of all profits earned by
Mr.Therrien on the transactions, attorneys fees and
other expenses. On February20, 2007, a second
Section16b action, concerning the same loan and stock
option exercise in November 1999 discussed above and seeking the
same remedy, was filed in the United States District Court of
the District of Delaware, captioned Aron Rosenbergv.
Robert J. Therrien and Brooks Automation, Inc. On
April4, 2007, the court issued an order consolidating the
Levy   
13 Table of Contents   and Rosenberg actions. On July14, 2008, the court
denied Mr.Therriens motion to dismiss this action.
Discovery has commenced in this matter. The parties have also
been engaged in discussions to seek a settlement of the case,
and those discussions continue. Brooks is a nominal defendant in
the consolidated action and any recovery in this action, less
attorneys fees, would go to the Company.   
Item 1.   Business   3   Item 1A.   Risk Factors   8   Item 1B.   Unresolved Staff Comments   13   Item 2.   Properties   13   Item 3.   Legal Proceedings   13   Item 4.
Market
for Registrants Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters
and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC under
the symbol BRKS. The following table sets forth, for
the periods indicated, the high and low close prices per share
of our common stock, as reported by the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC   	
High   Low   Fiscal year ended September30, 2010   First quarter     911     613   Second quarter   1082   720   Third quarter   1023   663   Fourth quarter   917   546   Fiscal year ended September30, 2009   First quarter     826     258   Second quarter   628   333   Third quarter   648   385   Fourth quarter   815   416   Number of
Holders   As of October31, 2010, there were 1,033 holders of record
of our common stock.   Dividend
Policy   We have not previously declared or paid a cash dividend on our
capital stock. The Board of Directors periodically reviews the
strategic use of cash in excess of business needs.   See Item12 of PartIII of this Annual Report on
Form10-K
for information regarding securities authorized for issuance
under our equity compensation plans.   
14 Table of Contents   Comparative
Stock Performance   The following graph compares the cumulative total shareholder
return assuming reinvestment of dividends from investing $100
on September30, 2005, and plotted at the last trading day
of each of the fiscal years ended September30, 2006, 2007,
2008. 2009 and 2010, in each of ithe Companys
Common Stock; iithe NASDAQ/AMEX/NYSE Market Index of
companies; iiian industry group index comprised of
NYSE/NASDAQ/AMEX SIC Codes
3550-3559;
and iva peer group comprised of: Advanced Energy
Industries, Inc., Cymer, Inc., Entegris, Inc., FEI Company, LAM
Research Corporation, Mattson Technology Corporation, MKS
Instruments, Inc., Novellus Systems, Inc., Phototronics, Inc.,
Ultra Clean Technology, Inc., Varian Semiconductor Equipment
Associates, Inc. and Veeco Instruments, Inc. We use this same
peer group in our review of executive compensation. This peer
group index will replace the NYSE/NASDAQ/AMEX SIC Codes
3550-3559
index in future filings. The stock price performance on the
graph below is not necessarily indicative of future price
performance.   Performance
Graph
COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN*
Among Brooks Automation, Inc., The NASDAQ/AMEX/NYSE Index,
the NYSE/NASDAQ/AMEX SIC Codes
3550-3559
and a Peer Group      
* 
$100 invested on 9/30/05 in stock or index, including
reinvestment of dividends.   
Fiscal year ending September30.   	
9/30/05   9/29/06   9/28/07   9/30/08   9/30/09   9/30/10   Brooks Automation, Inc.   10000   9790   10683   6272   5799   5034   NASDAQ/AMEX/NYSE   10000   11164   13567   10568   10189   11145   NYSE/NASDAQ/AMEX SIC Codes
3550-3559   10000   12059   14090   9617   9852   11405   Peer Group   10000   12407   14329   8929   10127   10980   The information included under the heading Performance
Graph in Item5 of this Annual Report on
Form10-K
is furnished and not filed and shall not
be deemed to be soliciting material or subject to
Regulation14A, shall not be deemed filed for
purposes of Section18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise
subject to   
15 Table of Contents   the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed
incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act.   Issuance
of Unregistered Common Stock   Not applicable.   Issuers
Purchases of Equity Securities   As part of our equity compensation program, we offer recipients
of restricted stock awards the opportunity to elect to sell
their shares at the time of vesting to satisfy tax obligations
in connection with such vesting. The following table provides
information concerning shares of our Common Stock $001par
value purchased in connection with the forfeiture of shares to
satisfy the employees obligations with respect to
withholding taxes in connection with the vesting of certain
shares of restricted stock during the three months ended
September30, 2010. Upon purchase, these shares are
immediately retired.   	
Maximum
Number or
Approximate
Total Number of
Dollar Value of
Total
Shares Purchased as
Shares that May Yet
Number
Average Price
Part of Publicly
be Purchased Under
of Shares
Paid
Announced Plans
the Plans or
Period   Purchased   per Share   or Programs   Programs   July 1 31, 2010                  August 1 31, 2010   1,633   802   1,633     September 1 30, 2010   20,146   687   20,146     Total   21,779     695   21,779        
Item6.
Selected
Financial Data   The selected consolidated financial data set forth below should
be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial
statements and notes thereto and Managements
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations, appearing elsewhere in this report.   	
Year Ended September30   20107   20095   20084   200713   200612   In thousands, except per share data   Revenues     592,972     218,706     526,366     743,258     607,494   Gross profit loss     166,295     5,996        126,828     219,595     186,650   Income loss from continuing operations before income taxes and
equity in earnings losses of joint ventures     56,064     226,917        236,152        55,636     24,067   Income loss from continuing operations     59,025     227,773        236,678        54,369     21,680   Net income loss attributable to Brooks Automation, Inc.     58,982     227,858        235,946        151,472     25,930   Basic net income loss per share from continuing operations
attributable to Brooks Automation, Inc. common stockholders     092     362        367        074     031   Diluted net income loss per share from continuing operations
attributable to Brooks Automation, Inc. common stockholders     092     362        367        073     031   Shares used in computing basic earnings loss per share   63,777   62,911   64,542   73,492   72,323   Shares used in computing diluted earnings loss per share   64,174   62,911   64,542   74,074   72,533   
16 Table of Contents   	
As of September30   2010   2009   2008   2007   2006   In thousands   Total assets     518,224     413,322     663,638     1,014,838     992,577   Working capital     219,176     150,700     235,795     346,883     252,633   Total Brooks Automation, Inc. stockholders equity     388,815     319,129     541,995     859,779     799,134   	
Year Ended September30, 2010   First
Second
Third
Fourth
Quarter   Quarter7   Quarter   Quarter   In thousands, except per share data   Revenues     106,197     148,353     156,790     181,632   Gross profit     26,246     38,950     45,905     55,194   Income loss from continuing operations     2,877        20,948     16,646     24,308   Basic and diluted net income loss per share from continuing
operations attributable to Brooks Automation, Inc. common
stockholders     004        033     026     038   	
Year Ended September30, 2009   First
Second
Third
Fourth
Quarter   Quarter6   Quarter   Quarter   In thousands, except per share data   Revenues     73,446     37,299     43,876     64,085   Gross profit loss     6,388     27,796        3,550     11,862   Loss from continuing operations     35,170        152,633        25,502        14,468     Basic and diluted net loss per share from continuing operations
attributable to Brooks Automation, Inc. common stockholders     056        243        041        023     
1 
Amounts from continuing operations exclude results of operations
of the Specialty Equipment and Life Sciences division and the
Software division which were reclassified as a discontinued
operation in October 2006.   
2 
Amounts include results of operations of Helix Technology
Corporation acquired October26, 2005and Synetics
Solutions Inc. acquired June30, 2006for the
periods subsequent to their respective acquisitions.   
3 
Amounts include results of operations of Keystone Electronics
Wuxi Co., Ltd. acquired effective July1, 2007for
the periods subsequent to its acquisition. Net income loss
attributable to Brooks Automation, Inc. includes a
$972million gain from discontinued operations in
connection with the Software division.   
4 
Income loss from continuing operations before income taxes and
equity in earnings of joint ventures, income loss from
continuing operations and net income loss includes a
$1979million charge for the impairment of goodwill and a
$57million charge for the impairment of long-lived assets.   
5 
Gross profit loss includes a $209million impairment of
long-lived assets. Income loss from continuing operations
before income taxes and equity in earnings of joint ventures,
income loss from continuing operations and net income loss
includes a $718million charge for the impairment of
goodwill and a $355million charge for the impairment of
long-lived assets.   
6 
Gross profit loss includes a $205million impairment of
long-lived assets. Income loss from continuing operations
before income taxes and equity in earnings of joint ventures,
income loss from continuing operations and net income loss
includes a $718million charge for the impairment of
goodwill and a $351million charge for the impairment of
long-lived assets.   
7 
Income loss from continuing operations before income taxes and
equity in earnings of joint ventures, income loss from
continuing operations and net income loss includes a
$78million gain on the sale of certain patents and
patents pending related to a legacy product line.   17 Table of Contents   
Item7.
Managements
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations   Certain statements in this
Form10-K
constitute forward-looking statements which involve
known risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the
actual results, our performance or our achievements to be
materially different from any future results, performance or
achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements such as estimates of future revenue, gross margin,
and expense levels as well as the performance of the
semiconductor industry as a whole. Such factors include the
Risk Factors set forth in PartI, Item1A.
Precautionary statements made herein should be read as being
applicable to all related forward-looking statements whenever
they appear in this report.   Overview   We are a leading provider of automation, vacuum and
instrumentation solutions and are a highly valued business
partner to original equipment manufacturers OEMs
and equipment users throughout the world. We serve markets where
equipment productivity and availability is a critical factor for
our customers success, typically in demanding temperature
and/or
pressure environments. Our largest served market is the
semiconductor manufacturing industry, which represented 71% and
84% of our consolidated revenues for fiscal year 2009 and 2010,
respectively. We also provide unique solutions to customers in
data storage, advanced display, analytical instruments and
industrial markets. We develop and deliver differentiated
solutions that range from proprietary products to highly
respected manufacturing services.   The demand for semiconductors and semiconductor manufacturing
equipment is cyclical, resulting in periodic expansions and
contractions. Demand for our products has been impacted by these
cyclical industry conditions. After a period of cyclical
expansion, a downturn started in the fourth quarter of fiscal
year 2007 that continued through the second quarter of fiscal
year 2009. Since that time, during a period of renewed industry
expansion, our revenues have significantly increased in each
fiscal quarter, although recent order rates from semiconductor
companies have moderated and we anticipate that revenues in the
near term will be relatively flat from the levels experienced
for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2010.   Throughout fiscal years 2008 and 2009, we implemented a number
of cost reduction programs to improve productivity and align our
cost structure with a reduced demand environment. Our cost
reduction efforts focused on actions that would decrease our
overhead cost structure for the foreseeable future. Although we
have added personnel during fiscal year 2010, including
temporary employees, these additions were made primarily to
address increased production requirements and to invest in
certain product development programs.   In connection with our restructuring programs, we have realigned
our management structure and our underlying internal financial
reporting structure. Effective as of the beginning of our second
quarter of 2009, we implemented a new internal reporting
structure which includes three segments: Critical Solutions
Group, Systems Solutions Group and Global Customer Operations.
Financial results prior to this management structure have been
revised to reflect our current segment structure.   The Critical Solutions Group segment provides a variety of
products critical to technology equipment productivity and
availability. Those products include robots and robotic modules
for atmospheric and vacuum applications and cryogenic vacuum
pumping, thermal management and vacuum measurement solutions
used to create, measure and control critical process vacuum
applications.   The Systems Solutions Group segment provides a range of products
and engineering and manufacturing services, which include our
Extended Factory services. Our Extended Factory product offering
provides services to build equipment front-end modules and other
subassemblies which enable our customers to effectively develop
and source high quality and high reliability process tools for
semiconductor and adjacent market applications.   The Global Customer Operations segment provides an extensive
range of support services including on and off-site repair
services, on and off-site diagnostic support services, and
installation services to enable our customers to maximize
process tool uptime and productivity. This segment also provides
services and spare parts for certain legacy products.   
18 Table of Contents   On April5, 2010, we appointed Stephen S. Schwartz as the
Companys President. At the same time, Mr.Schwartz
became a member of a newly formed Office of the Chief Executive
with Robert J. Lepofsky, Chief Executive Officer, and Martin S.
Headley, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
On August4, 2010, Mr.Lepofsky announced his intent
to retire as of September30, 2010. Effective
October1, 2010, Mr.Schwartz succeeded
Mr.Lepofsky as our Chief Executive Officer.   Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates   The preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements
requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the
reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses,
and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On
an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those
related to bad debts, inventories, intangible assets, goodwill,
income taxes, warranty obligations and contingencies. We base
our estimates on historical experience and on various other
assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the
circumstances, including current and anticipated worldwide
economic conditions both in general and specifically in relation
to the semiconductor industry, the results of which form the
basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets
and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other
sources. As discussed in the year over year comparisons below,
actual results may differ from these estimates under different
assumptions or conditions.   We believe the following critical accounting policies affect our
more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation
of our Consolidated Financial Statements.   Revenues   Product revenues are associated with the sale of hardware
systems, components and spare parts as well as product license
revenue. Service revenues are associated with service contracts,
repairs, upgrades and field service. Shipping and handling fees,
if any, billed to customers are recognized as revenue. The
related shipping and handling costs are recognized in cost of
sales.   Revenue from product sales that do not include significant
customization is recorded upon delivery and transfer of risk of
loss to the customer provided there is evidence of an
arrangement, fees are fixed or determinable, collection of the
related receivable is reasonably assured and, if applicable,
customer acceptance criteria have been successfully
demonstrated. Customer acceptance provisions include final
testing and acceptance carried out prior to shipment. These
pre-shipment testing and acceptance procedures ensure that the
product meets the published specification requirements before
the product is shipped. In the limited situations where the
arrangement contains extended payment terms, revenue is
recognized as the payments become due. When significant on site
customer acceptance provisions are present in the arrangement,
revenue is recognized upon completion of customer acceptance
testing.   Revenue associated with service agreements is generally
recognized ratably over the term of the contract. Revenue from
repair services or upgrades of customer-owned equipment is
recognized upon completion of the repair effort and upon the
shipment of the repaired item back to the customer. In instances
where the repair or upgrade includes installation, revenue is
recognized when the installation is completed.   Intangible
Assets, Goodwill and Other Long-Lived Assets   As a result of our acquisitions, we have identified general
intangible assets other than goodwill and generated significant
goodwill. General intangible assets other than goodwill are
valued based on estimates of future cash flows and amortized
over their estimated useful life. Goodwill is subject to annual
impairment testing as well as testing upon the occurrence of any
event that indicates a potential impairment. General intangible
assets other than goodwill and other long-lived assets are
subject to an impairment test if there is an indicator of
impairment. We conduct our annual goodwill impairment test as of
our fiscal year end, or September30th.   Under U.S.Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
GAAP, the testing of goodwill for impairment is to
be performed at a level referred to as a reporting unit. A
reporting unit is either the operating segment level
or one level below, which is referred to as a
component. The level at which the impairment test is
performed requires an assessment as to whether the operations
below the operating segment constitute a self-sustaining
business, testing is   
19 Table of Contents   generally required to be performed at this level. We currently
have two reporting units that have goodwill, and both of those
units are part of our Critical Solutions Group operating segment.   We determine the fair value of our reporting units using the
Income Approach, specifically the Discounted Cash Flow Method
DCF Method. The DCF Method includes five year
future cash flow projections, which are discounted to present
value, and an estimate of terminal values, which are also
discounted to present value. Terminal values represent the
present value an investor would pay today for the rights to the
cash flows of the business for the years subsequent to the
discrete cash flow projection period. We consider the DCF Method
to be the most appropriate valuation indicator as the DCF
analyses are based on managements long-term financial
projections. Given the dynamic nature of the cyclical
semiconductor equipment market, managements projections as
of the valuation date are considered more objective since other
market metrics for peer companies fluctuate over the cycle.   Goodwill impairment testing is a two-step process. The first
step of the goodwill impairment test, used to identify potential
impairment, compares the fair value of each reporting unit to
its respective carrying amount, including goodwill. If the fair
value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount,
goodwill of the reporting unit is not considered impaired. If
the reporting units carrying amount exceeds the fair
value, the second step of the goodwill impairment test must be
completed to measure the amount of the impairment loss, if any.
The second step compares the implied fair value of goodwill with
the carrying value of goodwill. The implied fair value is
determined by allocating the fair value of the reporting unit to
all of the assets and liabilities of that unit, the excess of
the fair value over amounts assigned to its assets and
liabilities is the implied fair value of goodwill. The implied
fair value of goodwill determined in this step is compared to
the carrying value of goodwill. If the implied fair value of
goodwill is less than the carrying value of goodwill, an
impairment loss is recognized equal to the difference.   We recorded goodwill impairment charges of $1979million
and $718million in the three month periods ended
September30, 2008 and March31, 2009, respectively.
The details of these goodwill impairment charges are discussed
further under the Impairment Charges caption in our comparison
of fiscal year 2009 and 2008 results. Our tests of goodwill as
of September30, 2009 and 2010 indicated that we did not
have any further impairment to goodwill.   Under GAAP, we are required to test long-lived assets, which
exclude goodwill and intangible assets that are not amortized,
when indicators of impairment are present. For purposes of this
test, long-lived assets are grouped with other assets and
liabilities at the lowest level for which identifiable cash
flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets
and liabilities. When we determine that indicators of potential
impairment exist, the next step of the impairment test requires
that the potentially impaired long-lived asset group is tested
for recoverability. The test for recoverability compares the
undiscounted future cash flows of the long-lived asset group to
its carrying value. If the carrying values of the long-lived
asset group exceed the future cash flows, the assets are
considered to be potentially impaired. The next step in the
impairment process is to determine the fair value of the
individual net assets within the long-lived asset group. If the
aggregate fair values of the individual net assets of the group
are less then their carrying values, an impairment is recorded
equal to the excess of the aggregate carrying value of the group
over the aggregate fair value. The loss is allocated to each
asset within the group based on their relative carrying values,
with no asset reduced below its fair value. We recorded an
impairment charge of $57million, $351million and
$04million related to certain long-lived assets in the
three month periods ended September30, 2008,
March31, 2009 and June30, 2009, respectively, which
we discuss in further detail under the Impairment Charges
caption. We have not tested long-lived assets other than
goodwill since the end of the second quarter of fiscal 2009,
since no events have occurred that would require an impairment
assessment.   Accounts
Receivable   We record trade accounts receivable at the invoiced amount.
Trade accounts receivables do not bear interest. The allowance
for doubtful accounts is our best estimate of the amount of
probable credit losses in our existing accounts receivable. We
determine the allowance based on historical write-off
experience. We review our allowance for doubtful accounts
quarterly. Past due balances are reviewed individually for
collectibility. Account balances are charged off against the
allowance when we feel it is probable the receivable will not be
recovered. We do not have any off-balance-sheet credit exposure
related to our customers.   
20 Table of Contents   Warranty   We provide for the estimated cost of product warranties at the
time revenue is recognized. While we engage in extensive product
quality programs and processes, including actively monitoring
and evaluating the quality of our component suppliers, our
warranty obligation is estimated by assessing product failure
rates, material usage and service delivery costs incurred in
correcting a product failure. Should actual product failure
rates, material usage or service delivery costs differ from our
estimates, revisions to the estimated warranty liability would
be required and may result in additional benefits or charges to
operations.   Inventory   We provide reserves for estimated obsolescence or unmarketable
inventory equal to the difference between the cost of inventory
and the estimated market value based upon assumptions about
future demand and market conditions. We fully reserve for
inventories and noncancelable purchase orders for inventory
deemed obsolete. We perform periodic reviews of all inventory
items to identify excess inventories on hand by comparing
on-hand balances to anticipated usage using recent historical
activity as well as anticipated or forecasted demand, based upon
sales and marketing inputs through our planning systems. If
estimates of demand diminish further or actual market conditions
are less favorable than those projected by management,
additional inventory write-downs may be required.   Deferred
Taxes   We record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax
assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be
realized. We have considered future taxable income and ongoing
tax planning strategies in assessing the need for the valuation
allowance. In the event we determine that we would be able to
realize our deferred tax assets in excess of their net recorded
amount, an adjustment to the deferred tax asset would increase
income in the period such determination was made. Likewise,
should we subsequently determine that we would not be able to
realize all or part of our net deferred tax assets in the
future, an adjustment to the deferred tax assets would be
charged to income in the period such determination was made.   Management has considered the weight of all available evidence
in determining whether a valuation allowance remains to be
required against its deferred tax assets at September30,
2010. Given the losses incurred prior to fiscal year 2010, the
cyclical nature of the semiconductor equipment market as well as
the uncertainties currently impacting the global economy, we
have determined that it is more likely than not that the net
deferred tax assets will not be realized. The amount of the
deferred tax asset considered realizable is subject to change
based on future events, including the generation of taxable
income in future periods. We continue to assess the need for the
valuation allowance at each balance sheet date based on all
available evidence.   Stock-Based
Compensation   We measure compensation cost for all employee stock awards at
fair value on date of grant and recognize compensation expense
over the service period for awards expected to vest. The fair
value of restricted stock is determined based on the number of
shares granted and the excess of the quoted price of our common
stock over the exercise price of the restricted stock on the
date of grant, if any, and the fair value of stock options is
determined using the Black-Scholes valuation model. Such value
is recognized as expense over the service period, net of
estimated forfeitures. The estimation of stock awards that will
ultimately vest requires significant judgment. We consider many
factors when estimating expected forfeitures, including types of
awards, employee class, and historical experience. In addition,
for stock-based awards where vesting is dependent upon achieving
certain operating performance goals, we estimate the likelihood
of achieving the performance goals. Actual results, and future
changes in estimates, may differ from our current estimates.
Restricted stock with market-based vesting criteria is valued
using a lattice model.   
21 Table of Contents   Year
Ended September30, 2010, Compared to Year Ended
September30, 2009   Revenues   We reported revenues of $5930million for fiscal year
2010, compared to $2187million in the previous year, a
171% increase. The total increase in revenues of
$3743million arose in all of our operating segments. Our
Critical Solutions Group segment revenues increased by
$1468million, our System Solutions Group segment revenues
increased by $2167million and our Global Customer
Operations segment revenues increased by $108million.
These increases were primarily the result of increased volume
shipments in response to increasing demand for semiconductor
capital equipment. Recent order rates from semiconductor
companies have moderated and we anticipate that revenues in the
near term will be relatively flat from the levels experienced
for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2010.   Our Critical Solutions Group segment reported revenues of
$2422million for fiscal year 2010, an increase of 154%
from $954million in the prior year. These increases are
primarily attributable to higher volumes of shipments to
semiconductor capital equipment customers, which increased
$1153 for fiscal year 2010 as compared to the prior year, and
an increase of $315million from non-semiconductor
customers for fiscal year 2010 as compared to the prior year.   Our System Solutions Group segment reported revenues of
$2866million for fiscal year 2010, a 310% increase from
$699million in the prior year. These increases are
attributable to increased demand for semiconductor capital
equipment. Included within this segment is our Extended Factory
product offering. Revenue from our Extended Factory product was
the largest contributor to increased revenues in this segment.   Our Global Customer Operations segment reported revenues of
$642million for fiscal year 2010, a 20% increase from
$534million in the prior year. This increase is primarily
related to higher service contract and repair revenues. All
service revenues included in our consolidated statements of
operations, which include service contract and repair services,
are related to our Global Customer Operations segment.   Revenues outside the United States were $2715million, or
46% of total revenues, and $1030million, or 47% of total
revenues, for fiscal years 2010 and 2009, respectively. We
expect that foreign revenues will continue to account for a
significant portion of total revenues.   Gross
Margin   Gross margin dollars increased to $1663million for fiscal
year 2010 as compared to a loss of $60million in the
prior year. This increase was attributable to higher revenues of
$3743million, an asset impairment charge primarily
related to intangible assets of $209million which reduced
the prior year gross profit, a $142million reduction in
charges for excess and obsolete inventory and $37million
of reduced amortization expense for completed technology
intangible assets. The decrease in amortization expense is
primarily the result of the impairment of these assets recorded
in the second quarter of fiscal year 2009.   Gross margin percentage increased to 280% for fiscal year 2010,
compared to 27% for the prior year. This increase is
primarily attributable to higher absorption of indirect factory
overhead on higher revenues. Other factors that increased gross
margin percentage include decreased charges for excess and
obsolete inventory which increased gross margin percentage by
60% for fiscal year 2010 as compared to the prior year and
reduced amortization expense for completed technology intangible
assets which increased gross margin percentage by 06% for
fiscal year 2010 as compared to the prior year. Further, the
prior year gross margin percentage was adversely impacted by
asset impairment charges which reduced gross margin percentage
by 96% in fiscal year 2009. The increases in the current year
gross margin percentage were partially offset by a less
favorable product mix from the rapid growth of our Extended
Factory product offering which reduced gross margin percentage
by 75% for fiscal year 2010 as compared to 2009.   Gross margin of our Critical Solutions Group segment increased
to $943million for fiscal year 2010 as compared to
$145million for the prior year. This increase was
attributable to higher revenues of $1468million for
fiscal year 2010 as compared to the prior year, reduced charges
for excess and obsolete inventory of $40million for
fiscal year 2010 as compared to the prior year and reduced
amortization expense for completed technology   
22 Table of Contents   intangible assets of $13million for fiscal year 2010 as
compared to the prior year. Gross margin percentage for this
segment was 389% for fiscal year 2010 as compared to 152% in
the prior year. This increase is primarily the result of higher
absorption of indirect factory overhead on higher revenues.
Other factors increasing gross margin percentage include
decreased charges for excess and obsolete inventory which
increased gross margin percentage by 36% for fiscal year 2010
as compared to the prior year and reduced amortization expense
for completed technology intangible assets which increased gross
margin percentage by 05% for fiscal year 2010 as compared to
the prior year.   Gross margin of our Systems Solutions Group segment increased to
$580million for fiscal year 2010 as compared to a loss of
$32million for the prior year. This increase was
attributable to higher revenues of $2167million for
fiscal year 2010 as compared to the prior year, decreased
charges for excess and obsolete inventory of $85million
for fiscal year 2010 as compared to the prior year and
$02million of reduced amortization expense for completed
technology intangible assets for fiscal year 2010 as compared to
the prior year. Gross margin percentage for this segment
increased to 202% for fiscal year 2010 as compared to 45 %
in the prior year. This increase was primarily attributable to
higher absorption of indirect factory overhead on higher
revenues. In addition, decreased charges for excess and obsolete
inventory led to an increase in gross margin percentage of 108%
for fiscal year 2010 as compared to the prior year. These
increases in gross margin percentage were partially offset by a
less favorable product mix which reduced gross margin percentage
by 154% for fiscal year 2010 as compared to the prior year. The
less favorable product mix is attributable to increases in
Extended Factory product sales which have lower gross margins as
compared to other products within this segment.   Gross margin of our Global Customer Operations segment increased
to $140million for fiscal year 2010 as compared to
$36million in the prior year. The increase was
attributable to higher revenues of $108million for fiscal
year 2010 as compared to the prior year, $22million of
reduced amortization expense for completed technology intangible
assets for fiscal year 2010 as compared to the prior year and
decreased charges for excess and obsolete inventory of
$17million for fiscal year 2010 as compared to the prior
year. Gross margin percentage was 218% for fiscal year 2010 as
compared to 68% in the prior year. The increase in gross margin
percentage was attributable to higher absorption of indirect
service overhead on higher revenues. In addition, decreased
charges for excess and obsolete inventory led to an increase in
gross margin percentage of 34% for fiscal year 2010 as compared
to the prior year and decreased amortization expense for
completed technology intangible assets let to an increase in
gross margin percentage of 34% for fiscal year 2010 as compared
to the prior year.   Gross margin for fiscal year 2009 was reduced by
$209million for the impairment of certain long-lived
assets, including a $196million charge for completed
technology intangible assets and $13million charge for
property and equipment. We did not incur any impairment charges
for long-lived assets in fiscal year 2010. The details of our
impairment charges are discussed in greater detail under the
Impairment Charges caption.   Research
and Development   Research and development, or RD, expenses for fiscal year
2010 were $312million, a decrease of $04million,
compared to $316million in the previous year. This
decrease is primarily related to lower labor related costs
associated with headcount reductions initiated in fiscal years
2009 and 2008. Our RD investments increased for each
fiscal quarter throughout fiscal year 2010, including
$80million of RD expenses for the fourth quarter of
fiscal year 2010, as we increased our investments in certain new
product programs. We expect to increase the pace of spending for
RD in the near term as we support enhancements to our
current product offerings and our strategy to grow longer-term
revenues outside of the semiconductor market.   Selling,
General and Administrative   Selling, general and administrative, or SGA, expenses were
$856million for fiscal year 2010, a decrease of
$56million compared to $912million in the prior
year. The decrease is primarily attributable to lower litigation
costs of $62million. We settled our litigation matters
with the SEC during fiscal 2008; however, we continued to incur
substantial litigation costs, net of insurance reimbursements,
throughout fiscal year 2009 as we indemnified costs incurred by
a former executive. We did not incur substantial litigation
costs in fiscal year 2010. Other cost decreases in SGA
include $27million of reduced amortization of intangible
assets primarily due to the   
23 Table of Contents   impairment of those assets recorded in the second quarter of
fiscal year 2009. These costs decreases were partially offset by
$15million of increased depreciation expense for the
implementation of the Oracle ERP system during the latter half
of fiscal year 2009, with the balance related primarily to
higher labor costs. During fiscal year 2009, we capitalized
approximately $15million of internal labor costs in
connection with the Oracle ERP system implementation. After the
implementation was complete, the labor costs for the employees
previously assigned to the Oracle implementation was expensed as
incurred. This decrease in capitalized labor is the primary
cause of the increased labor costs in fiscal year 2010 as
compared to fiscal year 2009.   Impairment
Charges   We are required to test our goodwill for impairment at least
annually. We conduct this test as of September30thof
each fiscal year. Our test of goodwill at September30,
2010 and 2009 indicated that goodwill was not impaired. We have
not tested other intangible assets since the end of the second
quarter of fiscal 2009, since no events have occurred that would
require an impairment assessment. We recorded a goodwill
impairment charge of $718million and an impairment charge
for other long-lived assets of $351million in the second
quarter of fiscal year 2009. Further, we recorded an additional
impairment charge for other long-lived assets of
$04million in the third quarter of fiscal year 2009. The
impairment of other long-lived assets included
$209million of charges reported as cost of sales, with
the remaining $146million reported as operating expense.
The details of the goodwill and other long-lived asset
impairment charges are discussed further under the Impairment
Charges caption in our comparison of fiscal year 2009 and 2008
results.   Restructuring
Charges   We recorded a restructuring charge of $25million for
fiscal year 2010. These charges include severance related costs
of $09million, and facility related costs of
$16million. The severance costs primarily include
adjustments for contingent severance arrangements for corporate
management positions eliminated in prior periods. The facility
costs include $04million to amortize the deferred
discount on multi-year facility restructuring liabilities. In
addition, we revised the present value discounting of multi-year
facility related restructuring liabilities during the first
quarter of fiscal year 2010 when certain accounting errors were
identified in our prior period financial statements that,
individually and in aggregate, are not material to our financial
statements taken as a whole for any related prior periods, and
recorded a charge of $12million in the first quarter of
fiscal year 2010. These facility charges are primarily related
to a facility exited in fiscal year 2002, for which the lease
ends in July 2011.   We recorded charges of $128million for fiscal year 2009
in connection with our fiscal year 2009 restructuring plan.
These charges consisted of $111million of severance costs
associated with workforce reductions of approximately
450employees in operations, service and administrative
functions across all the main geographies in which we operate,
facility closure costs of $06million related primarily to
the closure of one manufacturing operation located in the United
States, and other restructuring costs of $11million. The
restructuring charges by segment for fiscal 2009 were: Critical
Solutions Group $34million, Systems Solutions
Group $41million and Global Customer
Operations $31million. In addition, we
incurred $22million of restructuring charges for fiscal
2009 that were related to general corporate functions that
support all of our segments.   Interest
Income and Expense   Interest income was $11million for fiscal year 2010 as
compared to $27million for the prior year. The decrease
is mostly due to lower interest rates on our investments.
Interest expense decreased to $01million for fiscal year
2010 from $05million for fiscal year 2009.   Gain
on sale of Intellectual Property Rights   During fiscal year 2010, we sold certain patents and patents
pending related to a legacy product line. We recorded a gain of
$78million for this sale during the second quarter of
2010. The terms of the sale permit us to continue to use these
patents to support our ongoing service and spare parts business
included within our Global Customer Operations segment.   
24 Table of Contents   Loss
on Investment   During fiscal year 2010, we recorded a charge of
$02million for the sale of our minority equity investment
in a closely-held Swiss public company. During fiscal year 2009,
we recorded a charge of $12million to write down this
investment to its market value. We no longer have an equity
investment in this entity.   Other
Income   Other income, net of $04million for fiscal year 2010
consists of joint venture management fee income of
$07million which has been partially offset by foreign
exchange losses of $03million. Other income, net of
$00million for fiscal year 2009 consists of management
fee income of $06million which has been fully offset by
foreign exchange losses.   Income
Tax Provision   We recorded an income tax benefit of $27million for
fiscal year 2010. This benefit includes a $39million
refund from the carryback of alternative minimum tax losses as a
result of the Worker, Home Ownership and Business Assistance Act
of 2009 which provides for 100% previously 90% of certain net
operating loss carrybacks against alternative minimum taxable
income. In addition, we can carryforward our remaining fiscal
year 2009 alternative minimum tax net operating loss to future
years to offset 100% previously 90% of alternative minimum
taxes. The tax benefit for fiscal year 2010 was partially offset
by U.S.state income taxes and foreign taxes. We recorded a
tax provision of $06million for fiscal year 2009 which
was principally attributable to foreign income and interest
related to unrecognized tax benefits. We continued to provide a
full valuation allowance for our net deferred tax assets at
September30, 2010 and 2009, as we believe it is more
likely than not that the future tax benefits from accumulated
net operating losses and deferred taxes will not be realized.   We adopted the guidance related to uncertain tax positions on
October1, 2007. The implementation of this guidance did
not materially affect our financial position or results of
operations. Of the unrecognized tax benefits of
$150million at September30, 2010, we currently
anticipate that no amounts will be settled in the next twelve
months. However, the statute of limitations is expected to lapse
on various uncertain tax positions in the next twelve months,
resulting in a decrease of $10million to our unrecognized
tax benefits.   Equity
in Earnings of Joint Ventures   Income associated with our 50% interest in ULVAC Cryogenics,
Inc., a joint venture with ULVAC Corporation of Japan, was
$01million for fiscal year 2010 and 2009. The income
loss associated with our 50% interest in Yaskawa Brooks
Automation, Inc., a joint venture with Yaskawa Electric
Corporation of Japan was $01million for fiscal year 2010
as compared to $03million in the prior year.   Year
Ended September30, 2009, Compared to Year Ended
September30, 2008   Revenues   We reported revenues of $2187million for fiscal year
2009, compared to $5264million in the previous year, a
58% decrease. The total decrease in revenues of
$3077million impacted all of our operating segments. Our
Critical Solutions Group segment revenues decreased by
$1572million, our System Solutions Group segment revenues
decreased by $1272million and our Global Customer
Operations segment revenues decreased by $233million.
These decreases were the result of lower volume shipments in
response to declining demand for capital equipment in all the
markets we serve. Starting in the third quarter of fiscal 2009,
we began to experience an increase in demand for our products
from our semiconductor capital equipment customers.   Our Critical Solutions Group segment reported revenues of
$954million for fiscal year 2009, a decrease of 62% from
$2526million in the prior year. This decrease is
attributable to lower volume of shipments for all end markets
served by this segment, including a decrease of
$1125million in revenues to the semiconductor end market,
a decrease of $199million in revenues to the industrial
end market and a $247million decrease in revenues to all
other end markets served by this segment.   
25 Table of Contents   Our System Solutions Group segment reported revenues of
$699million for fiscal year 2009, a 65% decrease from
$1971million in the prior year. This decrease is
attributable to weaker demand for semiconductor capital
equipment.   Our Global Customer Operations segment reported revenues of
$534million for fiscal year 2009, a 30% decrease from
$766million in the prior year. This decrease is
attributable to lower legacy spare parts revenue of
$44million and lower service contract and repair revenues
of $188million. All service revenues, which include
service contract and repair services, are related to our Global
Customer Operations segment.   Revenues outside the United States were $1030million, or
47% of total revenues, and $1895million, or 36% of total
revenues, for fiscal years 2009 and 2008, respectively.   Gross
Margin   Gross margin dollars decreased to a loss of $60million
for fiscal year 2009 from $1268million for the prior
year. This decrease was attributable to lower revenues of
$3077million, an impairment of long-lived assets of
$209million and increased charges for excess and obsolete
inventory of $82million. These decreases were partially
offset by $37million of reduced amortization expense for
completed technology intangible assets, due primarily to the
impairment recorded for those assets during the second quarter
of fiscal 2009. Gross margin was reduced by $56million
and $93million for fiscal years 2009 and 2008,
respectively, for amortization of completed technology, which
relates primarily to the acquisition of Helix Technology
Corporation in October 2005. Gross margin percentage decreased
to 27% for fiscal year 2009, compared to 241% for the prior
year. This decrease was attributable to the impairment of
long-lived assets which reduced gross margin percentage by 96   increased charges for excess and obsolete inventory which
decreased gross margin percentage by 50%, with the balance of
the decrease related primarily to the lower absorption of
indirect factory overhead on lower revenues.   Gross margin of our Critical Solutions Group segment decreased
to $145million for fiscal year 2009 as compared to
$854million in the prior year. This decrease was
attributable to lower revenues of $1572million, which was
partially offset by $13million of reduced amortization
expense for completed technology intangible assets, due
primarily to the impairment recorded for those assets during the
second quarter of fiscal 2009. Gross margin for fiscal 2009 and
2008 was reduced by $27million and $39million,
respectively, for completed technology amortization related to
the Helix acquisition. Gross margin percentage was 152% for
fiscal year 2009 as compared to 338% in the prior year. This
decrease is primarily the result of lower absorption of indirect
factory overhead on lower revenues.   Gross margin of our Systems Solutions Group segment decreased to
a loss of $32million for fiscal year 2009 as compared to
$326million for the prior year. This decrease was
attributable to lower revenues of $1272million and
increased charges for excess and obsolete inventory of
$58million. These decreases were partially offset by
$03million of reduced amortization expense for completed
technology intangible assets, due primarily to the impairment
recorded for those assets during the second quarter of fiscal
year 2009. Gross margin for fiscal 2009 and 2008 was reduced by
$03million and $06million, respectively, for
completed technology amortization related to the Synetics
acquisition. Gross margin percentage decreased to 45% for
fiscal year 2009 as compared to 165% in the prior year. This
decrease was attributable to increased charges for excess and
obsolete inventory which decreased gross margin percentage by
96%, with the balance of the decrease related primarily to
lower absorption of indirect factory overhead on lower revenues.   Gross margin of our Global Customer Operations segment decreased
to $36million for fiscal year 2009 as compared to
$89million in the prior year. The decrease was
attributable to lower revenues of $232million and
increased charges for excess and obsolete inventory of
$19million. These decreases were partially offset by
$22million of reduced amortization expense for completed
technology intangible assets, due primarily to the impairment
recorded for those assets during the second quarter of 2009.
Gross margin for fiscal 2009 and fiscal 2008 was reduced by
$26million and $48million, respectively, for
completed technology amortization related to the Helix
acquisition. Gross margin percentage was 68% for fiscal 2009 as
compared to 116% in the prior year. The decrease in gross
margin percentage was attributable to increased charges for
excess and obsolete inventory which decreased gross margin
percentage by 37%, with the balance of the decrease related
primarily to an under utilization of our service infrastructure.   
26 Table of Contents   Gross margin for fiscal year 2009 was reduced by
$209million for the impairment of certain long-lived
assets, including a $196million charge for completed
technology intangible assets and $13million charge for
property and equipment. The details of our impairment charges
are discussed in greater detail under the Impairment Charges
caption.   Research
and Development   Research and development, or RD, expenses for fiscal year
2009 were $316million, a decrease of $113million,
compared to $429million in the previous year. This
decrease is primarily related to lower labor related costs of
$83million associated with headcount reductions. Our
headcount reductions were implemented to remove redundancies in
our RD infrastructure.   Selling,
General and Administrative   Selling, general and administrative, or SGA expenses were
$912million for fiscal year 2009, a decrease of
$193million compared to $1105million in the prior
year. The decrease is primarily attributable to lower labor
costs of $150million as we reduced our headcount to align
our SGA resources with our new management structure, a
$24million reduction in amortization of intangible assets
primarily due to the impairment of intangible assets recorded in
our second quarter of fiscal year 2009 and a $20million
reduction in legal, auditing and consulting fees. These
decreases were partially offset by a $23million increase
in litigation costs, net of insurance reimbursements, incurred
by us to indemnify a former executive.   Impairment
Charges   We test our goodwill for impairment as of each fiscal year end.
Our goodwill test as of September30, 2008 indicated that
our goodwill was potentially impaired, and after completing our
analysis, we recorded an impairment charge to goodwill of
$1979million. In addition to the goodwill impairment
charge, we recognized a long-lived asset impairment charge of
$57million. The impairment charges were the result of our
expectation that our future cash flows would be adversely
impacted as a result of the global economic slowdown. In
response to this downturn, we restructured our business, which
resulted in a change to our reporting units and operating
segments. We reallocated goodwill to each of our newly formed
reporting units as of March31, 2009, based on such factors
as the relative fair values of each reporting unit. We
reallocated goodwill to five of our seven reporting units as of
March31, 2009. This reallocation, in conjunction with the
continued downturn in the semiconductor markets indicated that a
potential impairment may exist. As such, we tested our goodwill
and other long-lived assets for impairment at March31,
2009.   We determined the fair value of each reporting unit as of
March31, 2009 using the Income Approach, specifically the
DCF Method. The methodologies used to determine the fair value
of the net assets of each reporting unit as of March31,
2009 did not change from those used as of September30,
2008, or those used as of September30, 2007. The material
assumptions used in the DCF Method include: discount rates and
revenue forecasts. Discount rates are based on a weighted
average cost of capital WACC, which represents the
average rate a business must pay its providers of debt and
equity capital. The WACC used to test goodwill is derived from a
group of comparable companies. The average WACC used in the
March31, 2009 reallocation of goodwill was 162%, as
compared to 128% for the goodwill test as of September30,
2008. This increase was primarily the result of significantly
increased costs of equity capital driven by increased volatility
in equity markets. Management determines revenue forecasts based
on its best estimate of near term revenue expectations which are
corroborated by communications with customers, and longer-term
projection trends, which are validated by published independent
industry analyst reports. Revenue forecasts materially impact
the amount of cash flow generated during the five year discrete
cash flow period, and also impact the terminal value as that
value is derived from projected revenue. The revenue forecasts
used in the reallocation and assessment of goodwill as of
March31, 2009 were decreased from the levels forecasted
for the goodwill impairment test as of September30, 2008
due to further market deterioration.   For three of the five reporting units containing goodwill at
March31, 2009, we determined that the carrying amount of
their net assets exceeded their respective fair values,
indicating that a potential impairment existed for   
27 Table of Contents   each of those three reporting units. After completing the
required steps of the goodwill impairment test, we recorded a
goodwill impairment of $718million as of March31,
2009.   Under GAAP, we are required to test certain long-lived assets
when indicators of impairment are present. We determined that
impairment indicators were present for certain of our long-lived
assets as of March31, 2009. We tested the long-lived
assets in question for recoverability by comparing the sum of
the undiscounted cash flows attributable to each respective
asset group to their carrying amounts, and determined that the
carrying amounts were not recoverable. We then evaluated the
fair values of each long-lived asset of the potentially impaired
long-lived asset group to determine the amount of the
impairment, if any. The fair value of each intangible asset was
based primarily on an income approach, which is a present value
technique used to measure the fair value of future cash flows
produced by the asset. We estimated future cash flows over the
remaining useful life of each intangible asset, which ranged
from approximately 3 to 8years, and used a discount rate
of approximately 16%. As a result of this analysis, we
determined that we had incurred an impairment loss of
$351million as of March31, 2009, and we allocated
that loss among the long-lived assets of the impaired asset
group based on the carrying value of each asset, with no asset
reduced below its respective fair value. The impairment charge
was allocated as follows: $196million related to
completed technology intangible assets; $12million to
trade name intangible assets; $134million to customer
relationship intangible assets and $09million to
property, plant and equipment. Further, during the three months
ended June30, 2009 we recorded an additional impairment
charge of $04million for property, plant and equipment
related to the closure and outsourcing of a small manufacturing
operation located in the United States. The total impairment
charges related to long-lived assets for fiscal 2009 are
summarized as follows in thousands   	
Year Ended
September30, 2009   Reported as cost of sales   Completed technology intangible asset impairment     19,608   Property, plant and equipment impairment   1,316   Subtotal, reported as cost of sales   20,924   Reported as operating expense   Trade name intangible asset impairment   1,145   Customer relationship intangible asset impairment   13,443   Subtotal, reported as operating expense   14,588     35,512   Restructuring
Charges   We recorded charges of $128million for fiscal year 2009
in connection with our fiscal year 2009 restructuring plan.
These charges consisted of $111million of severance costs
associated with workforce reductions of approximately
450employees in operations, service and administrative
functions across all the main geographies in which we operate,
facility closure costs of $06million related primarily to
the closure of one manufacturing operation located in the United
States, and other restructuring costs of $11million. The
restructuring charges by segment for fiscal 2009 were: Critical
Solutions Group $34million, Systems Solutions
Group $41million and Global Customer
Operations $31million. In addition, we
incurred $22million of restructuring charges for fiscal
2009 that were related to general corporate functions that
support all of our segments.   We recorded a charge to continuing operations of
$73million for fiscal year 2008. This charge consists of
$68million of severance costs associated with workforce
reductions of 230employees in operations, service and
administrative functions across all the main geographies in
which we operate. We also incurred $05million of costs to
vacate excess facilities. Our restructuring charges by segment
for fiscal year 2008 were: Global Customer
Operations $27million, Critical Solutions
Group $09million and Systems Solutions
Group $12million. In addition, we incurred
$25million of restructuring charges in fiscal year 2008
that were related to general corporate functions that support
all of our segments.   
28 Table of Contents   Interest
Income and Expense   Interest income was $27million for fiscal year 2009 as
compared to $74million for the prior year. Approximately
$25million of this decrease is due to lower investment
balances, with the balance of the decrease attributable to lower
interest rates on our investments. Interest expense remained
essentially flat at $05million for fiscal year 2009 as
compared to $04million for the prior year.   Loss
on Investment   During fiscal year 2009, we recorded a charge of
$12million to write down our minority equity investment
in a closely-held Swiss public company. During fiscal year 2008,
we recorded charges of $39million to write down our
minority equity investment in this closely-held Swiss public
company.   Other
Income Expense   Other income, net of $00million for fiscal year 2009
consists of joint venture management fee income of
$06million which has been mostly offset by foreign
exchange losses. Other expense, net of $17million for
fiscal year 2008 consists of foreign exchange losses of
$35million, which was partially offset by management fees
of $09million, the receipt of $08million of
principal repayments on notes that had been previously written
off and other income of $01million.   Income
Tax Provision   We recorded an income tax provision of $06million for
fiscal year 2009 and an income tax provision of
$12million for the prior year. The tax provision recorded
for both periods is principally attributable to foreign income
and interest related to unrecognized tax benefits.   Equity
in Earnings of Joint Ventures   Income associated with our 50% interest in ULVAC Cryogenics,
Inc., a joint venture with ULVAC Corporation of Japan, was
$01million for fiscal year 2009, compared to
$02million in the prior year. The income loss
associated with our 50% interest in Yaskawa Brooks Automation,
Inc., a joint venture with Yaskawa Electric Corporation of Japan
was $03million for fiscal year 2009 as compared to
$05million in the prior year.   Liquidity
and Capital Resources   Our business is significantly dependent on capital expenditures
by semiconductor manufacturers and OEMs that are, in turn,
dependent on the current and anticipated market demand for
semiconductors. Demand for semiconductors is cyclical and has
historically experienced periodic downturns. This cyclicality
makes estimates of future revenues, results of operations and
net cash flows inherently uncertain.   At September30, 2010, we had cash, cash equivalents and
marketable securities aggregating $1424million. This
amount was comprised of $598million of cash and cash
equivalents, $490million of investments in short-term
marketable securities and $336million of investments in
long-term marketable securities. Our marketable securities are
generally readily convertible to cash without an adverse impact.   Cash and cash equivalents were $598million at
September30, 2010, a decrease of $02million from
September30, 2009. This decrease was primarily due to
$329million of net purchases of marketable securities,
capital expenditures of $35million and purchases of
intangible assets of $09million. These decreases were
partially offset by $279million of cash provided by
operating activities, proceeds from the sale of intellectual
property of $78million, proceeds from the sale of common
stock through our employee stock purchase plan of
$12million and other cash items of $02million.   Cash provided by operating activities was $279million for
fiscal year 2010, and was comprised of net income of
$590million, which includes $181million of net
non-cash related charges such as $184million of
depreciation and amortization, $66million of stock-based
compensation and $09million of amortization of premiums
paid on marketable security purchases which were partially
offset by $78million from our gain on sale of
intellectual   
29 Table of Contents   property rights. Further, cash provided by operations was
reduced by net increases in working capital of
$492million, consisting primarily of $532million
of increases in accounts receivable, $313million of
increases in inventory and $41million of payments related
to our restructuring programs implemented in prior years. The
increases in accounts receivable and inventory were caused by a
171% increase in revenues for fiscal year 2010 as compared to
the prior year. These increases in working capital were
partially offset by $394million of increases in accounts
payable, $25million of increases in accrued warranty and
retrofit costs and $15million of higher deferred
revenues. The increases in these liabilities are the result of
increased business activities.   Cash used in investing activities was $292million for
fiscal year 2010 and was attributable to net purchases of
marketable securities of $329million, capital
expenditures of $35million and intangible assets of
$09million. These uses of cash were partially offset by
$78million of proceeds from the sale of intellectual
property rights and $02million of proceeds from the sale
of a minority interest in a closely-held Swiss public company.   Cash provided by financing activities for fiscal year 2010 was
$12million, and is comprised entirely of proceeds from
the sale of common stock to employees through our employee stock
purchase plan.   At September30, 2009, we had cash, cash equivalents and
marketable securities aggregating $1105million. This
amount was comprised of $600million of cash and cash
equivalents, $280million of investments in short-term
marketable securities and $225million of investments in
long-term marketable securities.   Cash and cash equivalents were $600million at
September30, 2009, a decrease of $503million from
September30, 2008. This decrease was primarily due to
$565million of cash used in operating activities and
capital expenditures of $113million. These decreases were
partially offset by $165million of net maturities of
marketable securities.   Cash used in operations was $565million for fiscal year
2009, and was primarily attributable to our net loss of
$2279million, which included non-cash impairment charges
of $1073million, depreciation and amortization of
$259million, stock-based compensation of
$58million, and other non-cash items of
$16million. Cash used in operations was partially offset
by $308million of changes in working capital which were
attributable to our lower revenues, which led to a
$300million reduction in accounts receivable and a
$218million reduction in inventory. These reductions in
working capital were partially offset by lower current
liabilities of $255million.   Cash provided by investing activities was $63million for
fiscal year 2009 and was attributable to net maturities of
marketable securities of $165million and
$11million in proceeds from the sale of property, plant
and equipment, primarily related to the sale of a vacated
manufacturing facility. These sources of cash were partially
offset by $113million of capital expenditures, including
$74million in expenditures related to our Oracle ERP
implementation. We implemented the Oracle ERP system in most of
our U.S.operations in July 2009. We will incur additional
costs to implement this system in our international locations,
however, we do not expect this cost to significantly impact our
financial position or cash flow.   At September30, 2010, we had approximately
$03million of letters of credit outstanding.   Our contractual obligations consist of the following at
September30, 2010 in thousands   	
Less than
One to
Four to
Total   One Year   Three Years   Five Years   Thereafter   Contractual obligations   Operating leases continuing     22,913     6,181     13,645     3,087        Operating leases exited facilities   4,709   1   4,702   7        Pension funding   5,924   458   1,960   2,003   1,503   Purchase commitments and other   91,601   88,945   2,656        Total contractual obligations     125,147     100,286     18,268     5,090     1,503   
1 
Amounts do not reflect approximately $14million of
contractual sublease income.   We adopted the guidance related to uncertain tax positions on
October1, 2007. As of September30, 2010, the total
amount of net unrecognized tax benefits for uncertain tax
positions and the accrual for the related interest was   
30 Table of Contents   $150million, of which $125million represents a
future cash outlay. We are unable to make a reasonably reliable
estimate of the timing of the cash settlement for this liability
since the timing of future tax examinations by various tax
jurisdictions and the related resolution is uncertain.   In connection with our acquisition of Helix Technology
Corporation in October 2005, we assumed the responsibility for
the Helix Employees Pension Plan the Plan.
We froze the benefit accruals and future participation in the
Plan as of October31, 2006. We currently have a liability
of $59million recorded on our consolidated balance sheet
at September30, 2010 related to this Plan. The timing of
payments we make for this Plan is impacted by a number of
estimates including earnings on Plan assets and the timing of
future distributions. Actual results may differ from these
estimates, which may materially impact the timing of future
payments. During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2010, we made
a voluntary contribution of $36million to this plan,
which was in addition to the $06million of required
minimum contributions made throughout fiscal year 2010.   In addition, we are a guarantor on a lease in Mexico that
expires in January 2013. The remaining payments under this lease
at September30, 2010 are approximately $09million.   On June21, 2010, we filed a registration statement on
FormS-3
with the SEC to sell up to $200million of securities,
before any fees or expenses of the offering. Securities that may
be sold include common stock, preferred stock, warrants or debt
securities. Any such offering, if it does occur, may happen in
one or more transactions. Specific terms of any securities to be
sold will be described in supplemental filings with the SEC.   We believe that we have adequate resources to fund our currently
planned working capital and capital expenditure requirements for
the next twelve months. The cyclical nature of our served
markets and uncertainty with the current global economic
environment makes it difficult for us to predict longer-term
liquidity requirements with certainty. We may be unable to
obtain any required additional financing on terms favorable to
us, if at all. If adequate funds are not available on acceptable
terms, we may be unable to successfully develop or enhance
products, respond to competitive pressure or take advantage of
acquisition opportunities, any of which could have a material
adverse effect on our business.   Other Key
Indicators of Financial Condition and Operating
Performance   EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA presented below are supplemental
measures of our performance that are not required by, or
presented in accordance with GAAP. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA
are not measurements of our financial performance under GAAP and
should not be considered as alternatives to net income loss or
any other performance measures derived in accordance with GAAP.   EBITDA represents net income loss before interest income,
income tax provision benefit, depreciation and amortization.
Adjusted EBITDA is defined as EBITDA further adjusted to give
effect to certain non-recurring and non-cash items and other
adjustments. We believe that the inclusion of EBITDA and
Adjusted EBITDA in this
Form10-K
is appropriate because we consider it an important supplemental
measure of our performance and believe it is frequently used by
securities analysts, investors and other interested parties. We
use Adjusted EBITDA internally as a critical measurement of
operating effectiveness. We believe EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA
facilitates operating performance comparison from period to
period and company to company by backing out potential
differences caused by variations in capital structures, tax
positions such as the impact on periods or companies of changes
in effective tax rates or net operating losses and the age and
book depreciation of facilities and equipment affecting
relative depreciation expense.   In determining Adjusted EBITDA, we eliminate the impact of a
number of items. For the reasons indicated herein, you are
encouraged to evaluate each adjustment and whether you consider
it appropriate. In addition, in evaluating Adjusted EBITDA, you
should be aware that in the future we may incur expenses similar
to the adjustments in the presentation of Adjusted EBITDA. Our
presentation of Adjusted EBITDA should not be construed as an
inference that our future results will be unaffected by unusual
or non-recurring items.   EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA have limitations as analytical tools,
and you should not consider them in isolation, or as a
substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP.
Some of these limitations are   
they do not reflect our cash expenditures for capital
expenditure or contractual commitments   
31 Table of Contents   
they do not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our
working capital requirements   
other companies, including other companies in our industry, may
calculate these measures differently than we do, limiting their
usefulness as a comparative measure.   Because of these limitations, EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA should
not be considered as measures of discretionary cash available to
us to invest in the growth of our business. For these purposes,
we rely on our GAAP results. For more information, see our
consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing
elsewhere in this report.   The following table sets forth a reconciliation of net income
loss to EBITDA for the years indicated in thousands   	
Year Ended September30   2010   2009   2008   Net income loss attributable to Brooks Automation, Inc.     58,982     227,858        235,946     Interest income, net   1,041     2,265     6,996     Benefit from provision for income taxes   2,746     643   1,233   Depreciation and amortization   18,420   25,856   34,538   EBITDA     73,615     203,624        207,171     The following table sets forth a reconciliation of EBITDA to
Adjusted EBITDA for the years indicated in thousands   	
Year Ended September30   2010   2009   2008   EBITDA     73,615     203,624        207,171     Stock-based compensation   6,567   5,817   6,909   Impairment of long-lived assets     35,512   5,687   Impairment of goodwill     71,800   197,883   Restructuring charges   2,529   12,806   7,287   Restructuring related inventory charges     3,612     Sale of intellectual property rights   7,840          Income from discontinued operations        679     Loss on investment   191   1,185   3,940   Adjusted EBITDA     75,062     72,892        13,856   The increase in Adjusted EBITDA from fiscal 2009 to fiscal 2010
is primarily related to $3743million increase in
revenues, combined with reduced levels of operating expenses as
a result of restructuring actions taken during fiscal year 2008
and 2009.   Stock-based compensation declined in fiscal year 2009 as
compared to fiscal year 2008 as a result of restructuring
actions which resulted in lower compensation as unvested awards
were canceled. Stock-based compensation increased in fiscal year
2010 as compared to fiscal year 2009 as more stock-based awards
were granted.   Restructuring charges, including inventory related charges, were
incurred in connection with restructuring plans initiated during
fiscal years 2008 and 2009. Restructuring costs incurred during
fiscal year 2010 relate primarily to actions initiated under
prior restructuring plans.   For a discussion of our gain on the sale of intellectual
property rights and our loss on investment, see the discussion
of our results of operations above.   
32 Table of Contents   Recent
Accounting Pronouncements   In September 2006, the Financial Accounting Standards Board
FASB issued authoritative guidance for Fair Value
Measurements and Disclosures which defines fair value,
establishes a framework for measuring fair value and expands
disclosures about assets and liabilities measured at fair value
in the financial statements. In February 2008, the FASB issued
authoritative guidance which allowed for the delay of the
effective date for fair value measurements for one year for all
non-financial assets and non-financial liabilities, except for
items that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the
financial statements on a recurring basis at least annually.
In April 2009, the FASB issued additional authoritative guidance
in determining whether a market is active or inactive, and
whether a transaction is distressed, is applicable to all assets
and liabilities i.e., financial and non-financial and requires
enhanced disclosures. This standard was effective beginning with
our fourth quarter of fiscal 2009. The measurement and
disclosure requirements related to financial assets and
financial liabilities were effective for us beginning on
October1, 2008. See Note4. On October1, 2009
we adopted the fair value measurement standard for all
non-financial assets and non-financial liabilities, which had no
impact on our financial position or results of operations.   In December 2007, the FASB revised the authoritative guidance
for Business Combinations, which significantly changes the
accounting for business combinations in a number of areas
including the treatment of contingent consideration,
pre-acquisition contingencies, transaction costs, restructuring
costs and income taxes. On October1, 2009 we adopted this
standard prospectively and will apply the standard to any
business combination with an acquisition date after
October1, 2009.   In December 2007, the FASB issued authoritative guidance
regarding Consolidation, which establishes accounting and
reporting standards for noncontrolling interests in a subsidiary
and for the deconsolidation of a subsidiary. This standard
clarifies that a noncontrolling interest in a subsidiary is an
ownership interest in the consolidated entity that should be
reported as equity in the consolidated financial statements. The
amount of net income attributable to the noncontrolling interest
will be included in consolidated net income on the face of the
income statement. Further, it clarifies that changes in a
parents ownership interest in a subsidiary that do not
result in deconsolidation are equity transactions if the parent
retains its controlling financial interest. In addition, this
standard requires that a parent recognize a gain or loss in net
income when a subsidiary is deconsolidated. On October1,
2009 we adopted this standard retrospectively, which did not
have a material impact on our financial position or results of
operations.   In April 2008, the FASB issued authoritative guidance regarding
the determination of the useful life of intangible assets. This
guidance amends the factors that should be considered in
developing renewal or extension assumptions used to determine
the useful life of a recognized intangible asset. It also
improves the consistency between the useful life of a recognized
intangible asset and the period of expected cash flows used to
measure the fair value of the asset. On October1, 2009 we
adopted this standard, which had no impact on our financial
position or results of operations.   In June 2008, the FASB issued authoritative guidance regarding
whether instruments granted in share-based payment transactions
are participating securities, which classifies unvested
share-based payment awards that contain nonforfeitable rights to
dividends or dividend equivalents whether paid or unpaid as
participating securities and requires them to be included in the
computation of earnings per share pursuant to the two-class
method. On October1, 2009 we adopted this standard, which
had no impact on our financial position or results of operations.   In December 2008, the FASB issued authoritative guidance
regarding Compensation Retirement Benefits, which
requires enhanced disclosures about the plan assets of a
companys defined benefit pension and other postretirement
plans. The enhanced disclosures are intended to provide users of
financial statements with a greater understanding of:
1how investment allocation decisions are made, including
the factors that are pertinent to an understanding of investment
policies and strategies; 2the major categories of plan
assets; 3the inputs and valuation techniques used to
measure the fair value of plan assets; 4the effect of
fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs
Level3on changes in plan assets for the period;
and 5significant concentrations of risk within plan
assets. We adopted this standard for the fiscal year ended
September30, 2010 and enhanced our disclosures.   
33 Table of Contents   In June 2009, the FASB issued an amendment to the accounting and
disclosure requirements for the consolidation of variable
interest entities VIEs, which requires a
qualitative approach to identifying a controlling financial
interest in a VIE, and requires ongoing assessment of whether an
entity is a VIE and whether an interest in a VIE makes the
holder the primary beneficiary of the VIE. This guidance is
effective for fiscal years beginning after November15,
2009. We are currently evaluating the potential impact of this
standard on our financial position and results of operations.   
Item7A.
Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   We are exposed to a variety of market risks, including changes
in interest rates affecting the return on our cash and cash
equivalents, short-term and long-term investments and
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.   Interest
Rate Exposure   As our cash and cash equivalents consist principally of money
market securities, which are short-term in nature, our exposure
to market risk related to interest rate fluctuations for these
investments is not significant. Our short-term and long-term
investments consist mostly of highly rated corporate debt
securities, and as such, market risk to these investments is not
significant. During the year ended September30, 2010, the
unrealized gain on marketable securities was $17,000. A
hypothetical 100basis point change in interest rates would
result in an annual change of approximately $10million in
interest income earned.   Currency
Rate Exposure   We have transactions and balances denominated in currencies
other than the U.S.dollar. Most of these transactions or
balances are denominated in Euros and a variety of Asian
currencies. Sales in currencies other than the U.S.dollar
were 15% of our total sales for the year ended
September30, 2010. These foreign sales were made primarily
by our foreign subsidiaries, which have cost structures that
align with the currency of sale.   In the normal course of our business, we have short-term
advances between our legal entities that are subject to foreign
currency exposure. These short-term advances were approximately
$124million at September30, 2010, and relate to the
Euro and a variety of Asian currencies. A majority of our
foreign currency loss of $03million for fiscal year 2010
relates to the currency fluctuation on these advances between
the time the transaction occurs and the ultimate settlement of
the transaction. A hypothetical 10% change in foreign exchange
rates at September30, 2010 would result in a
$12million change in our net income loss. We mitigate
the impact of potential currency translation losses on these
short-term inter company advances by the timely settlement of
each transaction, generally within 30days.   
34   
Item8.
Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data   	
Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm   36   Consolidated Balance Sheets as of
September30, 2010 and 2009   37   Consolidated Statements of Operations for the
three years ended September30, 2010, 2009 and 2008   38   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the
three years ended September30, 2010, 2009 and 2008   39   Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for
the three years ended September30, 2010, 2009 and 2008   40   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   41   
35 Table of Contents   REPORT OF
INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   To the Board of Directors and Stockholders   of Brooks Automation, Inc.   In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements listed in
the accompanying index present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of Brooks Automation, Inc. and its
subsidiaries at September30, 2010 and 2009, and the
results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the
three years in the period ended September30, 2010 in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company
maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control
over financial reporting as of September30, 2010, based on
criteria established in Internal Control
Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO. The
Companys management is responsible for these financial
statements, for maintaining effective internal control over
financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness
of internal control over financial reporting, included in
Managements Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting appearing under Item9A. Our responsibility is to
express opinions on these financial statements and on the
Companys internal control over financial reporting based
on our integrated audits. We conducted our audits in accordance
with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement and
whether effective internal control over financial reporting was
maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial
statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements, assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the
overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal
control over financial reporting included obtaining an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting,
assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing
and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of
internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also
included performing such other procedures as we considered
necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.   A companys internal control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. A companys
internal control over financial reporting includes those
policies and procedures that ipertain to the maintenance
of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
company; iiprovide reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the
company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of
management and directors of the company; and iiiprovide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
companys assets that could have a material effect on the
financial statements.   Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over
financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.   /s/PricewaterhouseCoopers
LLP   PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP   Boston, Massachusetts   November23, 2010   
36 Table of Contents   BROOKS
AUTOMATION, INC.
CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS   	
September30,
September30,
2010   2009   In thousands, except share and per share data   ASSETS   Current assets   Cash and cash equivalents     59,823     59,985   Marketable securities   49,011   28,046   Accounts receivable, net   92,273   38,428   Inventories, net   115,787   84,738   Prepaid expenses and other current assets   10,437   9,992   Total current assets   327,331   221,189   Property, plant and equipment, net   63,669   74,793   Long-term marketable securities   33,593   22,490   Goodwill   48,138   48,138   Intangible assets, net   11,123   14,081   Equity investment in joint ventures   31,746   29,470   Other assets   2,624   3,161   Total assets     518,224     413,322   LIABILITIES AND EQUITY   Current liabilities   Accounts payable     65,734     26,360   Deferred revenue   4,365   2,916   Accrued warranty and retrofit costs   8,195   5,698   Accrued compensation and benefits   13,677   14,317   Accrued restructuring costs   3,509   5,642   Accrued income taxes payable   1,040   2,686   Accrued expenses and other current liabilities   11,635   12,870   Total current liabilities   108,155   70,489   Accrued long-term restructuring     2,019   Income taxes payable   12,446   10,755   Long-term pension liability   5,466   7,913   Other long-term liabilities   2,805   2,523   Total liabilities   128,872   93,699   Commitments and contingencies Note18   Equity   Preferred stock, $001par value, 1,000,000shares
authorized, no shares issued and outstanding at
September30, 2010 and 2009        Common stock, $001par value, 125,000,000shares
authorized, 78,869,331shares issued and
65,407,462shares outstanding at September30, 2010,
77,883,173shares issued and 64,421,304shares
outstanding at September30, 2009   789   779   Additional paid-in capital   1,803,121   1,795,619   Accumulated other comprehensive income   19,510   16,318   Treasury stock at cost, 13,461,869shares at
September30, 2010 and 2009   200,956     200,956     Accumulated deficit   1,233,649     1,292,631     Total Brooks Automation, Inc. stockholders equity   388,815   319,129   Noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries   537   494   Total equity   389,352   319,623   Total liabilities and equity     518,224     413,322   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements.   
37 Table of Contents   BROOKS
AUTOMATION, INC.
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   	
Year Ended September30   2010   2009   2008   In thousands, except per share data   Revenues   Product     532,174     167,552     456,422   Services   60,798   51,154   69,944   Total revenues   592,972   218,706   526,366   Cost of revenues   Product   377,599   155,370   335,163   Services   49,078   48,408   64,375   Impairment of long-lived assets     20,924     Total cost of revenues   426,677   224,702   399,538   Gross profit loss   166,295   5,996     126,828   Operating expenses   Research and development   31,162   31,607   42,924   Selling, general and administrative   85,597   91,231   110,516   Impairment of goodwill     71,800   197,883   Impairment of long-lived assets     14,588   5,687   Restructuring charges   2,529   12,806   7,287   Total operating expenses   119,288   222,032   364,297   Operating income loss from continuing operations   47,007   228,028     237,469     Interest income   1,121   2,719   7,403   Interest expense   80   454   407   Gain on sale of intellectual property rights   7,840        Loss on investment   191   1,185   3,940   Other income expense, net   367     31     1,739   Income loss from continuing operations before income taxes and
equity in earnings losses of joint ventures   56,064   226,917     236,152     Income tax provision benefit   2,746     643   1,233   Income loss from continuing operations before equity in
earnings losses of joint ventures   58,810   227,560     237,385     Equity in earnings losses of joint ventures   215   213     707   Income loss from continuing operations   59,025   227,773     236,678     Discontinued operations   Gain on sale of discontinued operations, net of income taxes        679   Income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes        679   Net income loss     59,025     227,773        235,999     Net loss income attributable to noncontrolling interests   43     85     53   Net income loss attributable to Brooks Automation, Inc.     58,982     227,858        235,946     Basic net income loss per share from continuing operations
attributable to
Brooks Automation, Inc. common stockholders     092     362        367     Basic net income per share from discontinued operations
attributable to Brooks Automation, Inc. common stockholders        001   Basic net income loss per share attributable to Brooks
Automation, Inc. common stockholders     092     362        366     Diluted net income loss per share from continuing operations
attributable to 
Brooks Automation, Inc. common stockholders     092     362        367     Diluted income per share from discontinued operations
attributable to Brooks Automation, Inc. common stockholders        001   Diluted net income loss per share attributable to Brooks
Automation, Inc. common stockholders     092     362        366     Shares used in computing earnings loss per share   Basic   63,777   62,911   64,542   Diluted   64,174   62,911   64,542   The accompanying notes are an
integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
38 Table of Contents   BROOKS
AUTOMATION, INC.
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   	
Year Ended September30   2010   2009   2008   In thousands   Cash flows from operating activities   Net income loss     59,025     227,773        235,999     Adjustments to reconcile net income loss to net cash provided
by used in operating activities   Depreciation and amortization   18,420   25,856   34,538   Impairment of assets     107,312   203,570   Gain on sale of intellectual property rights   7,840          Stock-based compensation   6,567   5,817   6,909   Amortization of premium discount on marketable securities   942   127   830     Undistributed earnings losses of joint ventures   215     213   707     Loss on disposal of long-lived assets   4   17   1,070   Gain on sale of software division, net        679     Loss on investment   191   1,185   3,940   Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions
and disposals   Accounts receivable   53,163     29,963   38,612   Inventories   31,341     21,779   610     Prepaid expenses and other current assets   499     4,527   5,790   Accounts payable   39,352   10,947     20,601     Deferred revenue   1,487   676     1,892     Accrued warranty and retrofit costs   2,483   2,496     2,772     Accrued compensation and benefits   913     3,869     5,839     Accrued restructuring costs   4,123     5,007     3,089     Accrued expenses and other current liabilities   2,505     2,522     7,755     Net cash provided by used in operating activities   27,872   56,494     13,656   Cash flows from investing activities   Purchases of property, plant and equipment   3,472     11,339     23,439     Purchases of marketable securities   117,473     59,091     151,231     Sale/maturity of marketable securities   84,546   75,628   190,592   Proceeds from the sale of intellectual property rights   7,840        Purchase of intangible assets   892          Proceeds from the sale of software division        1,918   Acquisitions        1,000     Other   243   1,055   75     Net cash provided by used in investing activities   29,208     6,253   16,765   Cash flows from financing activities   Treasury stock purchases        90,194     Issuance of common stock under stock option and stock purchase
plans   1,245   1,248   2,391   Net cash provided by used in financing activities   1,245   1,248   87,803     Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents   71     1,291     581     Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents   162     50,284     57,963     Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year   59,985   110,269   168,232   Cash and cash equivalents, end of year     59,823     59,985     110,269   Supplemental disclosures   Cash paid during the year for interest     80     454     407   Cash paid refunded during the year for income taxes, net     1,866        246     2,167   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements.   
39 Table of Contents   BROOKS
AUTOMATION, INC.
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY   	
Total
Accumulated
Brooks
Common
Other
Automation,
Common
Stock at
Additional
Comprehensive
Comprehensive
Inc.
Noncontrolling
Stock
Par
Paid-In
Income
Income
Accumulated
Treasury
Stockholders
Interests in
Total
Shares   Value   Capital   Loss   Loss   Deficit   Stock   Equity   Subsidiaries   Equity   Balance September30, 2007   76,483,603     765     1,780,401     18,202     828,827        110,762        859,779     462     860,241   Shares issued under stock option, restricted stock and purchase
plans, net   561,134   5   1,581   1,586   1,586   Stock-based compensation   6,909   6,909   6,909   Repurchase of stock   90,194     90,194     90,194     Comprehensive income loss   Net loss     235,999     235,946     235,946     53     235,999     Currency translation adjustments   125     125     125     125     Changes in unrealized gain on marketable securities   962   962   962   962   Actuarial loss arising in the year   976     976     976     976     Comprehensive loss     236,138     Balance September30, 2008   77,044,737   770   1,788,891   18,063   1,064,773     200,956     541,995   409   542,404   Shares issued under stock option, restricted stock and purchase
plans, net   838,436   9   911   920   920   Stock-based compensation   5,817   5,817   5,817   Comprehensive income loss   Net loss     227,773     227,858     227,858     85   227,773     Currency translation adjustments   4,276   4,276   4,276   4,276   Changes in unrealized gain on marketable securities   471   471   471   471   Actuarial loss arising in the year   6,492     6,492     6,492     6,492     Comprehensive loss     229,518     Balance September30, 2009   77,883,173   779   1,795,619   16,318   1,292,631     200,956     319,129   494   319,623   Shares issued under stock option, restricted stock and purchase
plans, net   986,158   10   935   945   945   Stock-based compensation   6,567   6,567   6,567   Comprehensive income loss   Net income     59,025   58,982   58,982   43   59,025   Currency translation adjustments   4,229   4,229   4,229   4,229   Changes in unrealized loss on marketable securities   36     36     36     36     Actuarial loss arising in the year   1,001     1,001     1,001     1,001     Comprehensive income     62,217   Balance September30, 2010   78,869,331     789     1,803,121     19,510     1,233,649        200,956        388,815     537     389,352   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements.   
40 Table of Contents   BROOKS
AUTOMATION, INC.
NOTESTO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
1.
Nature of
the Business   Brooks Automation, Inc. Brooks or the
Company is a leading provider of automation, vacuum
and instrumentation solutions and is a highly valued business
partner to original equipment manufacturers OEM and equipment
users throughout the world. The Company serves markets where
equipment productivity and availability is a critical factor for
its customers success, typically in demanding temperature
and/or
pressure environments. The Companys largest served market
is the semiconductor manufacturing industry. The Company also
provides unique solutions to customers in data storage, advanced
display, analytical instruments, solar and LED markets. The
Company develops and delivers differentiated solutions that
range from proprietary products to highly respected
manufacturing services.   
2.
Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies   Principles
of Consolidation and Basis of Presentation   The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of
the Company and all majority-owned subsidiaries. All
intercompany accounts and transactions are eliminated. Equity
investments in which the Company exercises significant influence
but does not control and is not the primary beneficiary are
accounted for using the equity method.   Use of
Estimates   The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles requires management to
make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the
reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
period. Significant estimates are associated with accounts
receivable, inventories, intangible assets, goodwill, deferred
income taxes and warranty obligations. Although the Company
regularly assesses these estimates, actual results could differ
from those estimates. Changes in estimates are recorded in the
period in which they become known.   Foreign
Currency Translation   Some transactions of the Company and its subsidiaries are made
in currencies different from their functional currency. Foreign
currency gains losses on these transactions or balances are
recorded in Other income expense, net when
incurred. Net foreign currency transaction losses included in
income loss before income taxes and equity in earnings
losses of joint ventures totaled $03million,
$06million and $35million for the years ended
September30, 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. For
non-U.S.subsidiaries,
assets and liabilities are translated at period-end exchange
rates, and income statement items are translated at the average
exchange rates for the period. The local currency for the
majority of foreign subsidiaries is considered to be the
functional currency and, accordingly, translation adjustments
are reported in Accumulated other comprehensive
income. Foreign currency translation adjustments are one
of the components in the calculation of comprehensive net income
loss.   Cash
and Cash Equivalents   Cash and cash equivalents include cash and highly liquid
investments with original maturities of three months or less. At
September30, 2010 and 2009, cash equivalents were
$211million and $382million, respectively. Cash
equivalents are held at cost which approximates fair value due
to their short-term maturities and varying interest rates.   Concentration
of Credit Risk   Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to
concentration of credit risk consist primarily of trade
receivables and temporary and long-term cash investments in
treasury bills and commercial paper. The   
41 Table of Contents   BROOKS
AUTOMATION, INC.
NOTESTO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued   Company restricts its investments to U.S.government and
corporate securities, and mutual funds that invest in
U.S.government securities. The Companys customers
are concentrated in the semiconductor industry, and relatively
few customers account for a significant portion of the
Companys revenues. The Companys top ten largest
customers account for approximately 63% of revenues for the year
ended September30, 2010. Three of the Companys
customers accounted for 21%, 15% and 10%, respectively, of
revenues for the year ended September30, 2010. The Company
regularly monitors the creditworthiness of its customers and
believes that it has adequately provided for exposure to
potential credit losses.   Accounts
Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts   Trade accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount
and do not bear interest. The allowance for doubtful accounts is
the Companys best estimate of the amount of probable
credit losses in its existing accounts receivable. The Company
determines the allowance based on historical write-off
experience. The Company reviews its allowance for doubtful
accounts quarterly. Past due balances are reviewed individually
for collectibility. Account balances are charged off against the
allowance when the Company feels it is probable the receivable
will not be recovered. The Company does not have any
off-balance-sheet credit exposure related to its customers.   Inventories   Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market, cost
being determined using a standard costing system which
approximates cost based on a
first-in,
first-out method. The Company provides inventory reserves for
excess, obsolete or damaged inventory based on changes in
customer demand, technology and other economic factors.   Fixed
Assets, Intangible Assets and Impairment of Long-lived
Assets   Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less
accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed using the
straight-line method. Depreciable lives are summarized below   	
Buildings   20 - 40years   Computer equipment and software   2 - 7years   Machinery and equipment   2 - 10years   Furniture and fixtures   3 - 10years   Leasehold improvements and equipment held under capital leases
are amortized over the shorter of their estimated useful lives
or the term of the respective leases. Equipment used for
demonstrations to customers is included in machinery and
equipment and is depreciated over its estimated useful life.
Repair and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred.   The Company has developed software for internal use. In
accordance with U.S.GAAP, internal and external labor
costs incurred during the application development stage are
capitalized. Costs incurred prior to application development and
post implementation are expensed as incurred. Training and most
data conversion costs are expensed as incurred.   When an asset is retired, the cost of the asset disposed of and
the related accumulated depreciation are removed from the
accounts, and any resulting gain or loss is included in the
determination of operating profit loss.   As a result of the Companys acquisitions, the Company has
identified general intangible assets other than goodwill.
General intangible assets other than goodwill are valued based
on estimates of future cash flows and amortized over their
estimated useful life.   Patents include capitalized direct costs associated with
obtaining patents as well as assets that were acquired as a part
of business combinations. Capitalized patent costs are amortized
using the straight-line method over the   
42 Table of Contents   BROOKS
AUTOMATION, INC.
NOTESTO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued   estimated economic life of the patents. As of September30,
2010 and 2009, the net book value of the Companys patents
was $09million and $01million, respectively.   Intangibles assets other than goodwill are tested for impairment
when indicators of impairment are present. For purposes of this
test, long-lived assets are grouped with other assets and
liabilities at the lowest level for which identifiable cash
flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets
and liabilities. When the Company determines that indicators of
potential impairment exist, the next step of the impairment test
requires that the potentially impaired long-lived asset group is
tested for recoverability. The test for recoverability compares
the undiscounted future cash flows of the long-lived asset group
to its carrying value. The future cash flow period is based on
the future service life of the primary asset within the
long-lived asset group. If the carrying values of the long-lived
asset group exceed the future cash flows, the assets are
considered to be potentially impaired. The next step in the
impairment process is to determine the fair value of the
individual net assets within the long-lived asset group. If the
aggregate fair values of the individual net assets of the group
are less then their carrying values, an impairment is recorded
equal to the excess of the aggregate carrying value of the group
over the aggregate fair value. The loss is allocated to each
asset within the group based on their relative carrying values,
with no asset reduced below its fair value.   The amortizable lives of intangible assets, including those
identified as a result of purchase accounting, are summarized as
follows   	
Patents   7 - 15years   Completed technology   2 - 10years   License agreements   5years   Trademarks and trade names   3 - 6years   Non-competition agreements   3 - 5years   Customer relationships   4 - 11years   Goodwill   Goodwill represents the excess of purchase price over the fair
value of net tangible and identifiable intangible assets of the
businesses the Company acquired. The Company performs an annual
impairment test of its goodwill on September 30 of each fiscal
year unless interim indicators of impairment exist see
Note6.   The testing of goodwill for impairment is performed at a level
referred to as a reporting unit. A reporting unit is either the
operating segment level or one level below, which is
referred to as a component. The level at which the
impairment test is performed requires an assessment as to
whether the operations below the operating segment constitute a
self-sustaining business, testing is generally required to be
performed at this level. The Company currently has two reporting
units that have goodwill, and both of those units are part of
the Critical Solutions Group operating segment.   The Company determines the fair value of its reporting units
using the Income Approach, specifically the Discounted Cash Flow
Method DCF Method. The DCF Method includes five
year future cash flow projections, which are discounted to
present value, and an estimate of terminal values, which are
also discounted to present value. Terminal values represent the
present value an investor would pay today for the rights to the
cash flows of the business for the years subsequent to the
discrete cash flow projection period. The Company considers the
DCF Method to be the most appropriate valuation indicator as the
DCF analyses are based on managements long-term financial
projections. Given the dynamic nature of the cyclical
semiconductor equipment market, managements projections as
of the valuation date are considered more objective since other
market metrics for peer companies fluctuate over the cycle.   Goodwill impairment testing is a two-step process. The first
step of the goodwill impairment test, used to identify potential
impairment, compares the fair value of each reporting unit to
its respective carrying amount   
43 Table of Contents   BROOKS
AUTOMATION, INC.
NOTESTO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued   including goodwill. If the fair value of the reporting unit
exceeds its carrying amount, goodwill of the reporting unit is
not considered impaired. If the reporting units carrying
amount exceeds the fair value, the second step of the goodwill
impairment test must be completed to measure the amount of the
impairment loss, if any. The second step compares the implied
fair value of goodwill with the carrying value of goodwill. The
implied fair value is determined by allocating the fair value of
the reporting unit to all of the assets and liabilities of that
unit, the excess of the fair value over amounts assigned to its
assets and liabilities is the implied fair value of goodwill.
The implied fair value of goodwill determined in this step is
compared to the carrying value of goodwill. If the implied fair
value of goodwill is less than the carrying value of goodwill,
an impairment loss is recognized equal to the difference.   Revenue
Recognition   Product revenues are associated with the sale of hardware
systems, components and spare parts as well as product license
revenue. Service revenues are associated with service contracts,
repairs, upgrades and field service. Shipping and handling fees,
if any, billed to customers are recognized as revenue. The
related shipping and handling costs are recognized in cost of
sales.   Revenue from product sales that do not include significant
customization is recorded upon delivery and transfer of risk of
loss to the customer provided there is evidence of an
arrangement, fees are fixed or determinable, collection of the
related receivable is reasonably assured and, if applicable,
customer acceptance criteria have been successfully
demonstrated. Customer acceptance provisions include final
testing and acceptance carried out prior to shipment. These
pre-shipment testing and acceptance procedures ensure that the
product meets the published specification requirements before
the product is shipped. In the limited situations where the
arrangement contains extended payment terms, revenue is
recognized as the payments become due. When significant on site
customer acceptance provisions are present in the arrangement,
revenue is recognized upon completion of customer acceptance
testing.   Revenue associated with service agreements is generally
recognized ratably over the term of the contract. Revenue from
repair services or upgrades of customer-owned equipment is
recognized upon completion of the repair effort and upon the
shipment of the repaired item back to the customer. In instances
where the repair or upgrade includes installation, revenue is
recognized when the installation is completed.   Warranty   The Company offers warranties on the sales of certain of its
products and records an accrual for estimated future claims.
Such accruals are based upon historical experience and
managements estimate of the level of future claims.   Research
and Development Expenses   Research and development costs are charged to expense when
incurred.   Stock-Based
Compensation   The Company measures compensation cost for all employee stock
awards at fair value on date of grant and recognizes
compensation expense over the service period for awards expected
to vest. The fair value of restricted stock is determined based
on the number of shares granted and the excess of the quoted
price of the Companys common stock over the exercise price
of the restricted stock on the date of grant, if any, and the
fair value of stock options is determined using the
Black-Scholes valuation model. Such value is recognized as
expense over the service period, net of estimated forfeitures.
The estimation of stock awards that will ultimately vest
requires significant judgment. The Company considers many
factors when estimating expected forfeitures, including types of
awards, employee class, and historical experience. In addition,
for stock-based awards where vesting is dependent upon achieving
certain operating performance goals, the Company estimates the
likelihood of achieving   
44 Table of Contents   BROOKS
AUTOMATION, INC.
NOTESTO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued   the performance goals. Actual results, and future changes in
estimates, may differ substantially from the Companys
current estimates. Restricted stock with market-based vesting
criteria is valued using a lattice model.   During the year ended September30, 2010, the Company
granted 253,000shares of restricted stock to members of
senior management of which 126,500shares vest over the
service period and the remaining 126,500shares vest upon
the achievement of certain financial performance goals which
will be measured at the end of fiscal year 2012. Total
compensation on these awards is a maximum of $22million.
Awards subject to service criteria are being recorded to expense
ratably over the vesting period. Awards subject to performance
criteria are expensed over the related service period when
attainment of the performance condition is considered probable.
The total amount of compensation recorded will depend on the
Companys achievement of performance targets. Changes to
the projected attainment of performance targets during the
vesting period may result in an adjustment to the amount of
cumulative compensation recorded as of the date the estimate is
revised.   The following table reflects compensation expense recorded
during the years ended September30, 2010, 2009 and 2008
in thousands   	
Year Ended September30   2010   2009   2008   Stock options     170     292     837   Restricted stock   5,944   5,092   5,443   Employee stock purchase plan   453   433   629     6,567     5,817     6,909   Valuation
Assumptions for Stock Options and Employee Stock Purchase
Plans   No stock options were granted for the years ended
September30, 2010, 2009 and 2008.   The fair value of shares issued under the employee stock
purchase plan was estimated on the commencement date of each
offering period using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model
with the following assumptions   	
Year Ended September30   2010   2009   2008   Risk-free interest rate   02     07     28     Volatility   58     70     46     Expected life   6months   6months   6months   Dividend yield   0     0     0     Expected volatilities are based on historical volatilities of
the Companys common stock; the expected life represents
the weighted average period of time that options granted are
expected to be outstanding giving consideration to vesting
schedules and the Companys historical exercise patterns;
and the risk-free rate is based on the U.S.Treasury yield
curve in effect at the time of grant for periods corresponding
with the expected life of the option.   Equity
Incentive Plans   The Companys equity incentive plans are intended to
attract and retain employees and to provide an incentive for
them to assist the Company to achieve long-range performance
goals and to enable them to participate in the long-term growth
of the Company. The equity incentive plans consist of plans
under which employees may be granted options to purchase shares
of the Companys stock, restricted stock and other equity
incentives. Stock options generally have a vesting period of
four years and are exercisable for a period not to exceed seven
years from the date of issuance. Restricted stock awards
generally vest over two to four years, with certain restricted
stock   
45 Table of Contents   BROOKS
AUTOMATION, INC.
NOTESTO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued   awards vesting immediately. At September30, 2010, a total
of 5,604,327shares were reserved and available for the
issuance of awards under the plans.   Income
Taxes   The Company records income taxes using the asset and liability
method. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are
recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to
differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of
existing assets and liabilities and their respective income tax
bases, and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. The
Companys consolidated financial statements contain certain
deferred tax assets which have arisen primarily as a result of
operating losses, as well as other temporary differences between
financial and tax accounting. A valuation allowance is
established if the likelihood of realization of the deferred tax
assets is not considered more likely than not based on an
evaluation of objective verifiable evidence. Significant
management judgment is required in determining the
Companys provision for income taxes, the Companys
deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance
recorded against those net deferred tax assets. The Company
evaluates the weight of all available evidence to determine
whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of
the net deferred income tax assets will not be realized.   Earnings
Loss Per Share   Basic earnings loss per share is calculated based on the
weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the
period. Diluted earnings loss per share is calculated based on
the weighted average number of common shares and dilutive common
equivalent shares assumed outstanding during the period. Shares
used to compute diluted earnings loss per share exclude common
share equivalents if their inclusion would have an anti-dilutive
effect.   Fair
Value of Financial Instruments   The Companys financial instruments include cash and cash
equivalents, marketable securities, accounts receivable,
accounts payable and accrued expenses. The carrying amounts of
these items reported in the balance sheets approximate their
fair value at September30, 2010 and 2009. In the case of
marketable securities, measurement is based on quoted market
prices.   Reclassifications   Certain reclassifications have been made in the 2009 and 2008
consolidated financial statements to conform to the 2010
presentation.   Recent
Accounting Pronouncements   In September 2006, the Financial Accounting Standards Board
FASB issued authoritative guidance for Fair Value
Measurements and Disclosures which defines fair value,
establishes a framework for measuring fair value and expands
disclosures about assets and liabilities measured at fair value
in the financial statements. In February 2008, the FASB issued
authoritative guidance which allowed for the delay of the
effective date for fair value measurements for one year for all
non-financial assets and non-financial liabilities, except for
items that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the
financial statements on a recurring basis at least annually.
In April 2009, the FASB issued additional authoritative guidance
in determining whether a market is active or inactive, and
whether a transaction is distressed, is applicable to all assets
and liabilities i.e., financial and non-financial and requires
enhanced disclosures. This standard was effective beginning with
the Companys fourth quarter of fiscal 2009. The
measurement and disclosure requirements related to financial
assets and financial liabilities were effective for the Company
beginning on October1, 2008. See Note4. On
October1, 2009 the Company adopted the fair value
measurement standard for all non-financial assets and
non-financial liabilities, which had no impact on its financial
position or results of operations.   
46 Table of Contents   BROOKS
AUTOMATION, INC.
NOTESTO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued   In December 2007, the FASB revised the authoritative guidance
for Business Combinations, which significantly changes the
accounting for business combinations in a number of areas
including the treatment of contingent consideration,
pre-acquisition contingencies, transaction costs, restructuring
costs and income taxes. On October1, 2009 the Company
adopted this standard prospectively and will apply the standard
to any business combination with an acquisition date after
October1, 2009.   In December 2007, the FASB issued authoritative guidance
regarding Consolidation, which establishes accounting and
reporting standards for noncontrolling interests in a subsidiary
and for the deconsolidation of a subsidiary. This standard
clarifies that a noncontrolling interest in a subsidiary is an
ownership interest in the consolidated entity that should be
reported as equity in the consolidated financial statements. The
amount of net income attributable to the noncontrolling interest
will be included in consolidated net income on the face of the
income statement. Further, it clarifies that changes in a
parents ownership interest in a subsidiary that do not
result in deconsolidation are equity transactions if the parent
retains its controlling financial interest. In addition, this
standard requires that a parent recognize a gain or loss in net
income when a subsidiary is deconsolidated. On October1,
2009 the Company adopted this standard retrospectively, which
did not have a material impact on its financial position or
results of operations.   In April 2008, the FASB issued authoritative guidance regarding
the determination of the useful life of intangible assets. This
guidance amends the factors that should be considered in
developing renewal or extension assumptions used to determine
the useful life of a recognized intangible asset. It also
improves the consistency between the useful life of a recognized
intangible asset and the period of expected cash flows used to
measure the fair value of the asset. On October1, 2009 the
Company adopted this standard, which had no impact on its
financial position or results of operations.   In June 2008, the FASB issued authoritative guidance regarding
whether instruments granted in share-based payment transactions
are participating securities, which classifies unvested
share-based payment awards that contain nonforfeitable rights to
dividends or dividend equivalents whether paid or unpaid as
participating securities and requires them to be included in the
computation of earnings per share pursuant to the two-class
method. On October1, 2009 the Company adopted this
standard, which had no impact on its financial position or
results of operations.   In December 2008, the FASB issued authoritative guidance
regarding Compensation Retirement Benefits, which
requires enhanced disclosures about the plan assets of a
companys defined benefit pension and other postretirement
plans. The enhanced disclosures are intended to provide users of
financial statements with a greater understanding of:
1how investment allocation decisions are made, including
the factors that are pertinent to an understanding of investment
policies and strategies; 2the major categories of plan
assets; 3the inputs and valuation techniques used to
measure the fair value of plan assets; 4the effect of
fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs
Level3on changes in plan assets for the period;
and 5significant concentrations of risk within plan
assets. The Company adopted this standard for the fiscal year
ended September30, 2010 and enhanced its disclosures.   In June 2009, the FASB issued an amendment to the accounting and
disclosure requirements for the consolidation of variable
interest entities VIEs, which requires a
qualitative approach to identifying a controlling financial
interest in a VIE, and requires ongoing assessment of whether an
entity is a VIE and whether an interest in a VIE makes the
holder the primary beneficiary of the VIE. This guidance is
effective for fiscal years beginning after November15,
2009. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact
of this standard on its financial position and results of
operations.   
3.
Marketable
Securities   The Company invests its cash in marketable securities and
classifies them as
available-for-sale.
The Company records these securities at fair value. Marketable
securities reported as current assets represent investments that   
47 Table of Contents   BROOKS
AUTOMATION, INC.
NOTESTO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued   mature within one year from the balance sheet date. Long-term
marketable securities represent investments with maturity dates
greater than one year from the balance sheet date. At the time
that the maturity dates of these investments become one year or
less, the securities are reclassified to current assets.
Unrealized gains and losses are excluded from earnings and
reported in a separate component of stockholders equity
until they are sold or mature. At the time of sale, any gains or
losses, calculated by the specific identification method, will
be recognized as a component of operating results.   The following is a summary of marketable securities included in
short and long-term marketable securities in the consolidated
balance sheets, including accrued interest receivable, as of
September30, 2010 and 2009 in thousands   	
Gross
Gross
Amortized
Unrealized
Unrealized
Cost   Gains   Losses   Fair Value   September30, 2010   U.S. Treasury securities and obligations of U.S. government
agencies     38,319     62     8        38,373   Corporate securities   38,617   185   4     38,798   Mortgage-backed securities1   1,771   23   4     1,790   Other debt securities   186        186   Municipal securities   2,405   1   2     2,404   Bank certificate of deposits   1,053        1,053     82,351     271     18        82,604   September30, 2009   U.S. Treasury securities and obligations of U.S. government
agencies     21,410     149          21,559   Corporate securities   16,791   143     16,934   Mortgage-backed securities2   2,208   20   80     2,148   Other debt securities   2,629   5     2,634   Municipal securities   7,015     2     7,013   Bank certificate of deposits   248        248     50,301     317     82        50,536   
1 
Fair value amounts include approximately $08million of
investments in the Federal Home Loan Mortgage and Federal
National Mortgage Association.   
2 
Fair value amounts include approximately $10million of
investments in the Federal Home Loan Mortgage and Federal
National Mortgage Association.   Gross realized gains on sales of
available-for-sale
marketable securities included in Other income
expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations was
$10,000 and $21,000 for the years ended September30, 2010
and 2008, respectively. There were no gross realized gains for
the year ended September30, 2009. There were no gross
realized losses for the years ended September30, 2010,
2009 and 2008.   
48 Table of Contents   BROOKS
AUTOMATION, INC.
NOTESTO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued   The fair value of the marketable securities at
September30, 2010 by contractual maturity, are shown
below. Expected maturities will differ from contractual
maturities because the issuers of the securities may have the
right to prepay obligations without prepayment penalties in
thousands.   	
Fair Value   Due in one year or less     49,011   Due after one year through five years   29,552   Due after ten years   4,041     82,604   Gain
Loss on Investment   During the three months ended June30, 2007, a company in
which Brooks held a minority equity interest was acquired by a
closely-held Swiss public company. Brooks minority equity
investment had been previously written down to zero in 2003. As
a result, Brooks received shares of common stock from the
acquirer in exchange for its minority equity interest and
recorded a gain of $51million.   During fiscal 2010, 2009 and 2008, the Company recorded a charge
of $02million, $12million and $39million,
respectively, related to its minority equity investment in this
Swiss public company. The charges during fiscal years 2009 and
2008 reflect an other than temporary impairment of this
investment. The $02million charge during fiscal 2010
represents the loss on the sale of this investment. As of
September30, 2010, the Company no longer had an equity
investment in this entity.   
4.
Fair
Value Measurements   The fair value measurement guidance establishes a fair value
hierarchy which requires an entity to maximize the use of
observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs
when measuring fair value. The standard describes three levels
of inputs that may be used to measure fair value   Level1 Quoted prices in active markets for
identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date. Active
markets are those in which transactions for the asset and
liability occur in sufficient frequency and volume to provide
pricing information on an ongoing basis.   Level2 Observable inputs other than Level1
prices, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities;
quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs
that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market
data for substantially the full term of the assets or
liabilities.   Level3 Unobservable inputs that are supported by
little or no market activity and that are significant to the
fair value of the assets or liabilities.   Assets and liabilities of the Company measured at fair value on
a recurring basis as of September30, 2010 and 2009 are
summarized as follows in thousands   	
Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using   Quoted Prices in
Significant Other
Significant
Active Markets for
Observable 
Unobservable 
September30,
Identical Assets
Inputs
Inputs
Description   2010   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Assets   Cash Equivalents     21,130     21,130             Available-for-sale
securities   82,604   38,798   43,806     Total Assets     103,734     59,928     43,806        
49 Table of Contents   BROOKS
AUTOMATION, INC.
NOTESTO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued   	
Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using   Quoted Prices in
Significant Other
Significant
Active Markets for
Observable 
Unobservable 
September30,
Identical Assets
Inputs
Inputs
Description   2009   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Assets   Cash Equivalents     38,203     38,203             Available-for-sale
securities   50,536   16,934   33,602     Other Assets   481   481        Total Assets     89,220     55,618     33,602        Cash
Equivalents   Cash equivalents of $211million and $382million at
September30, 2010 and 2009, respectively, consisting
primarily of Money Market Funds, are classified within
Level1 of the fair value hierarchy because they are valued
using quoted market prices in active markets.   Available-For-Sale
Securities   Available-for-sale
securities of $388million and $169million at
September30, 2010 and 2009, respectively, consisting of
highly rated Corporate Bonds, are classified within Level1
of the fair value hierarchy because they are valued using quoted
market prices in active markets of identical assets or
liabilities.
Available-for-sale
securities of $438million and $336million at
September30, 2010 and 2009, respectively, consisting of
Asset Backed Securities, Municipal Bonds, and Government
Agencies are classified within Level2 of the fair value
hierarchy because they are valued using matrix pricing and
benchmarking. Matrix pricing is a mathematical technique used to
value securities by relying on the securities relationship
to other benchmark quoted prices.   Other
Assets   Other assets of $05million at September30, 2009,
consisting of an investment in Common Stock, are classified
within Level1 of the fair value hierarchy because they are
valued using quoted market prices in active markets.   
5.
Property,
Plant and Equipment   Property, plant and equipment as of September30, 2010 and
2009 were as follows in thousands   	
September30   2010   2009   Buildings and land     43,455     43,260   Computer equipment and software   69,278   68,327   Machinery and equipment   50,499   49,271   Furniture and fixtures   10,817   10,951   Leasehold improvements   22,758   22,329   Capital projects in progress   1,201   2,238   198,008   196,376   Less accumulated depreciation and amortization   134,339     121,583     Property, plant and equipment, net     63,669     74,793   
50 Table of Contents   BROOKS
AUTOMATION, INC.
NOTESTO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued   Depreciation expense was $146million, $156million
and $182million for the years ended September30,
2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively.   The Company recorded an impairment charge of $13million
and $35million to write-down certain buildings and
leasehold improvements to fair value in fiscal 2009 and 2008,
respectively, as a result of underlying circumstances discussed
in Note6.   
6.
Goodwill
and Intangible Assets   The Company performs an annual impairment test of its goodwill
on September 30 of each fiscal year unless interim indicators of
impairment exist. Goodwill is considered to be impaired when the
net book value of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair
value. Fair values are estimated using a discounted cash flow
methodology. Discounted cash flows are based on the
businesses strategic plans and managements best
estimate of revenue growth and gross profit by each reporting
unit. The Company recorded charges for the impairment of
goodwill at September30, 2008 and an additional interim
charge during the quarter ended March31, 2009. The Company
performed its goodwill impairment test as of September30,
2010 and 2009, and determined that no adjustment to goodwill was
necessary.   The Companys goodwill test as of September30, 2008
indicated that goodwill was potentially impaired, and after
completing the goodwill analysis, the Company recorded an
impairment charge to goodwill of $1979million. In
addition to the goodwill impairment charge, a long-lived asset
impairment charge of $57million was recorded. The
impairment charges were the result of the expectation that
future cash flows would be adversely impacted as a result of the
global economic slowdown. In response to this downturn,
management restructured the business, which resulted in a change
to the Companys reporting units and operating segments.
Goodwill was reallocated to each of the newly formed reporting
units as of March31, 2009, based on such factors as the
relative fair values of each reporting unit. Goodwill was
reallocated to five of the seven reporting units as of
March31, 2009. This reallocation, in conjunction with the
continued downturn in the semiconductor markets, indicated that
a potential impairment may exist. As such, management tested
goodwill and other long-lived assets for impairment at
March31, 2009.   The fair value of each reporting unit as of September30,
2008 was determined using the Income Approach, specifically the
DCF Method. The methodologies used to determine the fair value
of the net assets of each reporting unit as of
September30, 2008 did not change from those used as of
September30, 2007. The material assumptions used in the
DCF Method include: discount rates and revenue forecasts.
Discount rates are based on a weighted average cost of capital
WACC, which represents the average rate a business
must pay its providers of debt and equity capital. The WACC used
to test goodwill was derived from a group of comparable
companies. The average WACC used in the 2008 goodwill test was
128%, which changed only slightly from 135% used in the prior
period, with the decrease due primarily to declining market
interest rates. Management determines revenue forecasts based on
their best estimate of near term revenue expectations which are
corroborated by communications with customers, and longer-term
projection trends, which are validated by published independent
industry analyst reports. Revenue forecasts materially impact
the amount of cash flow generated during the five year
projection period, and also impact the terminal value as that
value is derived from projected revenue. The decrease in
projected revenue for all reporting units for both the forecast
period and the terminal period is the primary cause for the
lower fair values of all reporting units in 2008 as compared to
2007. For all three reporting units containing goodwill at
September30, 2008, the Company determined that the
carrying amount of their net assets exceeded their respective
fair values, indicating that a potential impairment existed for
each of those reporting units. After completing the required
steps of the goodwill impairment test, the Company recorded a
goodwill impairment of $1979million as of
September30, 2008.   The Company tests certain long-lived assets other than goodwill
when indicators of impairment are present. Management determined
that impairment indicators were present for certain of the
Companys long-lived assets as of September30, 2008.
Certain long-lived assets were tested for recoverability by
comparing the sum of the undiscounted cash flows attributable to
the potentially impaired asset group to their respective
carrying amounts   
51 Table of Contents   BROOKS
AUTOMATION, INC.
NOTESTO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued   and determined that the carrying amounts were not recoverable.
The fair values were determined for each long-lived asset of the
potentially impaired long-lived asset group to determine the
amount of the impairment, if any. After completing this
analysis, the Company recorded an impairment of
$22million for intangible assets and an additional
impairment charge of $35million related to property,
plant and equipment.   The fair value of each reporting unit as of March31, 2009
was determined using the Income Approach, specifically the DCF
Method. The methodologies used to determine the fair value of
the net assets of each reporting unit as of March31, 2009
did not change from those used as of September30, 2008.
The material assumptions used in the DCF Method include:
discount rates, or WACC, and revenue forecasts. The average WACC
used in the March31, 2009 reallocation of goodwill was
162%, as compared to 128% for the goodwill test as of
September30, 2008. This increase was primarily the result
of significantly increased costs of equity capital driven by
increased volatility in equity markets. The revenue forecasts
used in the reallocation and assessment of goodwill as of
March31, 2009 were decreased from the levels forecasted
for the goodwill impairment test as of September30, 2008
due to further market deterioration.   For three of the five reporting units containing goodwill at
March31, 2009, the Company determined that the carrying
amount of their net assets exceeded their respective fair
values, indicating that a potential impairment existed for each
of those reporting units. After completing the required steps of
the goodwill impairment test, the Company recorded a goodwill
impairment of $718million as of March31, 2009.   The Company also determined that impairment indicators were
present for certain of its long-lived assets as of
March31, 2009. The long-lived assets in question were
tested for recoverability by comparing the sum of the
undiscounted cash flows attributable to each respective asset
group to their carrying amounts, and determined that the
carrying amounts for certain asset groups were not recoverable.
Management then evaluated the fair values of each long-lived
asset of the potentially impaired long-lived asset group to
determine the amount of the impairment, if any. The fair value
of each intangible asset was based primarily on an income
approach, which is a present value technique used to measure the
fair value of future cash flows produced by the asset.
Management estimated future cash flows over the remaining useful
life of each intangible asset, which ranged from approximately 3
to 8years, and used a discount rate of approximately 16%.
As a result of this analysis, the Company determined that it had
incurred an impairment loss of $351million as of
March31, 2009, and allocated that loss among the
long-lived assets of the impaired asset group based on the
carrying value of each asset, with no asset reduced below its
respective fair value. The impairment charge was allocated as
follows: $196million related to completed technology
intangible assets; $12million to trade name intangible
assets; $134million to customer relationship intangible
assets and $09million to property, plant and equipment.
Further, during the three months ended June30, 2009, the
Company recorded an additional impairment charge of
$04million for property, plant and equipment   
52 Table of Contents   BROOKS
AUTOMATION, INC.
NOTESTO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued   related to the closure and outsourcing of a small manufacturing
operation located in the United States. The total impairment
charges related to long-lived assets for fiscal 2009 are
summarized as follows in thousands   	
Year Ended
September30,
2009   Reported as cost of sales   Completed technology intangible asset impairment     19,608   Property, plant and equipment impairment   1,316   Subtotal, reported as cost of sales   20,924   Reported as operating expense   Trade name intangible asset impairment   1,145   Customer relationship intangible asset impairment   13,443   Subtotal, reported as operating expense   14,588     35,512   The components of the Companys goodwill by business
segment at September30, 2010 and 2009 are as follows in
thousands   	
Critical
Systems
Global
Solutions
Solutions
Customer
Group   Group   Operations   Other   Total   Gross goodwill at September30, 2008     353,253     151,184     151,238     7,421     663,096   Acquisitions and adjustments during fiscal 2009               Gross goodwill at September30, 2009   353,253   151,184   151,238   7,421   663,096   Acquisitions and adjustments during fiscal 2010               Gross goodwill at September30, 2010     353,253     151,184     151,238     7,421     663,096   Accumulated goodwill impairments at September30, 2008     283,083        146,368        106,286        7,421        543,158     Impairments recorded during fiscal 2009   22,032     4,816     44,952        71,800     Accumulated goodwill impairments at September30, 2009   305,115     151,184     151,238     7,421     614,958     Impairments recorded during fiscal 2010               Accumulated goodwill impairments at September30, 2010     305,115        151,184        151,238        7,421        614,958     Goodwill, less accumulated impairments at September30,
2009 and 2010     48,138                    48,138   
53 Table of Contents   BROOKS
AUTOMATION, INC.
NOTESTO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued   Components of the Companys identifiable intangible assets
are as follows in thousands   	
September30, 2010   September30, 2009   Accumulated
Net Book
Accumulated
Net Book
Cost   Amortization   Value   Cost   Amortization   Value   Patents     7,808     6,886     922     6,915     6,812     103   Completed technology   43,502   37,108   6,394   43,502   35,280   8,222   Trademarks and trade names   3,779   3,379   400   3,779   3,060   719   Customer relationships   18,860   15,453   3,407   18,860   13,823   5,037     73,949     62,826     11,123     73,056     58,975     14,081   During the three months ended March31, 2010, the Company
acquired certain patents and other intellectual property from an
entity that had ceased operations. This intellectual property
supports certain products in the Companys Systems Solution
Group segment. The total cost of this property was
$09million, and this cost will be amortized to cost of
sales over a ten year life.   Amortization expense for intangible assets was
$39million, $102million and $164million for
the years ended September30, 2010, 2009 and 2008,
respectively.   Estimated future amortization expense for the intangible assets
recorded by the Company as of September30, 2010 is as
follows in millions   	
Year ended September30   2011   37   2012   35   2013   16   2014   09   2015   08   Thereafter   06   
7.
Investment
in Affiliates   Joint
Ventures   The Company participates in a 50% joint venture, ULVAC
Cryogenics, Inc. UCI with ULVAC Corporation of
Chigasaki, Japan. UCI manufactures and sells cryogenic vacuum
pumps, principally to ULVAC Corporation. For the years ended
September30, 2010, 2009 and 2008, the Company recorded
income associated with UCI of $01million. For the years
ended September30, 2010, 2009 and 2008, management fee
payments received by the Company from UCI were
$07million, $06million and $09million,
respectively. For the years ended September30, 2010, 2009
and 2008, the Company incurred charges from UCI for products or
services of $03million, $04million and
$06million, respectively. At September30, 2010 and
2009 the Company owed UCI $00million in connection with
accounts payable for unpaid products and services.   The Company participates in a 50% joint venture with Yaskawa
Electric Corporation Yaskawa called Yaskawa Brooks
Automation, Inc. YBA to exclusively market and
sell Yaskawas semiconductor robotics products and
Brooks automation hardware products to semiconductor
customers in Japan. For the years ended September30, 2010,
2009 and 2008, the Company recorded income loss associated
with YBA of $01million, $04million and
$06million, respectively. For the years ended
September30, 2010, 2009 and 2008, the Company earned
revenues for sales to YBA of $135million,
$67million and $209million, respectively. The
amount due from YBA included in accounts receivable at
September30, 2010 and 2009 was $45million and
$24million, respectively. For the years ended
September30, 2010, 2009 and 2008, the Company incurred
charges from YBA for   
54 Table of Contents   BROOKS
AUTOMATION, INC.
NOTESTO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued   products and services of $02million, $06million
and $15million, respectively. At September30, 2010
and 2009 the Company owed YBA $01million and
$00million, respectively, in connection with accounts
payable for unpaid products and services.   These investments are accounted for using the equity method.
Under this method of accounting, the Company records in income
its proportionate share of the earnings of the joint ventures
with a corresponding increase in the carrying value of the
investment.   
8.
Earnings
Loss Per Share   Below is a reconciliation of weighted average common shares
outstanding for purposes of calculating basic and diluted
earnings loss per share in thousands, except per share data   	
Year Ended September30   2010   2009   2008   Net income loss attributable to Brooks Automation, Inc.     58,982     227,858        235,946     Weighted average common shares outstanding used in computing
basic earnings loss per share   63,777   62,911   64,542   Dilutive common stock options and restricted stock awards   397        Weighted average common shares outstanding for purposes of
computing diluted earnings loss per share   64,174   62,911   64,542   Basic net income loss per share attributable to Brooks
Automation, Inc. common stockholders     092     362        366     Diluted net income loss per share attributable to Brooks
Automation, Inc. common stockholders     092     362        366     Approximately 888,000, 1,456,000 and 2,092,000 options to
purchase common stock and 187,000, 1,101,000 and
1,091,000shares of restricted stock were excluded from the
computation of diluted earnings loss per share attributable to
Brooks Automation, Inc. common stockholders for the years ended
September30, 20010, 2009 and 2008, respectively, as their
effect would be anti-dilutive.   
9.
Income
Taxes   The components of the income tax provision benefit are as
follows in thousands   	
Year Ended September30   2010   2009   2008   Current   Federal     3,883        16     197   State   616   13   25   Foreign   521   614   1,011   2,746     643   1,233   Deferred   Federal          State          Foreign             2,746        643     1,233   
55 Table of Contents   BROOKS
AUTOMATION, INC.
NOTESTO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued   The components of income loss from continuing operations
before income taxes and equity in earnings losses of joint
ventures are as follows in thousands   	
Year Ended September30   2010   2009   2008   Domestic     44,956     213,687        222,193     Foreign   11,108   13,230     13,959        56,064     226,917        236,152     The differences between the income tax provision and income
taxes computed using the applicable U.S.statutory federal
tax rate is as follows in thousands   	
Year Ended September30   2010   2009   2008   Income tax provision benefit computed at federal statutory rate     19,622     79,420        82,653     State income taxes, net of federal benefit   699   1,308     766     Net operating loss carryback refund   3,899          Impairments     25,130   68,069   Foreign income taxed at different rates   1,650     1,233     2,497   Dividends   1,006   1,362   1,526   Change in deferred tax asset valuation allowance   18,423     55,211   13,697   Other   101     901   1,137     Income tax provision benefit     2,746        643     1,233   The Company does not provide for U.S.income taxes
applicable to undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries
since these earnings are indefinitely reinvested.   The significant components of the net deferred tax assets are as
follows in thousands   	
Year Ended September30   2010   2009   Accruals and reserves not currently deductible     9,739     12,256   Federal, state and foreign tax credits   18,178   19,297   Depreciation and amortization   12,352   13,143   Other assets   7,463   9,609   Net operating loss carryforwards   139,464   155,454   Inventory reserves and valuation   12,284   9,847   Deferred tax assets   199,480   219,606   Other liabilities   540   1,092   Deferred tax liabilities   540   1,092   Valuation allowance   198,940   218,514   Net deferred tax assets             Management has considered the weight of all available evidence
in determining whether a valuation allowance remains to be
required against its deferred tax assets at September30,
2010. Given the significant losses incurred in fiscal 2009 and
the overall cumulative loss history combined with uncertainties
in the global economic environment, the Company has determined
that it is more likely than not that the net deferred tax assets
will not be realized.   
56 Table of Contents   BROOKS
AUTOMATION, INC.
NOTESTO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued   The amount of the deferred tax asset considered realizable is
subject to change based on future events, including generating
taxable income in future periods. The Company continues to
assess the need for the valuation allowance at each balance
sheet date based on all available evidence.   As of September30, 2010, the Company had federal, state
and foreign net operating loss carryforwards from continuing and
discontinued operations of approximately $5506million and
federal and state research and development tax credit
carryforwards of approximately $181million available to
reduce future tax liabilities, which expire at various dates
through 2030. Included in the net operating loss carryforwards
are stock option deductions of approximately $195million.
The benefits of these tax deductions approximate
$70million of which approximately $40million will
be credited to additional paid-in capital upon being realized or
recognized.   As a result of ownership changes in previous years, the Company
performed a study and determined there was an annual limitation
on the federal net operating losses under section382 of
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended the
Internal Revenue Code. However, the Companys
utilization of those losses did not exceed the annual limitation
amount. Since any unused annual limitation may be carried over
to later years, there is no future limitation under
section382 of the Internal Revenue Code on the utilization
of the federal net operating loss carryforwards as of
September30, 2010. The Companys U.S.net
operating losses expire at various dates through 2029.   A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of the
consolidated liability for unrecognized income tax benefits
during the fiscal years ended September30, 2010, 2009 and
2008 is as follows in thousands   	
Unrecognized
Interest and
Tax Benefit   Penalties   Total   Balance at October1, 2007     13,119     1,354     14,473   Additions for tax positions of prior years   216   607   823   Additions for tax positions related to current year   291   13   304   Reduction for tax positions related to acquired entities in
prior years, offset to goodwill   1,184     226     1,410     Reductions for tax positions of prior years     205     205     Reductions from lapses in statutes of limitations   994        994     Reductions from settlements with taxing authorities   1,228     91     1,319     Foreign exchange rate adjustment   243     243   Balance at September30, 2008   10,463   1,452   11,915   Additions for tax positions of prior years   43   483   526   Additions for tax positions related to current year   228   5   233   Reduction for tax positions related to acquired entities in
prior years, offset to goodwill   41        41     Reductions for tax positions of prior years   133     169     302     Reductions from lapses in statutes of limitations   223        223     Reductions from settlements with taxing authorities   426     102     528     Foreign exchange rate adjustment   117        117     Balance at September30, 2009   9,794   1,669   11,463   Additions for tax positions of prior years   3,287   506   3,793   Additions for tax positions related to current year   468     468   
57 Table of Contents   BROOKS
AUTOMATION, INC.
NOTESTO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued   	
Unrecognized
Interest and
Tax Benefit   Penalties   Total   Reductions for tax positions of prior years   40     19     59     Reductions from lapses in statutes of limitations   413        413     Reductions from settlements with taxing authorities   193     4     197     Foreign exchange rate adjustment   87        87     Balance at September30, 2010     12,816     2,152     14,968   As of September30, 2010, 2009 and 2008, the Company had
approximately $125million, $115million and
$119million, respectively, of unrecognized tax benefits,
which if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate. As of
September30, 2010, the remaining $25million of
unrecognized tax benefits would not impact the Companys
effective rate since they are offset by valuation allowances.
The Company recognizes interest related to unrecognized benefits
as a component of tax expense, of which $04million,
$03million and $04million was recognized for the
years ended September30, 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively.   The Company is subject to U.S.federal income tax and
various state, local and international income taxes in various
jurisdictions. The amount of income taxes paid is subject to the
Companys interpretation of applicable tax laws in the
jurisdictions in which it files. In the normal course of
business, the Company is subject to examination by taxing
authorities throughout the world. The Company has income tax
audits in progress in various global jurisdictions in which it
operates. In the Companys U.S.and international
jurisdictions, the years that may be examined vary, with the
earliest tax year being 2004. Based on the outcome of these
examinations, or the expiration of statutes of limitations for
specific jurisdictions, it is reasonably possible that the
related unrecognized tax benefits could change from those
recorded in the Companys statement of financial position.
The Company currently anticipates that the unrecognized tax
benefit will be reduced by approximately $10million
during the next twelve months.   
10.
Tender
Offer of the Companys Common Stock   On November9, 2007 the Company announced that its Board of
Directors authorized a stock repurchase plan to buy up to
$2000million of the Companys outstanding common
stock. Stock repurchase transactions authorized under the plan
would occur from time to time in the open market, through block
trades or otherwise. Management and the Board of Directors
exercised discretion with respect to the timing and amount of
any shares repurchased, based on their evaluation of a variety
of factors, including market conditions. Repurchases were
commenced or suspended at any time without prior notice.
Additionally, Brooks was authorized to initiate repurchases
under a
Rule10b5-1
plan, which would permit shares to be repurchased when Brooks
would otherwise be precluded from doing so under insider-trading
laws. Any repurchased shares are available for use in connection
with its stock plans and for other corporate purposes. The
repurchase program was funded using the Companys available
cash resources. During the year ended September30, 2008,
the Company purchased 7,401,869shares of its common stock
for a total of $902million in connection with the stock
repurchase plan. This plan expired on November9, 2008, and
the Company made no repurchases under this plan during the year
ended September30, 2009.   
11.
Postretirement
Benefits   Defined
Benefit Pension Plans   On October26, 2005, the Company purchased Helix Technology
Corporation and assumed responsibility for the liabilities and
assets of the Helix Employees Pension Plan
Plan. The Plan is a final average pay pension
plan. In May 2006, the Companys Board of Directors
approved the freezing of benefit accruals and future
participation in the Plan effective October31, 2006.   58 Table of Contents   BROOKS
AUTOMATION, INC.
NOTESTO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued   The Company uses a September30thmeasurement date in
the determination of net periodic benefit costs, benefit
obligations and the value of plan assets. Additionally, the Plan
was remeasured during fiscal 2009 to reflect a $09million
settlement loss on distribution payments made to terminated
employees. The following tables set forth the funded status and
amounts recognized in the Companys consolidated balance
sheets at September30, 2010 and 2009 for the Plan in
thousands   	
Year Ended
September30   2010   2009   Benefit obligation at beginning of year     14,390     9,409   Service cost   100   100   Interest cost   775   702   Actuarial loss   1,380   6,515   Benefits paid   731     2,336     Benefit obligation at end of year     15,914     14,390   	
Year Ended
September30   2010   2009   Fair value of assets at beginning of year     5,860     8,442   Actual return loss on plan assets   657   246     Disbursements   731     2,336     Employer contributions   4,204     Fair value of assets at end of year     9,990     5,860   	
September30   2010   2009   Funded status/accrued benefit liability     5,924        8,530     The following table provides pension amounts recorded within the
account line items of the Companys consolidated balance
sheets   	
September30   2010   2009   Accrued compensation and benefits     458     617   Long-term pension liability   5,466   7,913   In addition, accumulated other comprehensive income at
September30, 2010 and 2009 includes unrecognized net
actuarial losses of $84million and $74million,
respectively. The estimated portion of net actuarial loss
remaining in accumulated other comprehensive income that is
expected to be recognized as a component of net periodic pension
cost for the year ended September30, 2011 is
$05million.   
59 Table of Contents   BROOKS
AUTOMATION, INC.
NOTESTO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued   Net periodic pension benefit cost consisted of the following
in thousands   	
Year Ended September30   2010   2009   2008   Service cost     100     100     146   Interest cost   775   702   731   Expected return on assets   604     709     906     Amortization of losses   327   89     Settlement loss     888     Net periodic pension benefit cost     598     1,070     29     Other changes in Plan assets and benefit obligations recognized
in other comprehensive loss   	
September30   2010   2009   Net loss     1,328     6,581   Amortization of net loss   327     89     Total recognized in other comprehensive income   1,001   6,492   Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other
comprehensive income     1,599     7,562   Certain information for the Plan with respect to accumulated
benefit obligations follows in thousands   	
September30   2010   2009   Projected benefit obligation     15,914     14,390   Accumulated benefit obligation   15,914   14,390   Fair value of plan assets   9,990   5,860   Weighted-average assumptions used to determine net cost at
September30, 2010, 2009 and 2008 follows   	
Year Ended September30   2010   2009   2008   Discount rate   550     712     600     Expected return on plan assets   800     800     825     Rate of compensation increase   N/A   N/A   N/A   Weighted-average assumptions used to determine the pension
obligation at September30, 2010, 2009 and 2008 follows   	
Year Ended September30   2010   2009   2008   Discount rate   475     550     712     Rate of compensation increase   N/A   N/A   N/A   The Company bases its determination of pension expense or
benefit on a market-related valuation of assets, which reduces
year-to-year
volatility. This market-related valuation recognizes investment
gains or losses over a five-year period from the year in which
they occur. Investment gains or losses for this purpose are the
difference between the expected return calculated using the
market-related value of assets and the actual return on assets.
Since the market-related value of assets recognizes gains or
losses over a five-year period, the future value of assets will
be impacted as previously deferred gains or losses are
recognized. As of September30, 2010, under the Plan, the
Company had cumulative investment losses of approximately
$13million, which remain to be recognized in the   
60 Table of Contents   BROOKS
AUTOMATION, INC.
NOTESTO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued   calculation of the market-related value of assets. The Company
also had cumulative other actuarial losses of $71million
at September20, 2010, which are amortized into net
periodic benefit costs over the average remaining service period
of active participants in the Plan.   The discount rate utilized for determining future pension
obligations for the Plan is based on the Citigroup Pension Index
adjusted for the Plans expected cash flows and was 475%
at September30, 2010, down from 550% at
September30, 2009.   The expected long term rate of return on Plan assets used to
determine future pension obligations was 650% and 800% as of
September30, 2010 and 2009, respectively. In developing
the expected return on plan assets assumption, the Company
evaluated fixed income yield curve data and equity return
assumption studies, and applied this data to the expected asset
allocation to develop an appropriate projected return on Plan
assets.   Plan
Assets   The assets of the plan are invested primarily in equity and debt
securities. The Plan investments are managed by a third party
investment manager. The performance of the investment manager is
reviewed regularly by an Investment Committee that is comprised
of members of senior management. Results for the total portfolio
and for each major category of assets are evaluated in
comparison with appropriate market indices. The investment
portfolio does not, at any time, have a direct investment in
Company stock. It may have indirect investment in Company stock,
if one of the funds selected by the investment manager invests
in Company stock. The investment manager periodically recommends
asset allocation changes to the Investment Committee. Due to the
frozen status of the Plan, the investment return objectives are
to match the investment returns with the timing of future
pension liability payments, which recently has led to increased
investments in debt securities.   The Companys weighted average asset allocation at
September30, 2010 and target allocation at
September30, 2011, by asset category is as follows   	
Percentage of
Target
Plan Assets at
Allocation at
September30,
September30,
2010   2011   Equity securities   27     30% - 50   Debt securities   56   50% - 70   Cash   17   0% - 10   100     
61 Table of Contents   BROOKS
AUTOMATION, INC.
NOTESTO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued   The fair value of pension assets by asset category and by level
at September30, 2010 were as follows in thousands   	
As of September30, 2010   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total   Fixed income securities   Short duration bond mutual funds     491          491   Intermediate duration bond mutual funds   1,561        1,561   Long-term duration bond mutual funds   3,539        3,539   Equity securities   Common stock   1,596        1,596   Small cap mutual fund   85        85   Mid cap common/collective fund     356     356   Convertible securities common/collective fund     623     623   Cash and cash equivalents   1,739        1,739   Total     9,011     979          9,990   See Note4 for a description of the levels of inputs used
to determine fair value measurements.   During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2010, the Company made
a voluntary contribution of $36million to the Plan, which
was in addition to the $06million of required minimum
contributions made throughout fiscal year 2010. The Company
expects to contribute $05million to the Plan in fiscal
2011 to meet minimum funding targets.   Expected benefit payments over the next ten years are expected
to be paid as follows in thousands   	
2011     621   2012   607   2013   622   2014   767   2015   687   2016-2020   4,143   The Company sponsors defined contribution plans that meet the
requirements of Section401k of the Internal Revenue
Code. All United States employees of the Company who meet
minimum age and service requirements are eligible to participate
in the plan. The plan allows employees to invest, on a pre-tax
basis, a percentage of their annual salary subject to statutory
limitations.   The Companys contribution expense for worldwide defined
contribution plans was $26million, $27million and
$35million for the years ended September30, 2010,
2009 and 2008, respectively.   The Company has a Supplemental Key Executive Retirement Plan
acquired with Helix which is designed to supplement benefits
paid to participants under Company-funded, tax-qualified
retirement plans. The Company did not record additional
retirement costs for the years ended September30, 2010,
2009 and 2008, in connection with this plan. At
September30, 2010 and 2009, the Company had
$01million accrued for benefits payable under the
Supplemental Key Executive Retirement Plan.   
62 Table of Contents   BROOKS
AUTOMATION, INC.
NOTESTO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued   
12.
Stockholders
Equity   Preferred
Stock   At September30, 2010 and 2009 there were one million
shares of preferred stock, $001par value per share
authorized; no shares were issued and outstanding at
September30, 2010 and 2009. Preferred stock may be issued
at the discretion of the Board of Directors without stockholder
approval with such designations, rights and preferences as the
Board of Directors may determine.   
13.
Stock
Plans   Amended
and Restated 2000 Equity Incentive Plan   The purposes of the Amended and Restated 2000 Equity Incentive
Plan the 2000 Plan, are to attract and retain
employees and to provide an incentive for them to assist the
Company to achieve long-range performance goals and to enable
them to participate in the long-term growth of the Company.
Under the 2000 Plan the Company may grant iincentive
stock options intended to qualify under Section422 of the
Internal Revenue Code, and iioptions that are not
qualified as incentive stock options nonqualified stock
options and iiistock appreciation rights,
performance awards and restricted stock. All employees of the
Company or any affiliate of the Company, independent directors,
consultants and advisors are eligible to participate in the 2000
Plan. Options under the 2000 Plan generally vest over four years
and expire seven years from the date of grant. A total of
9,000,000shares of common stock were reserved for issuance
under the 2000 Plan. As of September30, 2010, 693,249
options are outstanding and 5,173,514shares remain
available for grant.   During the year ended September30, 2010, the Company
issued 869,639shares of restricted stock or units under
the Amended and Restated 2000 Equity Incentive Plan, net of
cancellations. These restricted stock awards generally have the
following vesting schedules: immediate; two year cliff vesting;
and three year vesting in which one-third vest in Year 1,
one-third vest in Year 2 and one-third vest in Year 3.
Compensation expense related to these awards is being recognized
on a straight line basis over the vesting period, based on the
difference between the fair market value of the Companys
common stock on the date of grant and the amount received from
the employee. In addition, in fiscal 2010, the Company granted
126,500 restricted stock awards to senior management, the number
of shares ultimately issued will be measured at the end of
fiscal year 2012 and is dependent upon the achievement of
certain financial performance goals. These awards are expensed
over the related service period when attainment of the
performance condition is considered probable. The total amount
of compensation recorded will depend on the Companys
achievement of performance targets. Changes to the projected
attainment of performance targets during the vesting period may
result in an adjustment to the amount of cumulative compensation
recorded as of the date the estimate is revised.   1998
Employee Equity Incentive Plan   The purposes of the 1998 Employee Equity Incentive Plan the
1998 Plan, adopted by the Board of Directors of the
Company in April 1998, are to attract and retain employees and
provide an incentive for them to assist the Company in achieving
long-range performance goals, and to enable them to participate
in the long-term growth of the Company. All employees of the
Company, other than its officers and directors, including
contractors, consultants, service providers or others who are
in a position to contribute to the long-term success and growth
of the Company, are eligible to participate in the 1998 Plan.
Options under the 1998 Plan generally vest over a period of four
years and generally expire seven years from the date of grant.
On February26, 2003, the Board of Directors voted to
cancel and not return to the reserve any 1998 Plan forfeited
options. From February26, 2003 through September30,
2010, 3,193,760 options were forfeited due to employee
terminations. On August5, 2009, the Board of Directors
voted not to issue any further shares out of the 1998 Plan. A
total of 19,060 options are outstanding under the 1998 Plan as
of September30, 2010.   
63 Table of Contents   BROOKS
AUTOMATION, INC.
NOTESTO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued   1993
Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan   The purpose of the 1993 Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan
the Directors Plan was to attract and retain the
services of experienced and knowledgeable independent directors
of the Company. Options granted under the Directors Plan
generally vested over a period of five years and generally
expired ten years from the date of grant. A total of 10,000
options are outstanding and no shares remain available for grant
under the Directors Plan as of September30, 2010.   Stock
Options of Acquired Companies   In connection with the acquisition of Helix on October26,
2005, the Company assumed the outstanding options of multiple
stock option plans that were adopted by Helix. At acquisition,
689,622 options to purchase Helix common stock were outstanding
and converted into 765,480 options to purchase the
Companys Common Stock. A total of 87,132 options are
outstanding and 430,813shares remain available for grant
under the Helix plans as of September30, 2010. The Company
does not intend to issue any additional options under the Helix
stock option plan.   Stock
Option Activity   Aggregate stock option activity for all the above plans for the
year ended September30, 2010 is as follows   	
2010   Weighted-
Average
Aggregate
Remaining
Weighted
Intrinsic
Contractual
Average
Value In
Shares   Term   Price   Thousands   Options outstanding at beginning of year   1,189,897     1754   Exercised   2,200        857   Forfeited/expired   423,076        1505   Options outstanding at end of year   764,621   10year     1894     5   Vested and unvested expected to vest at end of year   764,506   10year     1894     5   Options exercisable at end of year   744,621   10year     1910     5   Options available for future grant   5,604,327   The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the
total intrinsic value, based on the Companys closing stock
price of $671 as of September30, 2010, which would have
been received by the option holders had all option holders
exercised their options as of that date.   No stock options were granted in fiscal 2010, 2009 or 2008. The
total intrinsic value of options exercised during fiscal 2010,
2009 and 2008 was $3,000, $0 and $35,000, respectively. The
total cash received from employees as a result of employee stock
option exercises during fiscal 2010, 2009 and 2008 was $19,000,
$0 and $392,000, respectively.   As of September30, 2010 future compensation cost related
to nonvested stock options is approximately $15,000 and will be
recognized over an estimated weighted average period of
01years.   The Company settles employee stock option exercises with newly
issued common shares.   Based on information currently available, the Company believes
that, although certain options may have been granted in
violation of its applicable option plans, those options are
valid and enforceable obligations of the Company.   
64 Table of Contents   BROOKS
AUTOMATION, INC.
NOTESTO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued   Restricted
Stock Activity   Restricted stock for the year ended September30, 2010 was
determined using the fair value method. A summary of the status
of the Companys restricted stock as of September30,
2010 and changes during the year is as follows   	
2010   Weighted
Average
Grant-Date
Shares   Fair Value   Outstanding at beginning of year   1,162,086     896   Awards granted   1,036,846   873   Awards vested   845,022     813   Awards canceled   40,707     685   Outstanding at end of year   1,313,203     940   In November 2009, the Companys Board of Directors
the Board approved the payment of performance
based variable compensation awards to certain executive
management employees related to fiscal year 2009 performance.
The Board chose to pay these awards in fully vested shares of
the Companys common stock rather than cash. The Company
granted 178,346shares based on the closing share price as
of November13, 2009. The $14million of compensation
expense related to these awards was recorded during fiscal year
2009 as selling, general and administrative expense.   The weighted average grant date fair value of restricted stock
granted during fiscal 2009 and fiscal 2008 was $428 and $1206
per share, respectively. The fair value of restricted stock
awards vested during fiscal 2010, 2009 and 2008 was
$68million, $44million and $44million,
respectively. Included in fiscal 2010 was $14million of
compensation expense related to the fiscal year 2009 variable
compensation award.   As of September30, 2010, the unrecognized compensation
cost related to nonvested restricted stock is $64million
and will be recognized over an estimated weighted average
amortization period of 15years.   1995
Employee Stock Purchase Plan   On February22, 1996, the stockholders approved the 1995
Employee Stock Purchase Plan the 1995 Plan which
enables eligible employees to purchase shares of the
Companys common stock. Under the 1995 Plan, eligible
employees may purchase up to an aggregate of
3,000,000shares during six-month offering periods
commencing on February 1 and August 1 of each year at a price
per share of 85% of the lower of the fair market value price per
share on the first or last day of each six-month offering
period. Participating employees may elect to have up to 10% of
their base pay withheld and applied toward the purchase of such
shares. The rights of participating employees under the 1995
Plan terminate upon voluntary withdrawal from the plan at any
time or upon termination of employment. As of September30,
2010, 2,520,968shares of common stock have been purchased
under the 1995 Plan and 479,032shares remain available for
purchase.   
14.
Restructuring
Costs and Accruals   Fiscal
2010 Activities   The Company recorded a charge to continuing operations of
$25million in the year ended September30, 2010 for
restructuring costs. Of this amount, $09million related
to workforce reductions and $16million related to
facility costs. The severance costs primarily include
adjustments for contingent severance arrangements for corporate
management positions eliminated in prior periods. The facility
costs include $04million to amortize the deferred
discount on multi-year facility restructuring liabilities. In
addition, the Company revised the present value   
65 Table of Contents   BROOKS
AUTOMATION, INC.
NOTESTO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued   discounting of multi-year facility related restructuring
liabilities during the first quarter of fiscal year 2010 when
certain accounting errors were identified in its prior period
financial statements that, individually and in aggregate, are
not material to its financial statements taken as a whole for
any related prior periods, and recorded a charge of
$12million. These facility charges are primarily related
to a facility exited in fiscal year 2002, for which the lease
ends in July 2011. The accruals for workforce reductions are
expected to be paid over the next twelve months.   Fiscal
2009 Activities   The Company recorded a charge to continuing operations of
$128million in the year ended September30, 2009 for
restructuring costs. Of this amount, $111million related
to workforce reductions and $06million related to costs
to vacate a manufacturing facility in the United States, and
other restructuring costs of $11million. The workforce
reductions consisted of $111million of severance costs
associated with workforce reductions of 450employees in
operations, service and administrative functions across all the
main geographies in which the Company operates. The
restructuring charges by segment for fiscal 2009 were: Critical
Solutions Group $34million, Systems Solutions
Group $41million and Global Customer
Operations $31million. In addition, the
Company incurred $22million of restructuring charges in
fiscal 2009 that were related to general corporate functions
that support all of its segments.   Fiscal
2008 Activities   The Company recorded a charge to continuing operations of
$73million in the year ended September30, 2008 for
restructuring costs. Of this amount, $68million related
to workforce reductions and $05million related to costs
to vacate excess facilities in SanJose, California and
South Korea. The workforce reductions consisted of
$68million of severance costs associated with workforce
reductions of 230employees in operations, service and
administrative functions across all the main geographies in
which the Company operates. The restructuring charges by segment
for fiscal 2008 were: Global Customer Operations
$27million, Critical Solutions Group
$09million and Systems Solutions Group
$12million. In addition, the Company incurred
$25million of restructuring charges in fiscal 2008 that
were related to general corporate functions that support all of
its segments.   The activity related to the Companys restructuring
accruals is below, which includes activity related to the
discontinued software division in thousands   	
Fiscal 2010 Activity   Balance
Balance
September30,
September30,
2009   Expense   Utilization   2010   Facilities and other     6,289     1,584     4,364        3,509   Workforce-related   1,372   945   2,317          7,661     2,529     6,681        3,509   	
Fiscal 2009 Activity   Balance
Balance
September30,
September30,
2008   Expense   Utilization   2009   Facilities     9,658     1,769     5,138        6,289   Workforce-related   3,005   11,037   12,670     1,372     12,663     12,806     17,808        7,661   
66 Table of Contents   BROOKS
AUTOMATION, INC.
NOTESTO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued   	
Fiscal 2008 Activity   Balance
Balance
September30,
September30,
2007   Expense   Utilization   2008   Facilities     12,804     540     3,686        9,658   Workforce-related   2,907   6,747   6,649     3,005     15,711     7,287     10,335        12,663   
15.
Segment
and Geographic Information   The Company reports financial results in three segments:
Critical Solutions Group; Systems Solutions Group; and Global
Customer Operations. In the second quarter of fiscal 2009 the
Company realigned its management structure and its underlying
internal financial reporting structure. The Company has
reclassified prior year data due to the changes made in its
reportable segments.   The Critical Solutions Group segment provides a variety of
products critical to technology equipment productivity and
availability. Those products include robots and robotic modules
for atmospheric and vacuum applications and cryogenic vacuum
pumping, thermal management and vacuum measurement solutions
used to create, measure and control critical process vacuum
applications.   The Systems Solutions Group segment provides a range of products
and engineering and manufacturing services, which include the
Companys Extended Factory services. The Companys
Extended Factory product offering provides services to build
equipment front-end modules and other subassemblies which enable
its customers to effectively develop and source high quality and
high reliability process tools for semiconductor and adjacent
market applications.   The Global Customer Operations segment provides an extensive
range of support services including on and off-site repair
services, on and off-site diagnostic support services, and
installation services to enable the Companys customers to
maximize process tool uptime and productivity. This segment also
provides services and spare parts for certain legacy products.   The Company evaluates performance and allocates resources based
on revenues, operating income loss and returns on invested
assets. Operating income loss for each segment includes
selling, general and administrative expenses directly
attributable to the segment. Other unallocated corporate
expenses primarily certain legal costs associated with the
Companys past equity incentive-related practices and costs
to indemnify a former executive in connection with these
matters, amortization of acquired intangible assets excluding
completed technology and restructuring, goodwill, and
long-lived asset impairment charges are excluded from the
segments operating income loss. The Companys
non-allocable overhead costs, which include various general and
administrative expenses, are allocated among the segments based
upon various cost drivers associated with the respective
administrative function, including segment revenues, segment
headcount, or an analysis of the segments that benefit from a
specific administrative function. Segment assets exclude
investments in joint ventures, marketable securities and cash
equivalents.   67 Table of Contents   BROOKS
AUTOMATION, INC.
NOTESTO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued   Financial information for the Companys business segments
is as follows in thousands   	
Critical
Systems
Global
Solutions
Solutions
Customer
Group   Group   Operations   Total   Year ended September30, 2010   Revenues   Product     242,236     286,588     3,350     532,174   Services        60,798   60,798     242,236     286,588     64,148     592,972   Gross profit     94,339     57,969     13,987     166,295   Segment operating income loss     33,311     21,951     2,979        52,283   Depreciation     5,801     5,942     2,820     14,563   Assets     162,851     127,694     47,451     337,996   Year ended September30, 2009   Revenues   Product     95,414     69,914     2,224     167,552   Services        51,154   51,154     95,414     69,914     53,378     218,706   Gross profit loss     14,460     3,171        3,639     14,928   Segment operating loss     40,818        38,879        16,984        96,681     Depreciation     4,912     6,256     4,474     15,642   Assets     138,930     70,537     56,007     265,474   Year ended September30, 2008   Revenues   Product     252,571     197,149     6,702     456,422   Services        69,944   69,944     252,571     197,149     76,646     526,366   Gross profit     85,379     32,573     8,876     126,828   Segment operating income loss     17,380     22,215        10,914        15,749     Depreciation     5,903     8,137     4,136     18,176   Assets     203,626     119,029     126,629     449,284   A reconciliation of the Companys reportable segment gross
profit to the corresponding consolidated amounts for the years
ended September30, 2010, 2009 and 2008 is as follows in
thousands   	
2010   2009   2008   Segment gross profit from continuing operations     166,295     14,928     126,828   Impairment of long-lived assets     20,924        Total gross profit loss from continuing operations     166,295     5,996        126,828   
68 Table of Contents   BROOKS
AUTOMATION, INC.
NOTESTO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued   A reconciliation of the Companys reportable segment
operating income loss and segment assets to the corresponding
consolidated amounts as of and for the years ended
September30, 2010, 2009 and 2008 is as follows in
thousands   	
As of and for the Year Ended
September30   2010   2009   2008   Segment operating income loss from continuing operations     52,283     96,681        15,749     Other unallocated corporate expenses   778   6,592   3,819   Amortization of acquired intangible assets   1,969   4,637   7,044   Impairment of goodwill     71,800   197,883   Impairment of long-lived assets     35,512   5,687   Restructuring charges   2,529   12,806   7,287   Total operating income loss from continuing operations     47,007     228,028        237,469     Segment assets     337,996     265,474     449,284   Investments in cash equivalents, marketable securities, joint
ventures and other unallocated corporate net assets   180,228   147,728   205,582   Insurance receivable     120   8,772   Total assets     518,224     413,322     663,638   Net revenues based upon the source of the order by geographic
area are as follows in thousands   	
Year Ended September30   2010   2009   2008   North America     322,542     115,734     340,214   Asia/Pacific   203,172   68,393   108,786   Europe   67,258   34,579   77,366     592,972     218,706     526,366   Long-lived assets, consisting of property, plant and equipment
by geographic area are as follows in thousands   	
Year Ended September30   2010   2009   2008   North America     60,263     71,363     76,306   Asia/Pacific   3,076   3,084   4,835   Europe   330   346   463     63,669     74,793     81,604   
16.
Significant
Customers   The Company had three customers that each accounted for more
than 10% of revenues in the year ended September30, 2010.
The Company had one customer that accounted for more than 10% of
revenues in the year ended September30, 2009. The Company
had two customers that each accounted for more than 10% of
revenues in the year ended September30, 2008. The Company
had one customer that accounted for more than 10% of its
accounts receivable balance at September30, 2010 and 2009.   
69 Table of Contents   BROOKS
AUTOMATION, INC.
NOTESTO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued   
17.
Other
Balance Sheet Information   Components of other selected captions in the Consolidated
Balance Sheets are as follows in thousands   	
September30   2010   2009   Accounts receivable     92,764     39,147   Less allowance for doubtful accounts   491   719     92,273     38,428   The allowance for doubtful accounts activity for the years ended
September30, 2010, 2009 and 2008 were as follows in
thousands   	
Balance at
Reversals of
Balance at
Beginning of
Bad Debt 
Write-offs and
End of 
Description   Period   Provisions   Expense   Adjustments   Period   2010 Allowance for doubtful accounts     719     125     192        161        491   2009 Allowance for doubtful accounts   1,366   419     1,066     719   2008 Allowance for doubtful accounts   1,469   720   255     568     1,366   	
September30   2010   2009   Inventories, net   Raw materials and purchased parts     79,972     65,815   Work-in-process   22,392   13,588   Finished goods   13,423   5,335     115,787     84,738   Reserves for excess and obsolete inventory were
$238million, $277million and $183million at
September30, 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. The
Company recorded additions to reserves for excess and obsolete
inventory of $23million, $128million and
$49million in fiscal 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively.
The Company reduced the reserves for excess and obsolete
inventory by $60million, $30million and
$63million, in fiscal 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively,
for disposals of inventory.   
70 Table of Contents   BROOKS
AUTOMATION, INC.
NOTESTO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued   The Company provides for the estimated cost of product
warranties, primarily from historical information, at the time
product revenue is recognized and retrofit accruals at the time
retrofit programs are established. While the Company engages in
extensive product quality programs and processes, including
actively monitoring and evaluating the quality of its component
suppliers, the Companys warranty obligation is affected by
product failure rates, utilization levels, material usage,
service delivery costs incurred in correcting a product failure,
and supplier warranties on parts delivered to the Company.
Product warranty and retrofit activity on a gross basis for the
years ended September30, 2010, 2009 and 2008 is as follows
in thousands   	
Balance at September30, 2007     10,986   Accruals for warranties during the year   10,344   Settlements made during the year   13,156     Balance at September30, 2008   8,174   Accruals for warranties during the year   8,534   Settlements made during the year   11,010     Balance at September30, 2009   5,698   Accruals for warranties during the year   17,948   Settlements made during the year   15,451     Balance at September30, 2010     8,195   
18.
Commitments
and Contingencies   Lease
Commitments   The Company leases manufacturing and office facilities and
certain equipment under operating leases that expire through
2016. Rental expense under operating leases, excluding expense
recorded as a component of restructuring, for the years ended
September30, 2010, 2009 and 2008 was $47million,
$48million and $54million, respectively. Future
minimum lease commitments on non-cancelable operating leases,
lease income and sublease income are as follows in thousands   	
Operating
Sublease
Leases   Income   Year ended September30, 2011     10,884     1,442   2012   4,860   4   2013   4,702     2014   4,090     2015   2,489     Thereafter   598        27,623     1,446   These future minimum lease commitments include approximately
$47million related to facilities the Company has elected
to abandon in connection with its restructuring initiatives. In
addition, the Company is a guarantor on a lease in Mexico that
expires in January 2013. As of September30, 2010, the
remaining payments under this lease are approximately
$09million.   At September30, 2010, the Company had $03million of
outstanding letters of credit.   
71 Table of Contents   BROOKS
AUTOMATION, INC.
NOTESTO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued   Purchase
Commitments   The Company has non-cancelable contracts and purchase orders for
inventory of $907million at September30, 2010.   Contingencies   On August22, 2006, an action captioned as Mark
Levyv. Robert J. Therrien and Brooks Automation, Inc.,
was filed in the United States District Court for the District
of Delaware, seeking recovery, on behalf of Brooks, from
Mr.Therrien the Companys former Chairman and CEO
under Section16b of the Exchange Act for alleged
short-swing profits earned by Mr.Therrien due
to the loan and stock option exercise in November 1999, and a
sale by Mr.Therrien of Brooks stock in March 2000. The
complaint seeks disgorgement of all profits earned by
Mr.Therrien on the transactions, attorneys fees and
other expenses. On February20, 2007, a second
Section16b action, concerning the same loan and stock
option exercise in November 1999 discussed above and seeking the
same remedy, was filed in the United States District Court of
the District of Delaware, captioned Aron Rosenbergv.
Robert J. Therrien and Brooks Automation, Inc. On
April4, 2007, the court issued an order consolidating the
Levy and Rosenberg actions. On July14, 2008,
the court denied Mr.Therriens motion to dismiss this
action. Discovery has commenced in this matter. The parties have
also been engaged in discussions to seek a settlement of the
case, and those discussions continue. Brooks is a nominal
defendant in the consolidated action and any recovery in this
action, less attorneys fees, would go to the Company.   
72 Table of Contents   
Item 1.   Business   3   Item 1A.   Risk Factors   8   Item 1B.   Unresolved Staff Comments   13   Item 2.   Properties   13   Item 3.   Legal Proceedings   13   Item 4.
Controls
and Procedures   Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   Under the supervision and with the participation of our
management, including our chief executive officer and chief
financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure
controls and procedures, as such term is defined under
Rule13a-15e
promulgated under the Exchange Act. Disclosure controls and
procedures are designed to ensure that information required to
be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported on
a timely basis and that such information is accumulated and
communicated to management, including the chief executive
officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based upon this
evaluation, our chief executive officer and our chief financial
officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
were effective as of the end of the period covered by this
annual report.   Managements
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal
control over financial reporting is defined in
Rules13a-15f
and
15d-15f
under the Exchange Act, as a process designed by, or under the
supervision of our chief executive and chief financial officers
and effected by our board of directors, management and other
personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles and includes those
policies and procedures that   
pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and disposition
of our assets   
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and
that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in
accordance with authorization of our management and
directors;and   
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our
assets that could have a material effect on the financial
statements.   Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over
financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods
are subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.   Under the supervision and with the participation of our
management, including our chief executive officer and chief
financial officer, we conducted an assessment of the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
as of September30, 2010. In making this assessment, we
used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO an Internal
Control-Integrated Framework. Based on our assessment, we
concluded that, as of September30, 2010, our internal
control over financial reporting was effective.   The effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting as of September30, 2010 has been audited by
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public
accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein.   
73 Table of Contents   Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   There were no changes in internal control over financial
reporting during the fiscal fourth quarter ended
September30, 2010, that have materially affected, or are
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting.   
Item 1.   Business   3   Item 1A.   Risk Factors   8   Item 1B.   Unresolved Staff Comments   13   Item 2.   Properties   13   Item 3.   Legal Proceedings   13   Item 4.
Directors,
Executive Officers and Corporate Governance   The information required by this Item10 is hereby
incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement to
be filed by us within 120days after the close of our
fiscal year.   
