Item 8. Financial Statements And Supplementary Data
- 
DVD consolidated financial statements and the Independent Auditors'
Report included in this report are shown on the Index to Consolidated Financial
Statements on page 22.
17 Item 4. Submission Of Matters To A Vote Of Security Holders
- 
None.
5                   Part II
Item 5. Directors And Executive Officers Of The Registrant
- 
Except as presented below, the information called for by this Item 10
is incorporated by reference to the DVD Proxy Statement to be filed pursuant to
Regulation 14A for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on May 22,
2002.
Executive Officers of the Registrant. As of December 31, 2001, the executive
officers of the registrant were Name          Position             Age   Term of Office
-                           Klaus M. Belohoubek  Vice President-General Counsel  42   7/99 to date
and Secretary
Robert M. Comollo   Treasurer             54   11/81 to date
Timothy R. Horne    Vice President-Finance and    35   11/96 to date
Chief Financial Officer
Denis McGlynn     President and           56   11/79 to date
Chief Executive Officer
Edward J. Sutor    Executive Vice President     52   3/99 to date     Klaus M. Belohoubek has been Vice President-General Counsel and
Secretary since 1999 and has represented the Company in various capacities since
1990. Mr. Belohoubek will also serve as Vice President-General Counsel and
Secretary of Gaming & Entertainment immediately following the spin-off. Mr.
Belohoubek also has served as Vice President-General Counsel and Secretary to
Rollins Truck Leasing Corp.
Robert M. Comollo has been employed by the Company for 21 years, of
which 20 years have been in the capacity of Treasurer. Mr. Comollo will also
serve as Treasurer of Gaming & Entertainment immediately following the spin-off.
Timothy R. Horne became Vice President-Finance and Chief Financial
Officer in November of 1996. Mr. Horne was previously employed by KPMG LLP. Mr.
Horne will also serve as Vice President-Finance and Chief Financial Officer of
Gaming & Entertainment immediately following the spin-off.
Denis McGlynn has served as the Company President and Chief Executive
Officer for 22 years. Mr. McGlynn will also serve as President and Chief
Executive Officer to Gaming & Entertainment immediately following the spin-off.
Edward J. Sutor became Executive Vice President in March of 1999. From
1983 until 1999, Mr. Sutor served as Senior Vice President of Finance at Caesars
Atlantic City. Mr. Sutor will work exclusively for Gaming & Entertainment
immediately following the spin-off as its Executive Vice President.
The Company Chairman of the Board, Henry B. Tippie, is a non-employee
director and, therefore, not an executive officer of the Company. Mr. Tippie has
served DVD in that capacity, or as Vice Chairman of the Board, for over 5 years.
Mr. Tippie will also serve as Chairman of the Board to Gaming & Entertainment as
a non-employee director immediately following the spin-off.
18 