Item 8. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
The information required by this Item is set forth in the Company 1996
Annual Report to Shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
The Company currently is not a party to any pending legal proceedings, other
than ordinary routine litigation incidental to its business.
Item 4. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
The information required by this Item is set forth under the headings Election
of Directors-Information Concerning Director Nominees of the Company Proxy
Statement for the 1997 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated
herein by reference. The following information with respect to the executive
officers of the Company on February 28, 1997, is included pusuant to
Instruction 3 of Item 401 b of Regulation S-K.
MANAGEMENT
Executive Officers
The following table sets forth certain information regarding the Company
executive officers, including their respective ages.     NAME        AGE            POSITION
Paul H. Duynhouwer     62   President and Chief Executive Officer and Director
Michael A. DiRaimondo   39   Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Richard L. Burkemper    48   Senior Vice President, Sales/Marketing
Brenda J. Stehle      51   Senior Vice President, Operations PAUL H. DUYNHOUWER became President, Chief Executive Officer, and a Director
of INTRAV in January 1997. He has served as President of Clipper Cruise
Line since 1989 and will retain this position in addition to his
responsibilities at INTRAV. Prior to joining Clipper as Vice President of
Marketing and Sales in 1992, Mr. Duynhouwer held executive positions at
Holland-America in New York, Creative World Travel and Royal Cruise Line in
San Francisco and Costa Line in New York.
MICHAEL A. DIRAIMONDO has served as Senior Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer since March 1995. Mr. DiRaimondo primary responsibility
as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer is to coordinate and
supervise the provision of information and administrative support to INTRAV
personnel, to improve service to travelers and to maximize use of Company
resources. Mr. DiRaimondo served as Controller of the Company from June
1987 to May 1990, as Vice President, Finance from May 1990 to June 1993, and
as Senior Vice President, Finance and Administration from June 1993 to March
1995. Mr. DiRaimondo joined the Company in April 1985 as Accounting
Manager. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. DiRaimondo was employed by Ernst
& Young formerly Ernst & Whinney for approximately six years, where his
last position was Audit Manager.
RICHARD L. BURKEMPER has served as Senior Vice President, Sales/Marketing
since March 1985. Mr. Burkemper primary responsibility as Senior Vice
President, Sales/Marketing is to coordinate and supervise the sales and
promotion of the Company travel programs. Mr. Burkemper joined the
Company in June 1983 as a Regional Vice President of Sales, was promoted to
Vice President, Marketing in July 1984 and served in that capacity until his
appointment as Senior Vice President, Sales/Marketing. Prior to joining the
Company, Mr. Burkemper was employed by Creative Data Services and served as
its Vice President, Marketing from August 1978 to June 1983.
BRENDA J. STEHLE has served as Senior Vice President, Operations since
April 1990. Ms. Stehle primary responsibility as Senior Vice President,
Operations is to supervise and direct the design, development and operation
of the Company travel programs. Ms. Stehle served as Vice President,
Transportation of the Company from October 1980 to April 1990. Ms. Stehle
joined the Company in October 1979 as Director, Transportation, was promoted
to Vice President, Transportation in October 1980 and served in that capacity
until her appointment as Senior Vice President, Operations. Prior to joining
the Company, Ms. Stehle was employed by Maritz Travel Company for
approximately ten years, where her last position was as Director,
Transportation, and by Delta Airlines for approximately four years.
