Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
The financial statements, together with the report thereon of Price
Waterhouse LLP dated February 17, 1997, appearing on pages 18 to 28 of the 1996
Annual Report are incorporated herein by reference. Item 3. Legal Proceedings
The Company is not involved in any material legal proceedings, nor is the
property of the Company the subject of any such proceedings.
Item 4. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant
Executive Officers of the Registrant
The names of the Company executive officers and certain information
about them are set forth below as of March 21, 1997       Name      Age            Position
Richard M. Epstein 40   Managing  Director of Male Healthcare
Programs
Stephen A. Guida  46   Vice President, Marketing and Sales
Robert C. Lorette  45   Vice President, Corporate Development
Neil J. Magner   41   Vice President, Manufacturing
Joanne H. Moon   45   Managing Director of Continence Care
Paul J. Murphy   48   Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
John G. Simon    34   Chairman of the Board of Directors,
President, and Chief Executive Officer
Alan I. West    49   Managing Director of Female Healthcare
Programs
Carl J. Wisnosky  48   Vice President, Research and Development
RICHARD M. EPSTEIN joined the Company as Managing Director of Male
Healthcare Programs in October 1996. Prior to joining the Company, he served as
Vice President Sales, Marketing and Business Development for Nextran, an
affiliate of Baxter Healthcare. Mr. Epstein helped create Nextran during his ten
years with Baxter Healthcare where he also held positions as Director of the
Transplant Business and Director of Advanced Product and New Business
Development. Mr. Epstein holds a B.S. from the University of Illinois, an M.S.
from Stanford University and an M.B.A. from the University of Chicago.
STEPHEN A. GUIDA joined the Company in September 1995 as Vice President,
Marketing and Sales, with over 22 years of domestic and international marketing
experience. From May 1994 to August 1995, Mr. Guida was Vice President,
Marketing and Sales, for IQ Now Corporation, a developer and marketer of health
care information                    -42 services. Prior to joining IQ Now, Mr. Guida held several senior sales and
marketing positions, including Vice President, Worldwide Strategic Marketing,
and Vice President, U.S. Marketing and Sales at Allergan Medical Optics, a
division of Allergan, Inc., a global eye care company. Mr. Guida holds a B.S.
from the University of South Carolina and an M.B.A. from Pepperdine University.
ROBERT C. LORETTE joined the Company in February 1996 as Vice President,
Corporate Development, with over 18 years of legal and business experience. From
1985 to 1995, Mr. Lorette was employed by Bausch & Lomb Incorporated, a
diversified healthcare and optics company, where he held the positions of Vice
President and General Manager, Specialty Products for the Charles River
Laboratories Division; Vice President and General Manager of the Criterion
Vision business unit; and Senior Counsel in the Law Department. From 1978 to
1987, he practiced law in Connecticut. Mr. Lorette holds an A.B. from the
College of the Holy Cross and a J.D. and an M.P.A. from Syracuse University.
NEIL J. MAGNER joined the Company in October 1994 as Director of
Manufacturing. In September 1996 he was promoted to Vice President,
Manufacturing. Prior to joining the Company he was employed from 1979 through
1994 by Millipore Corporation, a manufacturer of pharmaceutical and
microelectronics filters and systems. There he held various manufacturing
management positions, most recently serving as the Plant Manager of the Process
Systems Division. Mr. Magner holds a B.A. from Merrimack College and an M.S.
from Lesley College.
JOANNE H. MOON joined the Company in May 1991 as Vice President,
Operations, with over 23 years of manufacturing experience. In September 1996
she was promoted to Managing Director of Continence Care. From 1978 to 1991, Ms.
Moon was employed by the U.S.C.I. Division of Bard, a manufacturer of
cardiovascular medical devices, where she held the positions of Plant Manager,
Director of Manufacturing and Director of Quality Assurance. Ms. Moon holds a
B.A. from Upsala College.
PAUL J. MURPHY joined the Company in June 1994 as Chief Financial Officer
and Treasurer. Previously, he served as Vice President, Finance and Treasurer of
Xyplex, Inc., a local area network company, from 1986 to 1994 and as Chief
Financial Officer from 1990 to 1994. He served as Vice President, Finance of
Ztel, Inc. from 1985 to 1986 and as Vice President, Finance of Lexidata
Corporation from 1979 to 1985. Mr. Murphy holds a B.S. from Brooklyn College and
an M.B.A. from the Harvard Graduate School of Business Administration.
JOHN G. SIMON is the founder of UroMed and has served as President, Chief
Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company since
inception in 1990. Prior to founding the Company, Mr. Simon served as an
associate at Highland Capital Partners, L.P., a venture capital firm, from 1988
to 1990, and as a research associate at Charles River Ventures, a venture
capital firm, from 1985 to 1987. He was also the Vice President of Marketing and
Sales for Adaptive Networks Inc. from 1987 to 1988. Mr. Simon holds a B.A. from
Harvard University and received a second B.A. from Oxford University while on a
Rhodes Scholarship.                    -43    ALAN I. WEST joined the Company in February 1996 as Managing Director of
Female Healthcare Programs, bringing with him twenty years of medical product
development experience. Most recently, he was Business Manager of Vision
Sciences, an endoscopy company. Previously, he joined Boston Scientific
Corporation Microvasive division, and he left there in 1990 as Vice President
of Research and Development. From 1976 to 1981, he worked in research and
development at the Codman division of Johnson & Johnson and as Marketing Manager
of a small company involved in biomechanics, sports medicine and sensors. Mr.
West holds a B.S. from Brown University and an M.S. from Tufts University.
CARL J. WISNOSKY joined the Company as Vice President, Research and
Development in April 1993. Prior to joining the Company, he was employed from
1986 to 1993 by Smith & Nephew Dyonics, Inc., a manufacturer of surgical
instruments and medical supplies, where he held a number of positions, most
recently serving as the Vice President, Research and Development and prior to
that as Vice President, Operations. Mr. Wisnosky holds a B.S. and an M.S. from
the New Jersey Institute of Technology.
Information relating to the Directors of the Company will be set forth 
in the sections entitled Election of Directors, Background of Directors 
and Director Compensation on pages 3, 4 and 8 of the 1997 Proxy Statement, 
which sections are incorporated herein by reference. Information relating to 
compliance with Section 16a of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 will be 
set forth in the section entitled Reports of Beneficial Ownership on page 
11 of the 1997 Proxy Statement, which section is incorporated herein by 
reference.
