Item8. of this Form10-K have been reclassified to
reflect Meridian, the Communications Services business and the
Channel Revenue business as part of continuing operations for
all periods presented. In addition, Logistics Management
Services, a unit that was closed within Communications Services,
and French Taxation Services have been presented as discontinued 1 Table of Contents operations in the Companys Consolidated
Financial Statements for all periods presented. Unless
specifically stated, all financial and statistical information
contained herein is presented with respect to continuing
operations only. The following discussion includes
forward-looking statements within the meaning of the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These
forward-looking statements are at times identified by words such
as plans, intends, expects,
or anticipates and words of similar effect and
include statements regarding the Companys financial and
operating plans and goals. These forward-looking statements
include any statements that cannot be assessed until the
occurrence of a future event or events. Actual results may
differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking
statements due to a variety of factors, including but not
limited to those discussed herein and below under Risk
Factors. The Recovery Audit Industry Businesses with substantial volumes of payment
transactions involving multiple vendors, numerous discounts and
allowances, fluctuating prices and complex pricing arrangements
find it difficult to detect all payment errors. Although these
businesses process the vast majority of payment transactions
correctly, a small number of errors occur principally because of
communication failures between the purchasing and accounts
payable departments, complex pricing arrangements, personnel
turnover and changes in information and accounting systems.
These errors include, but are not limited to, missed or
inaccurate discounts, allowances and rebates, vendor pricing
errors and duplicate payments. In the aggregate, these
transaction errors can represent meaningful lost profits that
can be particularly significant for businesses with relatively
narrow profit margins. For example, the Company believes that a
typical U.S. retailer makes payment errors that are not
discovered internally, which in the aggregate can range from
several hundred thousand dollars to more than $10million
per billion dollars of revenues. Although some businesses routinely maintain
internal recovery audit departments assigned to recover selected
types of payment errors and identify opportunities to reduce
costs, independent recovery audit firms are often retained as
well due to their specialized knowledge and focused technologies. In the U.S., Canada, the United Kingdom and
Mexico, large retailers routinely engage independent recovery
audit firms as standard business practice, and businesses in
other industries are increasingly using independent recovery
audit firms. Outside the U.S., Canada, the United Kingdom and
Mexico, the Company believes that large retailers and many other
types of businesses are also increasingly engaging independent
recovery audit firms. Businesses are increasing the use of technology
to manage complex accounts payable systems and realize greater
operating efficiencies. Many businesses worldwide communicate
with vendors electronically to exchange inventory and sales
data, transmit purchase orders, submit invoices, forward
shipping and receiving information and remit payments. These
paperless transactions are widely referred to as Electronic Data
Interchange, or EDI, and implementation of this
technology is maturing. EDI, which typically is carried out
using private, proprietary networks, streamlines processing
large numbers of transactions, but does not eliminate payment
errors because operator input errors may be replicated
automatically in thousands of transactions. EDI systems
typically generate significantly more individual transaction
details in electronic form, making these transactions easier to
audit than traditional paper-based accounts payable systems.
Recovery audit firms, however, require sophisticated technology
in order to audit EDI accounts payable processes effectively. The Company believes that procurement
technologies involving the Internet will significantly enhance
recovery audit opportunities in both the short-term and
long-term. In the short-term, Extensible Markup Language
XML, a set of rules for defining and sharing
document types over the Internet, provides a communications
framework, but data type definitions are still needed for many
industries. Until data type definitions are widely established,
the Company believes that errors due to inconsistent data
treatments may be prevalent and may present transitional
recovery opportunities. 2 Table of Contents In the longer term, the Company believes that XML
may be utilized by businesses both large and small whereas EDI
use has primarily been confined to larger business entities and
their suppliers. If the use of XML does become pervasive, it may
become economical for the Company to provide services to
businesses smaller than those currently served due to the
availability of electronic data bases of individual procurement
transactions which could then be audited electronically.
Presently, many small and mid-sized businesses still procure
large portions of their goods and services using paper-based
documents that are not as cost effective to audit as those in an
electronic format. The Company believes that many businesses are
increasingly outsourcing internal recovery functions to
independent recovery audit firms. Factors contributing to this
trend include the following   
a need for significant investments in technology,
especially in an EDI environment, which the Company believes are
greater than even large businesses can often justify;
an inability to duplicate the breadth of industry
and auditing expertise of independent recovery audit firms;
a desire to focus limited resources on core
competencies; and
a desire for larger and more timely recoveries.
The domestic and international recovery audit
industry for accounts payable services is characterized by the
Company, the worldwide leader providing services to clients in
over 40 countries, and numerous smaller competitors who
typically do not possess multi-country service capabilities.
Many smaller recovery audit firms lack the centralized resources
or broad client base to support technology investments required
to provide comprehensive recovery audit services for large,
complex accounts payable systems. These firms are less equipped
to audit large EDI accounts payable systems. In addition,
because of limited resources, most of these firms subcontract
work to third parties and may lack experience and the knowledge
of national promotions, seasonal allowances and current recovery
audit practices. As a result, the Company believes that it has
significant opportunities due to its national and international
presence, well-trained and experienced professionals, and
advanced technology. The Acquisitions of the Businesses of Howard
Schultz Associates International, Inc. and
Affiliates On January24, 2002, the Company acquired
substantially all the assets and assumed certain liabilities of
Howard Schultz Associates International, Inc.
HSA-Texas, substantially all of the outstanding
stock of HSA International Pte Ltd. and all of the
outstanding stock of Howard Schultz Associates Asia
Limited, Howard Schultz Associates Australia, Inc. and
Howard Schultz Associates Canada, Inc., each an
affiliated foreign operating company of HSA-Texas, pursuant to
an amended and restated agreement and plan of reorganization by
and among PRG-Schultz, HSA-Texas, Howard Schultz, Andrew H.
Schultz and certain trusts dated December11, 2001 the
Asset Agreement and an amended and restated
agreement and plan of reorganization by and among PRG-Schultz,
Howard Schultz, Andrew H. Schultz, Andrew H. Schultz Irrevocable
Trust and Leslie Schultz dated December11, 2001 the
Stock Agreement. Pursuant to the Asset and Stock Agreements, the
consideration paid for the assets of HSA-Texas and affiliates
was 14,759,970 unregistered shares of the Companys common
stock and the assumption of certain HSA-Texas liabilities. In
addition, options to purchase approximately 11million
shares of the Companys common stock were issued in
exchange for outstanding HSA-Texas options. The Companys
available domestic cash balances and senior bank credit facility
were used to fund closing costs related to the acquisitions of
the businesses of HSA-Texas and affiliates and to repay certain
indebtedness of HSA-Texas and affiliates. In connection with the acquisitions of the
businesses of HSA-Texas and affiliates, the Company changed its
name to PRG-Schultz International, Inc. 3 Table of Contents The PRG-Schultz Solution The Company provides its domestic and
international clients with comprehensive recovery audit services
by using sophisticated proprietary technology and advanced
techniques and methodologies, and by employing highly trained,
experienced industry specialists. As a result, the Company
believes it is able to identify significantly more payment
errors and expense containment opportunities than its clients
are able to identify through their internal audit capabilities
or than many of its competitors are able to identify. The Companys technology provides uniform
platforms for its auditors to offer consistent and proven audit
techniques and methodologies based on a clients size,
industry or geographic scope of operations. The Company is a
leader in developing and utilizing sophisticated software audit
tools and techniques that enhance the identification and
recovery of payment errors. By leveraging its technology
investment across a large client base, the Company is able to
continue developing proprietary software tools and expand its
technology leadership in the recovery audit industry. The Company is also a leader in establishing new
recovery audit practices to reflect evolving industry trends.
The Companys auditors are highly trained and many have
joined the Company from finance-related management positions in
the industries the Company serves. To support its auditors, the
Company provides data processing, marketing, training and
administrative services. In addition, the Company believes it
differentiates itself from many of its competitors with its
client engagement methodologies, its expertise with respect to
managing vendor relationships and its specialty services
offerings in areas of direct-to-store-delivery
DSDaudits, media audits, real estate audits,
freight-related vendor compliance audits, and document imaging
and management technology. The PRG-Schultz Strategy The Companys objective is to build on its
position as the leading worldwide provider of recovery audit
services. Its strategy to achieve this objective consists of the
following elements   
Focus on the Companys Core Accounts
Payable Services Business. In March
2001, the Company formalized a strategic realignment initiative
designed to enhance its financial position and clarify its
investment and operating strategy by focusing on the core
Accounts Payable Services business. The Company believes that
this business will provide a greater return on investment and
higher growth than other opportunities outside of accounts
payable services. As a result, the Company divested certain
non-core businesses in 2001 and separated the remaining non-core
businesses into a discrete reporting segment entitled Other
Ancillary Services. The Company also believes that it has
significantly strengthened its accounts payable business through
the January 2002 acquisitions of the businesses of HSA-Texas and
affiliates, formerly the Companys principal competitor in
this business.
Continue to grow the Domestic Accounts Payable
Services Business. Although the
Company is by far the largest domestic provider of accounts
payable services, there is still a large number of potential
clients in the U.S. that either do not currently utilize outside
accounts payable recovery audit service providers, or do utilize
such services but obtain them from the Companys
competitors. The Companys sales and marketing
professionals are continuously working to secure new clients.
Additionally, the Company intends to capitalize on continuing
advancements in data communications technology to grow its
domestic Accounts Payable Services business. The Companys
existing and potential clients are increasingly capable of
providing more data to use in the recovery audit process. In the
past, access to more data has enabled the Company to broaden the
scope of its audits and to increase the level of recoveries from
these audits. Another area of focus for the Company is to reduce
or eliminate client-imposed restrictions in the scope of the
Companys work. Many clients currently restrict the
population of suppliers the Company is permitted to audit or
claim types the Company is permitted to pursue. To the extent
the Company is successful in having these restrictions lifted,
its revenues should proportionately grow. In addition, the
Company intends to utilize enhanced proprietary technologies to
eventually pursue new small and mid-sized clients which
historically, due to technology constraints, the Company has not
been able to service in a profitable manner.
4 Table of Contents   
Expand International Operations.
To date, many large international
retailers and other international businesses have not utilized
recovery audit services to the same extent as similar firms
based in the U.S., Canada, the United Kingdom and Mexico.
However, the Company believes that many international businesses
are increasingly engaging independent recovery audit firms. The
Company intends to focus its resources on pursuing potential
international clients in geographic regions that it believes
offer the greatest potential return on investment. The Company
also intends to capitalize on its leading worldwide presence to
provide greater recovery audit services to multi-national
companies with significant and expanding international
operations. An additional area of international growth emphasis
is working with clients to obtain increasingly greater types and
quantities of electronic purchase data, and to reduce
client-imposed restrictions on the scope of the Companys
work. Electronic purchase data availability and scope
restrictions are among the greatest international challenges the
Company faces, but are also believed to present the greatest
near-term opportunities for international revenue growth.
Promote Outsourcing Arrangements.
The Company seeks to capitalize on the
growing trend of businesses to outsource internal recovery audit
and expense containment efforts. Due to factors including the
growing complexity and volume of business transactions and the
development of dynamic purchasing markets, the Company believes
that its clients benefit significantly from these outsourcing
arrangements because the Companys expertise allows it to
generally complete its audits more quickly, identify larger
claims and execute on cost-saving opportunities more efficiently
than internal recovery audit departments. The Company further
believes that as clients continue to upgrade their systems,
outsourcing arrangements involving recovery audit work will
become increasingly prevalent due in part to the sophisticated
technology necessary to identify errors.
Maintain High Client Retention Rates.
The Company has historically
maintained very high rates of client retention. The Company
intends to maintain and improve its high client retention rates
by continuing to provide comprehensive recovery audit services
and utilizing highly trained auditors, and by continuing to
refine its advanced audit methodologies and employing
client-centered business approaches to better understand client
needs and configure the appropriate service model to meet them.
Maintain Technology Leadership.
The Company believes its proprietary
technology provides a significant competitive advantage over
both its principal competitors and its clients in-house
recovery audit departments. The Company has a dedicated audit
development staff responsible for interfacing with both field
audit personnel and information technology professionals to
continually improve its proprietary technology as its
clients needs evolve. The Company intends to continue
making substantial investments in technology to enable the most
effective and profitable service delivery.
PRG-Schultz Services Accounts
Payable Services Through the use of proprietary technology, audit
techniques and methodologies, the Companys trained and
experienced auditors examine merchandise procurement records on
a post-payment basis to identify overpayments resulting from
situations such as missed or inaccurate discounts, allowances
and rebates, vendor pricing errors, duplicate payments and
erroneous application of sales tax laws and regulations. To date, the Accounts Payable Services operations
have served two client types, retail/wholesale and commercial,
with each type typically served under a different service
delivery model. Broad-scope audit services provided
to retail/wholesale clients account for the Companys
largest worldwide source of revenues. These services typically
recur annually and are largely predictable in terms of
estimating the dollar volume of client overpayments that will
ultimately be recovered. For most retail/wholesale clients, the
Company typically identifies a larger volume of recoveries each
year when compared to recoveries realized in the immediate
preceding year. This growth generally results from factors such
as increasing sophistication of the Companys auditors and
software, and continuing client migration 5 Table of Contents toward electronic merchandise procurements that
the Company can more thoroughly audit. The continuous broadening
of types of available electronic purchase data and the
relaxation of client-imposed scope restrictions can also often
significantly increase our recoveries, and consequently our
fees, from one year to the next for a given client.
Broad-scope audit services are the most
comprehensive in nature, focusing on numerous recovery
categories related to both procurement and payment activities.
These audits typically entail comprehensive and customized data
acquisition from the client with the aim of capturing individual
line-item transaction detail. Broad-scope audits are
often long duration endeavors, with year-round on-site work by
permanent multi-auditor teams quite common for larger clients.
The Company currently serves retail/wholesale clients on six
continents. The Company also examines merchandise
procurements and other payments made by business entities such
as manufacturers, distributors and healthcare providers that are
collectively termed as commercial clients. The
substantial majority of the Companys domestic commercial
Accounts Payable Services clients are currently served using a
basic-scope model which typically entails
acquisition from the client of limited purchase data and an
audit focus on a select few recovery categories. Services to
these types of clients to date have tended to be either
one-time with no subsequent repeat or rotational in
nature with different divisions of a given client often audited
in pre-arranged annual sequences. Accordingly, revenues derived
from a given client may change markedly from year-to-year.
Additionally, the duration of a basic-scope audit is
usually measured in weeks and the number of auditors assigned
per client is usually one or two. Currently, the majority of the
Companys commercial clients are located in North America
and the United Kingdom, although the Company believes expansion
to other markets is progressing at a satisfactory rate. The Company is currently modifying its approach
to service delivery to more closely align the scope of its
services to the unique needs and characteristics of each
individual client, regardless of their industry, to the extent
consistent with maximizing the Companys profitability.
Thus, prospectively, certain retail/wholesale clients that have
historically been served by the broad-scope service
model, will be served under the basic-scope service
model. Conversely, certain commercial clients that historically
have been served by the basic-scope service model,
will prospectively be served under the broad-scope
service model.   
Other Ancillary
Services The following specialty areas comprise the
Companys Other Ancillary Services operations   
Meridian VAT Reclaim In August 1999, the Company acquired Meridian.
Meridian is based in Ireland and specializes in the recovery of
value-added taxes VAT paid on business expenses
for corporate clients located throughout the world. The services
provided to clients by Meridian are typically recurring in
nature.   
Communications Services Business The Communications Services business analyzes and
summarizes its clients current telecommunications
invoices, routing patterns and usage volumes to enable
interdepartmental expense allocations. It also applies its
specialized expertise to historical client telecommunications
records to identify and recover refunds of previous
overpayments. The Communications Services business also provides
expense management services such as invoice processing and call
accounting.   
Channel Revenue Business The Channel Revenue business provides revenue
maximization services to clients that are primarily in the
semiconductor industry using a discrete group of specially
trained auditors and proprietary business methodologies. Channel
Revenue clients generally receive two audits each year. 6 Table of Contents Client Contracts The Companys typical client contract
provides that the Company is entitled to a stipulated percentage
of overpayments or other savings recovered for or realized by
clients. Clients generally recover claims by either
ataking credits against outstanding payables or future
purchases from the involved vendors, or breceiving
refund checks directly from those vendors. The method of
effecting a recovery is often dictated by industry practice. For
some services, the client contract provides that the Company is
entitled to a fee for the rendering of that service. In addition
to client contracts, many clients establish specific procedural
guidelines that the Company must satisfy prior to submitting
claims for client approval. These guidelines are unique to each
client. Technology Technology advancements and increasing volumes of
business transactions have resulted in the Companys
clients continuously increasing the use of technology to manage
complex accounts payable, and collateral enterprise systems, and
to realize greater operating efficiencies. Given this
environment, the Company believes its proprietary technology,
databases and processes serve as important competitive
advantages over both its principal competitors and its
clients in-house recovery audit functions. In order to sustain these competitive advantages,
the Company intends to continue investing in technology
initiatives to deliver innovative, client-focused solutions
which enable the Company to provide its services in the most
timely, effective and profitable manner. A cornerstone of the
Companys current philosophy toward technology investment
involves the measurement of the performance of its technology
through effectiveness ratios in order to ensure that it
leverages technology to increase revenues and operating income. The Company employs a variety of proprietary
audit tools, proprietary databases and Company-owned and
co-locational data processing facilities in its business. Each
of the Companys businesses employs separate technology.   
Accounts Payable Services Audit
Technology The Company employs a variety of proprietary
audit tools, proprietary databases and Company-owned and
co-locational data processing facilities in its Accounts Payable
Services business. Client transaction systems are designed to
optimize execution in the present time. The Companys tools
provide visibility to past transactions and allow its auditors
to take frequent snapshots of data. The Companys
proprietary technology is optimized for mining overpayments with
the flexibility of coordinating these snapshots in time. The Companys Accounts Payable Services
technology can analyze massive volumes of data to help clients
uncover patterns or potential problems in overpayments. The
Company uses the most advanced data mining capabilities for
analyzing data to the transaction level. The Company mines the
data using algorithms to find patterns and associations between
fields in relational databases. The result of data mining is a
rule or set of rules that allow the Company to find new
relationships among events and maximize the recovery for the
client. At the beginning of a typical accounts payable
recovery audit engagement, the Company obtains a wide array of
transaction data from its client for the time period under
review. The Company typically receives this data by Electronic
Data Interchange EDI, magnetic media, or paper the Company
uses a custom imaging technology to scan the paper into
electronic format, which is then mapped by the Companys
technology professionals into standardized and proprietary
layouts at one of the Companys data processing facilities
primarily using high performance database and storage
technologies. The Companys data acquisition, data
processing and data management methodologies are aimed at
maximizing efficiencies and productivity, while maintaining the
highest standards of client confidentiality. The Companys experienced technology
professionals then prepare statistical reports to verify the
completeness and accuracy of the data. The Company delivers this
reformatted data to its auditors who, using the Companys
proprietary client server-based field audit software, sort,
filter and search the data for 7 Table of Contents indications of erroneous payments. The
Companys technology professionals also produce
client-specific standard reports and statistical data for the
auditors. These reports and data often reveal patterns of
activity or unusual relationships suggestive of potential
overpayment situations. The Company maintains a secure, automated and
web-enabled database of audit information that provides the
ability to query on multiple variables including claim
categories, SIC and industry codes, vendors, and audit years to
facilitate data analysis for the identification of additional
recovery opportunities and to provide recommendations for
process improvements to clients. The Company has numerous
security measures in place, including secure and restricted
access to this database, to ensure the highest standards of data
integrity and client confidentiality.   
Meridian VAT Reclaim Technology Meridian utilizes a proprietary software
application that assists business clients in the reclaiming of
value-added taxes VAT. The functionality of the
software includes paper flow monitoring, financial and
managerial reporting and EDI. The paper flow monitoring reflects
all stages of the reclaim business process from logging in
claims received to printing out checks due to clients. The
reporting system produces reports that measure the financial and
managerial information for each stage of the business process.   
Communications Services Audit
Technology Although various proprietary processes and
databases are used to conduct telecommunications audits, the
Communications Services business currently relies heavily upon
the industry and vendor knowledge possessed by its audit
personnel in its expense recovery and reduction service
offerings. Delivery of expense management services, particularly
call accounting, is more technologically-driven. Communications Services utilizes a proprietary
web-based software that provides the client with information
from the services delivered. The proprietary software is used to
facilitate charge back reporting, to process client invoices and
to report the status of claims and recoveries. Additional
proprietary software is used to facilitate data acquisition and
production processing, allowing for expedient and effective
management of the data, which results in cost efficiencies.   
Channel Revenue Audit Technology The Channel Revenue business employs proprietary
audit methodologies to analyze data in search of various
situations in which its clients may not have received all of the
revenues to which they are entitled. Auditor Hiring and Training Many of the Companys auditors and
specialists formerly held finance-related management positions
in the industries the Company serves. To meet its growing need
for additional auditors, the Company also hires recent college
graduates, particularly those with multi-lingual capabilities
and technology skills. While the Company has been able to hire a
sufficient number of new auditors to support its growth, there
can be no assurance that the Company can continue hiring
sufficient numbers of qualified auditors to meet its future
needs. The Company provides intensive training for
auditors utilizing both classroom-type training and self-paced
media such as specialized computer-based training modules. All
training programs are periodically upgraded based on feedback
from auditors and changing industry protocols. Additional
on-the-job training provided by experienced auditors enhances
the structured training programs and enables newly-hired
auditors to refine their skills. Clients The Company provides its services principally to
large and mid-sized businesses having numerous payment
transactions with many vendors. Retailers/wholesalers continue
to constitute the largest part of the Companys client and
revenue base. The Companys five largest clients
contributed approximately 226% and 251% of its revenues from
continuing operations for the years ended December31, 2002
and 2001, respectively. The Company did not have any clients
that contributed 100% or more of revenues from continuing
operations for the year ended December31, 2002. The
Companys largest client, Wal-Mart International,
contributed 100% of total revenues for the year ended
December31, 2001. 8 Table of Contents Sales and Marketing Due to the highly confidential and proprietary
nature of a businesss purchasing patterns and procurement
prices combined with the typical desire to maximize the amount
of funds recovered, most prospective clients conduct an
extensive investigation prior to selecting a specific recovery
audit firm. This type of investigation may include an on-site
inspection of the Companys service facilities. The Company
has typically found that its service offerings that are the most
annuity-like in nature such as a broad-scope audit
require the longest sales cycle and highest levels of direct
person-to-person contact. Conversely, service offerings that are
short-term, discrete events, such as certain
basic-scope audits, are susceptible to more cost
effective sales and marketing delivery approaches such as
telemarketing. Proprietary Rights The Company continuously develops new recovery
audit software and methodologies that enhance existing
proprietary software and methodologies. The Company regards its
proprietary software as protected by trade secret and copyright
laws of general applicability. In addition, the Company attempts
to safeguard its proprietary software and methodologies through
employee and third-party nondisclosure agreements and other
methods of protection. While the Companys competitive
position may be affected by its ability to protect its software
and other proprietary information, the Company believes that the
protection afforded by trade secret and copyright laws is
generally less significant to the Companys overall success
than the continued pursuit and implementation of its operating
strategies and other factors such as the knowledge, ability and
experience of its personnel. The Company owns or has rights to various
copyrights, trademarks and trade names used in the
Companys business, including but not limited to
AuditPro, Sentinel and Direct
F!nd. Competition The basic-scope recovery audit
business is highly competitive and barriers to entry are
relatively low. The Company believes that the low barriers to
entry result from limited technology infrastructure
requirements, the need for relatively minimal high-level client
data, and an audit focus on a select few recovery categories. The broad-scope recovery audit
business is also highly competitive with numerous existing
competitors that are believed to be substantially smaller than
the Company. Barriers to effective entry and longevity as a
viable broad-scope recovery audit firm are believed
to be high. The Company further believes that these high
barriers to entry result from numerous factors including, but
not limited to, significant technology infrastructure
requirements, the need to gather, summarize and examine massive
volumes of client data at the line-item level of detail, the
need to establish effective audit techniques and methodologies,
and the need to hire and train audit professionals to work in a
very specialized manner that requires technical proficiency with
numerous recovery categories. The competitive factors affecting the market for
the Companys recovery audit services include   
establishing and maintaining client relationships;
quality and quantity of claims identified;
experience and professionalism of audit staff;
rates for services;
technology; and
geographic scope of operations.
9 Table of Contents Employees At January31, 2003, the Company had
approximately 3,350 employees, of whom approximately 2,160 were
located in the U.S. The majority of the Companys employees
are involved in the audit function. The Company believes its
employee relations are satisfactory. Website The Company makes available free of charge on its
website, www.prgx.com, its annual report on Form10-K,
quarterly reports on Form10-Q, current reports on
Form8-K and all amendments to those reports. Since
November15, 2002, the Company has made all filings with
the Securities and Exchange Commission available on its website,
no later then the close of business on the date the filing was
made. In addition, investors can access the Companys
filings with the Security Exchange Commission at
www.sec.gov/edgar.shtml. 10 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS External factors such as the potential
conflict with Iraq and potential terrorist attacks could have a
material adverse affect on our future revenues and
earnings. Our business was significantly disrupted in the
aftermath of the terrorist events that occurred in the United
States on September11, 2001. In the days and months
following September11, 2001, many of our clients in the
United States were urgently attending to new security
imperatives and other matters of immediate priority.
Additionally, there was an understandable and temporary
reluctance on the part of our employees and clients to travel by
air in order to conduct business. As a partial consequence of
the events of September11, 2001, our Companys
revenues and earnings for the quarter ended September30,
2001 were significantly below both internally-planned and
externally-published expectations. Future external factors such
as the potential conflict with Iraq and/or future terrorist
events could again have a material and adverse affect on our
revenues and earnings, including, potentially, adverse affects
on both our United States operations and our international
operations. We depend on our largest clients for
significant revenues, and if we lose a major client, our
revenues could be adversely affected. We generate a significant portion of our revenues
from our largest clients. For the years ended December31,
2002 and 2001, our two largest clients accounted for
approximately 145% and 149% of our revenues from continuing
operations, respectively. If we lose any major clients, our
results of operations could be materially and adversely affected
by the loss of revenue, and we would have to seek to replace the
client with new business. Client and vendor bankruptcies, including the
K-Mart bankruptcy, and financial difficulties could reduce our
earnings. Our clients generally operate in intensely
competitive environments and bankruptcy filings are not
uncommon. This is especially true with regard to retailers
worldwide from which the Company derives a majority portion of
its consolidated revenues. Additionally, adverse economic
conditions throughout the world have increased, and they
continue to increase, the financial difficulties experienced by
our clients. On January22, 2002, K-Mart Corporation, which
accounted for 01% and 49% of our 2002 and 2001 revenues from
continuing operations, respectively, filed for Chapter11
Bankruptcy reorganization. At the time of the K-Mart filing,
K-Mart owed the Company $20 million for services invoiced but
unpaid. Of this amount, the Company charged $15million to
expense in 2001 and the remaining $05million to expense
in 2002. As a direct consequence of the bankruptcy filing, the
Company derived modest revenues from K-Mart in 2002 and
currently expects moderate revenues from K-Mart in 2003. There
can be no assurances that the Companys expected level of
2003 revenues from K-Mart will be achieved. In addition, further
bankruptcy filings by one or more of our other significant
clients, or significant vendors who supply them, or unexpectedly
large vendor claim chargebacks lodged against our clients, could
have a material adverse affect on our financial condition and
results of operations. Likewise, our failure to collect our
accounts receivable due to the financial difficulties of one or
more of our large clients could adversely affect our financial
condition and results of operations even if such clients do not
ultimately file for bankruptcy protection. The market for providing
basic-scope recovery audit services to commercial
entities in the United States is maturing. The substantial majority of our domestic
commercial Accounts Payable Services clients are currently
served using a basic-scope model that typically
entails acquisition from the client of limited purchase data and
an audit focus on a select few recovery categories. We believe
that the market for providing basic-scope recovery
audit services to commercial entities in the U.S. is reaching
maturity with the existence of many competitors and increasing
pricing pressures. We intend to distinguish ourselves by
providing recurring, broad-scope audits to
commercial entities where line item client purchase data is
available and client purchase volumes are sufficient to achieve
the Companys profitability objectives.
Broad-scope audits 11 Table of Contents typically entail a vast expansion of recovery
categories reviewed by our auditors with commensurately greater
dollars recovered and fees earned. Until we can convert a
substantial number of our current domestic Accounts Payable
Services commercial clients to broad-scope audits,
annual revenues derived from domestic commercial clients is
expected to contract. Although we are giving this conversion
managerial emphasis, no definitive completion timetable has been
established. Our revenues from certain clients may change
markedly from year-to-year. We examine merchandise procurements and other
payments made by business entities such as manufacturers,
distributors and healthcare providers. Services to these types
of clients to date have tended to be either one-time
or rotational in nature with different divisions of a given
client often audited in pre-arranged annual sequences.
Accordingly, revenues derived from a given client may change
markedly from year-to-year depending on factors such as the size
and nature of the client division under audit. We rely on international operations for
significant revenues. In 2002, approximately 310% of our revenues from
continuing operations were generated from international
operations. International operations are subject to risks,
including   
political and economic instability in the
international markets we serve;
difficulties in staffing and managing foreign
operations and in collecting accounts receivable;
fluctuations in currency exchange rates,
particularly weaknesses in the Australian Dollar, the Euro, the
British Pound, the Canadian Dollar, the Argentine Peso, the
Brazilian Real and other currencies of countries in which we
transact business, which could result in currency translations
that materially reduce our revenues and earnings;
costs associated with adapting our services to
our foreign clients needs;
unexpected changes in regulatory requirements and
laws;
difficulties in transferring earnings from our
foreign subsidiaries to us; and
burdens of complying with a wide variety of
foreign laws and labor practices.
Because we expect a significant and growing
proportion of our revenues to continue to come from
international operations, the occurrence of any of the above
events could materially and adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations. We require significant management and
financial resources to operate and expand our recovery audit
services internationally. In our experience, entry into new international
markets requires considerable management time as well as
start-up expenses for market development, hiring and
establishing office facilities. In addition, we have
encountered, and expect to continue to encounter significant
expense and delays in expanding our international operations
because of language and cultural differences, communications and
related issues. We generally incur the costs associated with
international expansion before any significant revenues are
generated. As a result, initial operations in a new market
typically operate at low margins or may be unprofitable. Because
our international expansion strategy will require substantial
financial resources, we may incur additional indebtedness or
issue additional equity securities, which could be dilutive to
our shareholders. In addition, financing for international
expansion may not be available to us on acceptable terms and
conditions. Recovery audit services are not widely used in
international markets. Our long-term growth objectives are based in part
on achieving significant future growth in international markets.
Although our recovery audit services constitute a generally
accepted business practice among retailers in the U.S., Canada,
the United Kingdom and Mexico, these services have not yet
become widely used in many international markets. Prospective
clients, vendors or other involved parties in foreign markets 12 Table of Contents may not accept our services. The failure of these
parties to accept and use our services could have a material
adverse effect on our future growth. The level of our annual profitability is
significantly affected by our third and fourth quarter operating
results. Prior to 2001, the Company had historically
experienced significant seasonality in its business. We
typically realized higher revenues and operating income in the
last two quarters of our fiscal year. This trend reflected the
inherent purchasing and operational cycles of our clients.
During the year ended December31, 2001, we did not
experience the revenue and operating income trend that we had
historically experienced in prior years due primarily to the
impact of the events in the United States on September11,
2001 and costs incurred that were associated with the
Companys abandoned attempt to sell certain discontinued
operations subsequently retained. As of January24, 2002,
the Companys results of operations have included the
results of the business acquired as part of the acquisitions of
the businesses of HSA-Texas and affiliates. Also impacting 2002,
were certain costs associated with the integration of the
acquired operations and the integration of the Companys
domestic retail and domestic commercial operations. We currently
believe that our revenues and operating income in 2003 will
return to the same seasonality previously experienced prior to
2001. If this belief is subsequently borne out and we do not
realize increased revenues in future third and fourth quarter
periods, due to adverse economic conditions in those quarters or
otherwise, our profitability for any affected quarter and the
entire year could be materially and adversely affected because
ongoing selling, general and administrative expenses are largely
fixed. Our revised compensation plan in the United
States may cause us to lose auditors. We are in the process as of March 2003 of
implementing a revised compensation plan in the United States
for our field audit professionals. Although this plan has been
carefully developed over a considerable period of time by a task
force that included field auditor representation, there can be
no assurance that all of our United States field audit
professionals will find it acceptable, and some may choose to
leave our employment as a result. If we cannot retain or hire
sufficient numbers of qualified auditors in the United States to
meet our needs, our future revenues and profitability could be
materially adversely impacted. An adverse judgment in the securities action
litigation in which we and JohnM. Cook are defendants
could have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations and liquidity. We and JohnM. Cook, our Chief Executive
Officer, are defendants in three class action lawsuits initiated
on June6, 2000 in the United States District Court for the
Northern District of Georgia, Atlanta Division, which have since
been consolidated into one proceeding the Securities
ClassAction Litigation. A judgment against us in
this case could have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations and liquidity, while a judgment against Mr.Cook
could adversely affect his financial condition and therefore
have a negative impact upon his performance as our chief
executive officer. Plaintiffs in the Securities
ClassAction Litigation have alleged in general terms that
the defendants violated Sections10b and 20a of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule10b-5 promulgated
thereunder by allegedly disseminating materially false and
misleading information about a change in our method of
recognizing revenue and in connection with revenue reported for
a division. The plaintiffs further allege that these
misstatements and omissions led to an artificially inflated
price for our common stock during the putative class period,
which runs from July19, 1999 to July26, 2000. This
case seeks an unspecified amount of compensatory damages,
payment of litigation fees and expenses, and equitable and/or
injunctive relief. Although we believe the alleged claims in
this lawsuit are without merit and intend to defend the lawsuit
vigorously, due to the inherent uncertainties of the litigation
process and the judicial system, we are unable to predict the
outcome of this litigation. Our failure to retain the services of John M.
Cook, or other key members of management, could adversely impact
our continued success. Our continued success depends largely on the
efforts and skills of our executive officers and key employees,
particularly JohnM. Cook, our Chief Executive Officer and
Chairman of the Board. The loss of the services of Mr.Cook
or other key members of management could materially and
adversely affect our 13 Table of Contents business. We have entered into employment
agreements with Mr.Cook and other key members of
management. While these employment agreements limit the ability
of Mr.Cook and other key employees to directly compete
with us in the future, nothing prevents them from leaving our
company. We also maintain key man life insurance policies in the
aggregate amount of $133million on the life of
Mr.Cook. The inability of Transporters VAT Reclaim
Limited to renew sufficient financing may have an impact on
Meridians operations. The Companys Meridian unit and an unrelated
German concern named Deutscher Kraftverkehr Euro Service GmbH
Co. KG DKV are each a 50% owner of a joint
venture named Transporters VAT Reclaim Limited
TVR. Since neither owner, acting alone, has
majority control over TVR, Meridian accounts for its ownership
using the equity method of accounting. DKV provides European
truck drivers with a credit card that facilitates their fuel
purchases. DKV distinguishes itself from its competitors, in
part, by providing its customers with an immediate advance
refund of the Value Added Taxes VAT paid on fuel
purchases. DKV then recovers the VAT from the taxing authorities
through the TVR joint venture. Meridian processes the VAT refund
on behalf of TVR, for which it receives a percentage fee. TVR
maintains a 383million Euro $402million at
December31, 2002 exchange rates financing facility with
Barclays Bank plc Barclays whereby its sells the
VAT refund claims to Barclays with full recourse. As of
December31, 2002, there was 350million Euro
$367million at December31, 2002 exchange rates
outstanding under this facility. As a condition of the financing
facility between TVR and Barclays, Meridian has provided an
indemnity to Barclays for any losses that Barclays may suffer in
the event that Meridian processes any fraudulent claims on
TVRs behalf. Meridian has not been required to remit funds
to Barclays under this indemnity and the Company believes the
probability of the indemnity clause being invoked is remote.
Meridian has no obligation to Barclays as to the collectibility
of VAT refund claims sold by TVR to Barclays unless fraudulent
conduct is involved. The Barclays credit financing facility
expires on March31, 2003 and negotiations are currently
underway to extend it. Should the Barclays credit financing
facility not be extended or if it is extended under financial
terms and conditions that are more expensive to TVR,
Meridians future revenues from TVR $36million in
2002 and the associated profits therefrom could be
substantially reduced or even eliminated. Moreover, if the new
financing terms and conditions are such that they eventually
cause a marked deterioration in TVRs future financial
condition, Meridian may be unable to recover some or all of its
long-term investment in TVR which was $24 million at
December31, 2002. This investment is included in Other
Assets on the Companys December31, 2002 Consolidated
Balance Sheet included in Item8. of this Form 10-K. We may be unable to protect and maintain the
competitive advantage of our proprietary technology and
intellectual property rights. Our operations could be materially and adversely
affected if we are not able to adequately protect our
proprietary software, audit techniques and methodologies, and
other proprietary intellectual property rights. We rely on a
combination of trade secret laws, nondisclosure and other
contractual arrangements and technical measures to protect our
proprietary rights. Although we presently hold U.S. and foreign
registered trademarks and U.S. registered copyrights on certain
of our proprietary technology, we may be unable to obtain
similar protection on our other intellectual property. In
addition, our foreign registered trademarks may not receive the
same enforcement protection as our U.S. registered trademarks.
We generally enter into confidentiality agreements with our
employees, consultants, clients and potential clients. We also
limit access to, and distribution of, our proprietary
information. Nevertheless, we may be unable to deter
misappropriation of our proprietary information, detect
unauthorized use and take appropriate steps to enforce our
intellectual property rights. Our competitors also may
independently develop technologies that are substantially
equivalent or superior to our technology. Although we believe
that our services and products do not infringe on the
intellectual property rights of others, we can not prevent
someone else from asserting a claim against us in the future for
violating their technology rights. 14 Table of Contents We may not be able to continue to compete
successfully with other businesses offering recovery audit
services. We believe that we are the largest recovery audit
firm in the world and possess considerable and unique
competitive advantages that would be difficult to duplicate.
Nevertheless, the recovery audit business is highly competitive.
Our principal competitors for accounts payable recovery audit
services include numerous smaller firms. We can not provide
assurance that we can continue to compete successfully with our
competitors. In addition, our profit margins could decline
because of competitive pricing pressures that may have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. We have violated our debt covenants in the
past and may inadvertently do so in the future. As of September30, 2001, we were not in
compliance with certain financial ratio covenants in our then
existing senior credit facility. Those covenant violations were
waived by the lenders in an amendment to the senior credit
facility dated November9, 2001. This amendment also
relaxed certain financial ratio covenants for the fourth quarter
of 2001 and for each of the quarters of 2002. On
December31, 2001, we entered into a new senior credit
facility and cancelled the prior credit facility. We have
remained continuously in compliance with all financial ratio
covenants contained in the new credit facility during 2002.
Nevertheless, no assurance can be provided that we will not
violate the covenants of our new credit facility in the future.
If we are unable to comply with our financial covenants in the
future, our lenders could pursue their contractual remedies
under the credit facility, including requiring the immediate
repayment in full of all amounts outstanding, if any.
Additionally, we cannot be certain that if the lenders demanded
immediate repayment of any amounts outstanding that we would be
able to secure adequate or timely replacement financing on
acceptable terms or at all. Future impairment of goodwill and other
intangible assets could materially reduce our future
earnings. Effective January1, 2002, the Company
implemented Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
SFAS No142, Goodwill and Other
Intangible Assets. SFAS No142 requires that goodwill
and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives no longer be
amortized, but instead, such assets must be tested for
impairment at least annually in accordance with the provisions
of SFAS No. 142. This statement also requires that intangible
assets with estimable useful lives be amortized over their
respective estimated useful lives and reviewed for impairment in
accordance with SFAS No144, Accounting for the
Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets. The Company and
its independent valuation advisors completed all required
transitional testing related to the adoption of SFAS
No142 in the second quarter of 2002. Based upon this
testing, the Company concluded that all net goodwill balances
relating to its Communications Services and Channel Revenue
reporting units, which are part of the Companys Other
Ancillary Services segment, were impaired. As a result, the
Company recognized a before-tax charge of $283million as
a cumulative effect of an accounting change, retroactive to
January1, 2002. The Company recorded an income tax benefit
of $111million as a reduction to this goodwill impairment
charge, resulting in an after-tax charge of $172million.
During the fourth quarter of 2002, the Company, working with
independent valuation advisors, completed the required annual
impairment testing and concluded that there was not an
impairment of goodwill or intangible assets with indefinite
useful lives as of October1, 2002. As of December31,
2002, the Company had a consolidated goodwill asset of
$3718million, consisting of $3636million relating
to the Accounts Payable Services segment and $82million
relating to the Other Ancillary Services segment and other
intangible assets of $362million relating to the Accounts
Payable Services segment. To the extent that management or its
independent valuation advisers misjudges or miscalculates any
of the critical factors necessary to determine whether or not
there is a goodwill or other intangible assets impairment, or if
any of our goodwill or other intangible assets are accurately
determined to be impaired, our future earnings could be
materially adversely impacted. 15 Table of Contents Our articles of incorporation, bylaws, and
shareholders rights plan and Georgia law may inhibit a
change in control that you may favor. Our articles of incorporation and bylaws and
Georgia law contain provisions that may delay, deter or inhibit
a future acquisition of us not approved by our board of
directors. This could occur even if our shareholders are offered
an attractive value for their shares or if a substantial number
or even a majority of our shareholders believe the takeover is
in their best interest. These provisions are intended to
encourage any person interested in acquiring us to negotiate
with and obtain the approval of our board of directors in
connection with the transaction. Provisions that could delay,
deter or inhibit a future acquisition include the following   
a staggered board of directors;
the requirement that our shareholders may only
remove directors for cause;
specified requirements for calling special
meetings of shareholders; and
the ability of the board of directors to consider
the interests of various constituencies, including our
employees, clients and creditors and the local community.
Our articles of incorporation also permit the
board of directors to issue shares of preferred stock with such
designations, powers, preferences and rights as it determines,
without any further vote or action by our shareholders. In
addition, we have in place a poison pill
shareholders rights plan that will trigger a dilutive
issuance of common stock upon substantial purchases of our
common stock by a third party which are not approved by the
board of directors. These provisions also could discourage bids
for our shares of common stock at a premium and have a material
adverse effect on the market price of our shares. Our stock price has been and may continue to
be volatile. Our common stock is traded on The NASDAQ National
Market. The trading price of our common stock has been and may
continue to be subject to large fluctuations. Our stock price
may increase or decrease in response to a number of events and
factors, including   
future announcements concerning us, key clients
or competitors;
quarterly variations in operating results;
changes in financial estimates and
recommendations by securities analysts;
developments with respect to technology or
litigation;
the operating and stock price performance of
other companies that investors may deem comparable to our
Company;
acquisitions and financings; and
sales of blocks of stock by insiders.
Stock price volatility is also attributable to
the current state of the stock market, in which wide price
swings are common. This volatility may adversely affect the
price of our common stock, regardless of our operating
performance. We may be required to repurchase convertible
notes. In certain circumstances, including a change in
control, the holders of our convertible notes may require us to
repurchase some or all of the notes. We cannot assure that we
will have sufficient financial resources at such time or that we
will be able to arrange financing to pay the repurchase price of
the convertible notes. We may be required to refinance our
senior indebtedness in order to make such payments, and we can
give no assurance that we would be able to obtain such financing
on acceptable terms or at all. Our failure to repurchase the
notes would be an event of default under the notes, which could
materially adversely affect our business, financial position and
results of operations. 16 Table of Contents Our further expansion into electronic commerce
auditing strategies and processes may not be
profitable. We anticipate a growing need for recovery
auditing services among current clients migrating to
Internet-based procurement, as well as potential clients already
engaged in electronic commerce transactions. In response to this
anticipated future demand for our recovery auditing expertise,
we have made and may continue to make significant capital and
other expenditures to further expand into Internet technology
areas. We can give no assurance that these investments will be
profitable or that we have correctly anticipated demand for
these services. FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS Some of the information in this Form10-K
contains forward-looking statements and information made by us
that are based on the beliefs of our respective management as
well as estimates and assumptions made by and information
currently available to our management. The words
could, may, might,
will, would, shall,
should, pro forma,
potential, pending, intend,
believe, expect, anticipate,
estimate, plan, future and
other similar expressions generally identify forward-looking
statements, including, in particular, statements regarding
future services, market expansion and pending litigation. These
forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor
provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on
these forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking
statements reflect the views of our management at the time such
statements are made and are subject to a number of risks,
uncertainties, estimates and assumptions, including, without
limitation, in addition to those identified in the text
surrounding such statements, those identified under Risk
Factors and elsewhere in this Form10-K. Some of the forward-looking statements contained
in this Form10-K include   
statements regarding the Companys expected
future dependency on its major clients;
statements regarding increasing outsourcing of
internal recovery audit functions;
statements regarding the benefits of global
e-commerce initiatives to technologically advanced recovery
audit firms;
statements regarding market opportunities for
recovery audit firms and the opportunities offered by the
Accounts Payable Services business;
statements regarding the impact of newly-emerging
procurement technologies involving the Internet and the lack of
data type definitions on recovery audit opportunities;
statements regarding the expected relative return
on investment and growth of the Accounts Payable Services
business;
statements regarding the impact on the
Companys revenues of elimination of client-imposed
restrictions on the scope of the Companys work;
statements regarding the Companys ability
to improve its client retention rates; and
statements regarding the sufficiency of the
Companys resources to meet its working capital and capital
expenditure needs.
In addition, important factors to consider in
evaluating such forward-looking statements include changes or
developments in United States and international economic,
market, legal or regulatory circumstances, changes in our
business or growth strategy or an inability to execute our
strategy due to changes in our industry or the economy
generally, the emergence of new or growing competitors, the
actions or omissions of third parties, including suppliers,
clients, competitors and United States and foreign governmental
authorities, and various other factors. Should any one or more
of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or the underlying
estimates or assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may
vary significantly and markedly from those expressed in such
forward-looking statements, and there can be no assurance that
the forward-looking statements contained in this Form10-K
will in fact occur. 17 Table of Contents Given these uncertainties, you are cautioned not
to place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. We
disclaim any obligation to announce publicly the results of any
revisions to any of the forward-looking statements contained in
this Form10-K, to reflect future events or developments. ITEM2.Properties The Companys principal executive offices
are located in approximately 132,000 square feet of office space
in Atlanta, Georgia. The Company leases this space under an
agreement expiring on December31, 2014. The Companys
various operating units lease numerous other parcels of
operating space in the various countries in which the Company
currently conducts its business. Prior to November2002,
the Companys principal executive offices were located in
approximately 95,000square feet of office space in
Atlanta, Georgia. The Company leased this space under various
agreements with primary terms expiring from December 2002
through February 2005. The Company is obligated under these
leases until their respective expirations. Excluding the lease for the Companys
current principal executive offices, the majority of the
Companys real property leases are individually less than
five years in duration. See Note10 of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item8. of
this Form10-K. ITEM3.Legal
Proceedings Beginning on June6, 2000, three putative
class action lawsuits were filed against the Company and certain
of its present and former officers in the United States District
Court for the Northern District of Georgia, Atlanta Division.
These cases were subsequently consolidated into one proceeding
styled: In re Profit Recovery Group International, Inc. Sec.
Litig., Civil Action File No1:00-CV-1416-CC the
Securities ClassAction Litigation. On
November13, 2000, the Plaintiffs in these cases filed a
Consolidated and Amended Complaint the Complaint.
In that Complaint, Plaintiffs allege that the Company,
JohnM. Cook, ScottL. Colabuono, the Companys
former Chief Financial Officer, and MichaelA. Lustig, the
Companys former Chief Operating Officer, the
Defendants violated Sections10b and 20a
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule10b-5
promulgated thereunder by allegedly disseminating false and
misleading information about a change in the Companys
method of recognizing revenue and in connection with revenue
reported for a division. Plaintiffs purport to bring this action
on behalf of a class of persons who purchased the Companys
stock between July19, 1999 and July26, 2000.
Plaintiffs seek an unspecified amount of compensatory damages,
payment of litigation fees and expenses, and equitable and/or
injunctive relief. On January24, 2001, Defendants filed a
Motion to Dismiss the Complaint for failure to state a claim
under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, 15 U.S.C.
78u-4 et seq. The Court denied
Defendants Motion to Dismiss on June5, 2001.
Defendants served their Answer to Plaintiffs Complaint on
June19, 2001. The Court granted Plaintiffs Motion
for ClassCertification on December3, 2002. Discovery
is currently ongoing. The Company believes the alleged claims in
this lawsuit are without merit and intends to defend this
lawsuit vigorously. Due to the inherent uncertainties of the
litigation process and the judicial system, the Company is
unable to predict the outcome of this litigation. If the outcome
of this litigation is adverse to the Company, it could have a
material adverse effect on the Companys business,
financial condition, and results of operations. In the normal course of business, the Company is
involved in and subject to other claims, contractual disputes
and other uncertainties. Management, after reviewing with legal
counsel all of these actions and proceedings, believes that the
aggregate losses, if any, will not have a material adverse
effect on the Companys financial position or results of
operations. ITEM4.Submission
of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders During the fourth quarter covered by this report,
no matter was submitted to a vote of security holders of the
Company. 18 Table of Contents PART II ITEM5.Market
for Registrants Common Equity and Related Stockholder
Matters The Companys common stock is traded under
the symbol PRGX on The Nasdaq National Market
Nasdaq. The Company has not paid cash dividends since its
March26, 1996 initial public offering and does not intend
to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Moreover,
restrictive covenants included in the Companys bank credit
facility specifically limit payment of cash dividends. As of
February28, 2003, there were approximately 9,000
beneficial holders of the Companys common stock and 294
holders of record. The following table sets forth, for the
quarters indicated, the range of high and low trading prices for
the Companys common stock as reported by Nasdaq during
2002 and 2001.   
High
Low   
2002 Calendar Quarter
1st Quarter
$
1418
$
761
2nd Quarter
1625
1155
3rd Quarter
1499
883
4th Quarter
1249
731
2001 Calendar Quarter
1st Quarter
$
767
$
481
2nd Quarter
1400
488
3rd Quarter
1610
918
4th Quarter
980
420
ITEM6.Selected
Consolidated Financial Data The following table sets forth selected
consolidated financial data for the Company as of and for the
five years ended December31, 2002. Such historical
consolidated financial data as of and for the five years ended
December31, 2002 have been derived from the Companys
Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto, which
Consolidated Financial Statements as of December31, 2002
and 2001 and for each of the years in the three-year period
ended December31, 2002 have been audited by KPMG LLP,
independent auditors. The Consolidated Balance Sheets as of
December31, 2002 and 2001, and the related Consolidated
Statements of Operations, Shareholders Equity and Cash
Flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended
December31, 2002 and the independent auditors report
thereon, which in 2000 is based partially upon the report of
other auditors and refers to changes in accounting for goodwill
and other intangible assets in 2002 and revenue recognition in
2000 are included in Item8. of this Form10-K. The
Company disposed of its Logistics Management Services segment in
October 2001 and closed a unit within the Communications
Services business during the third quarter of 2001.
Additionally, in December of 2001, the Company disposed of its
French Taxation Services business which had been part of
continuing operations until time of disposal. Selected
consolidated financial data for the Company has been
reclassified to reflect Logistics Management Services, the
closed unit within Communication Services and the French
Taxation Services business as discontinued operations and all
historical financial information contained herein has been
reclassified to remove these businesses from continuing
operations for all periods presented. Selected consolidated
financial data for the Company was retroactively restated, as
required under accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America, to include the accounts of Meridian
and PRS International, Ltd., which were acquired in August 1999
and accounted for under the pooling-of-interests method.
Further, during the fourth quarter of 2000, the Companys
Meridian and Channel Revenue businesses adopted Staff Accounting
Bulletin SAB No101, Revenue Recognition
in Financial Statements, retroactive to January1,
2000. In accordance with the applicable requirements of
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America, consolidated financial statements for periods prior to
2000 have not been restated. Additionally, the Company made the
decision in the second quarter of 1999 to recognize revenue for
all of its then-existing operations when it invoices clients for
its fee retroactive to January1, 1999. The Company had
previously 19 Table of Contents recognized revenue from services provided to its
historical client base consisting primarily of retailers,
wholesale distributors and governmental entities at the time
overpayment claims were presented to and approved by its
clients. In accordance with the applicable requirements of
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America, consolidated financial statements for periods prior to
1999 have not been restated. Due to accounting changes, certain
financial statement amounts related to continuing operations for
2000 will not be directly comparable to corresponding amounts
for 1999 and 1998 and certain financial statement amounts
related to continuing operations for 1999 will not be directly
comparable to corresponding amounts for 1998. The data presented
below should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated
Financial Statements and Notes thereto included elsewhere in
this Form10-K and other financial information appearing
elsewhere in this Form10-K including Managements
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations.   
Years Ended December31   
20021512
20012
200035
199945
199867   
In thousands, except per share data   
Statements of Operations Data:
Revenues
$
463,297
$
314,025
$
302,080
$
287,345
$
207,351
Cost of revenues
265,488
180,519
177,723
155,326
113,872
Selling, general and administrative expenses
144,724
118,902
106,035
83,404
71,367
Business acquisition and restructuring expenses8
13,341
Operating income
53,085
14,604
18,322
35,274
22,112
Interest expense, net
9,339
8,903
7,589
4,330
2,824
Earnings from continuing operations before income
taxes, minority interest, discontinued operations and cumulative
effect of accounting changes
43,746
5,701
10,733
30,944
19,288
Income taxes
16,186
3,363
5,796
13,306
6,954
Earnings from continuing operations before
minority interest, discontinued operations and cumulative effect
of accounting changes
27,560
2,338
4,937
17,638
12,334
Minority interest in earningsof
consolidated subsidiaries
357
460
Earnings from continuing operations before
discontinued operations and cumulative effect of accounting
changes
27,560
2,338
4,937
17,281
11,874
Discontinued operations:
Earnings lossfrom discontinued
operations, net of income taxes
3,294
17,920
10,155
2,760
Gain losson disposal/retention of
discontinued operations including operating results for phase
out period, net of income taxes
2,716
82,755
Earnings lossfrom discontinued operations
2,716
86,049
17,920
10,155
2,760
Earnings lossbefore cumulative effect of
accounting changes
30,276
83,711
12,983
27,436
14,634
Cumulative effect of accounting changes, net of
income taxes
17,208
26,145
29,195
Net earnings loss
$
13,068
$
83,711
$
39,128
$
1,759
$
14,634
Cash dividends per share9
$
$
$
$
001
$
001
Basic earnings lossper share:
Earnings from continuing operations before
discontinued operations and cumulative effect of accounting
changes
$
044
$
005
$
010
$
036
$
030
Discontinued operations
004
178
037
021
007
Cumulative effect of accounting changes
027
053
061
Net earnings loss
$
021
$
173
$
080
$
004
$
037
Diluted earnings lossper share:
Earnings from continuing operations before
discontinued operations and cumulative effect of accounting
changes
$
040
$
005
$
010
$
035
$
029
Discontinued operations
003
177
036
020
007
Cumulative effect of accounting changes
021
053
059
Net earnings loss
$
022
$
172
$
079
$
004
$
036
20 Table of Contents   
December31   
20021512
20012
200035
19994510
19986711   
In thousands   
Balance Sheet Data:
Cash and cash equivalents
$
14,860
$
33,334
$
18,748
$
23,593
$
21,108
Working capital
35,562
39,987
156,944
150,701
94,941
Total assets
585,780
379,260
497,364
476,694
401,531
Long-term debt, excluding current installments
and loans from shareholders
26,363
153,563
92,811
138,609
Convertible notes
121,491
121,166
Total shareholders equity
337,885
168,095
247,529
294,970
143,828
1
During 2002, the Company completed the
acquisitions of the businesses of HSA-Texas and affiliates
accounted for as a purchase.
2
During 2001, the Company completed the sale of
its French Taxation Services business and Logistics Management
Services segment at net losses of $540million and
$191million, respectively. See Note2 of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item8. of
this Form10-K.
3
During 2000, the Company completed two
acquisitions accounted for as purchases consisting of The Right
Answer, Inc. March and TSL Services, Inc. June. See
Notes2 and 15 of Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements included in Item8. of this Form10-K.
4
During 1999, the Company completed six
acquisitions accounted for as purchases consisting of Payment
Technologies, Inc. April, Invoice and Tariff Management Group,
LLC June, AP SA October, Freight Rate Services, Inc.
December, Integrated Systems Consultants, Inc. December and
minority interests in three subsidiaries of Meridian VAT
Corporation Limited December. See Note2 of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item8. of
this Form10-K.
5
In 2002, the Company incurred a charge in
connection with the implementation of Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No142, Goodwill and Other
Intangible Assets. See Note 7 of Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements included in Item8. of this
Form10-K. Additionally, in 2000 See Note1d of
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in
Item8. of this Form10-K and 1999, the Company
changed its method of accounting for revenue recognition. The
Company made the decision in the second quarter of 1999 to
recognize revenue for all of its then-existing operations when
it invoices clients for its fee retroactive to January1,
1999. The Company had previously recognized revenue from
services provided to its historical client base consisting
primarily of retailers, wholesale distributors and governmental
entities at the time overpayment claims were presented to and
approved by its clients.
6
Selected consolidated financial data for the
Company as of and for the year ended December31, 1998, as
originally reported, have been retroactively restated, as
required under accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America, to include the accounts of Meridian
VAT Corporation Limited and PRS International, Ltd. which were
each acquired in August 1999 and accounted for under the
pooling-of-interests method.
7
During 1998, the Company completed eight
acquisitions accounted for as purchases consisting of Precision
Data Link March, The Medallion Group June, Novexel S.A.
July, Loder, Drew Associates, Inc. August, Cost
Recovery Professionals Pty Ltd September, Robert Beck 
Associates, Inc. and related businesses October, IP Strategies
SA November and Industrial Traffic Consultants, Inc.
December. See Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements included in Item8. of this Form10-K.
8
Consists of merger-related charges relating to
businesses acquired under the pooling-of-interests accounting
method and certain restructuring charges.
9
Cash dividends per share represent distributions
by PRS International, Ltd. to its shareholders.
10
Balance Sheet Data as of December31, 1999
reflect the receipt of $1185million in net proceeds from
the Companys January 1999 follow-on public offering.
11
Balance Sheet Data as of December31, 1998
reflect the receipt of $812million in net proceeds from
the Companys March 1998 follow-on public offering.
12
During 2002, the Company made the decision to
retain Meridian, the Communications Services business and the
Channel Revenue business which were formerly discontinued
operations. See Note1c of Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements included in Item8. of this
Form10-K.
21 Table of Contents ITEM7.Managements
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations Overview PRG-Schultz International, Inc. and subsidiaries
the Company is the leading provider of recovery
audit services to large and mid-size businesses having numerous
payment transactions with many vendors. In businesses with large purchase volumes and
continuously fluctuating prices, some small percentage of
erroneous overpayments to vendors is inevitable. Although these
businesses process the vast majority of payment transactions
correctly, a small number of errors do occur. In the aggregate,
these transaction errors can represent meaningful lost
profits that can be particularly significant for
businesses with relatively narrow profit margins. The
Companys trained, experienced industry specialists use
sophisticated proprietary technology and advanced recovery
techniques and methodologies to identify overpayments to
vendors. In addition, these specialists review clients
current practices and processes related to procurement and other
expenses in order to identify solutions to manage and reduce
expense levels, as well as apply knowledge and expertise of
industry best practices to assist clients in improving their
business efficiencies.   
Critical Accounting Policies Managements Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations discusses the
Companys consolidated financial statements, which have
been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of
these consolidated financial statements requires management to
make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the
reporting period. On an on-going basis, management evaluates its
estimates and judgments, including those related to revenue
recognition and accounts receivable reserves, goodwill and other
intangible assets and income taxes. Management bases its
estimates and judgments on historical experience and on various
other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the
circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making
judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities
that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results
may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or
conditions. The Companys significant accounting
policies are more fully described in Note1 of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item8. of
this Form10-K. However, certain of the Companys
accounting policies are particularly important to the portrayal
of its financial position and results of operations and require
the application of significant judgment by management; as a
result they are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty.
Management believes the following critical accounting policies,
among others, involve its more significant judgments and
estimates used in the preparation of its consolidated financial
statements.   
Revenue Recognition.
The Company recognizes revenue on the invoice basis except with
respect to its Meridian VAT Reclaim Meridian and
Channel Revenue units where revenue is recognized on the cash
basis in accordance with guidance issued by the Securities and
Exchange Commission in Staff Accounting Bulletin
SAB No101, Revenue Recognition in
Financial Statements. Clients are invoiced for a
contractually specified percentage of amounts recovered when it
has been determined that they have received economic value
generally through credits taken against existing accounts
payable due to the involved vendors or refund checks received
from those vendors, and when the following criteria are met:
apersuasive evidence of an arrangement exists;
bservices have been rendered; cthe fee billed to
the client is fixed or determinable; and dcollectibility
is reasonably assured. The determination that each of the
aforementioned criteria are met requires the application of
significant judgment by management and a misapplication of this
judgment could result in inappropriate recognition of revenue.
Accounts Receivable Allowance for Doubtful
Accounts. The Company maintains
allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting
from the inability or unwillingness of its clients to make
required payments. If the financial condition of the
Companys clients were to deteriorate, or their operating
climate were to change, resulting in an impairment of either
their ability or willingness
22 Table of Contents   
to make payments, additional allowances may be
required. If the Companys estimate of required allowances
for doubtful accounts is determined to be insufficient, it could
result in decreased operating income in the period such
determination is made.
Goodwill and Other Intangible
Assets. As of December31, 2002,
the Company had unamortized goodwill of $3718million and
other intangible assets of $362million.
Effective January1, 2002, the Company
implemented Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
SFAS No142, Goodwill and Other
Intangible Assets. SFAS No142 requires that goodwill
and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives no longer be
amortized, but instead, such assets must be tested for
impairment at least annually in accordance with the provisions
of SFAS No142. This statement also requires that
intangible assets with estimable useful lives be amortized over
their respective estimated useful lives and reviewed for
impairment in accordance with SFAS No144, Accounting
for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets. The
Company and its independent valuation advisors completed all
required transitional testing related to the adoption of SFAS
No142 in the second quarter of 2002. Based upon this
testing, the Company concluded that all net goodwill balances
relating to its Communications Services and Channel Revenue
reporting units, which are part of the Companys Other
Ancillary Services segment, were impaired. As a result, the
Company recognized a before-tax charge of $283million as
a cumulative effect of an accounting change, retroactive to
January1, 2002. The Company recorded an income tax benefit
of $111million as a reduction to this goodwill impairment
charge, resulting in an after-tax charge of $172million.
During the fourth quarter of 2002, the Company, working with
independent valuation advisors, completed the required annual
impairment testing and concluded that there was not an
impairment of goodwill or intangible assets with indefinite
useful lives as of October1, 2002. As of December31,
2002, the Company had a consolidated goodwill asset of
$3718million, consisting of $3636 million relating to
the Accounts Payable Services segment and $82million
relating to the Other Ancillary Services segment, and other
intangible assets of $362million relating to the Accounts
Payable Services segment. To the extent that management or its
independent valuation advisers misjudges or miscalculates any
of the critical factors necessary to determine whether or not
there is a goodwill or other intangible assets impairment, or if
any of our goodwill or other intangible assets are accurately
determined to be impaired, our future earnings could be
materially adversely impacted.
Income Taxes. The
Company records a valuation allowance to reduce its deferred tax
assets to the amount that it believes is more likely than not to
be realized. While the Company has considered future taxable
income and ongoing prudent and feasible tax planning strategies
in assessing the need for the valuation allowance, in the event
the Company were to determine that it would not be able to
realize all or part of its net deferred tax assets in the
future, an adjustment to the deferred tax assets would be
charged to income in the period such determination was made.
Likewise, should the Company determine that it would be able to
realize its deferred tax assets in the future in excess of its
net recorded amount, an adjustment to the deferred tax assets
would increase income in the period such determination was made.
23 Table of Contents Results of Operations The following table sets forth the percentage of
revenues represented by certain items in the Companys
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the periods indicated   
Years Ended December 31   
2002
2001
2000   
Statements of Operations Data:
Revenues
1000
%
1000
%
1000
Cost of revenues
573
575
588
Selling, general and administrative expenses
312
379
351
Operating income
115
46
61
Interest expense, net
20
28
25
Earnings from continuing operations before income
taxes, discontinued operations and cumulative effect of
accounting changes
95
18
36
Income taxes
35
11
20
Earnings from continuing operations before
discontinued operations and cumulative effect of accounting
changes
60
07
16
Discontinued operations:
Loss from discontinued operations, net of income
taxes.
10
59
Gain losson disposal/retention of
discontinued operations including operating results for phase
out period, net of income taxes
05
264
Earnings lossfrom discontinued operations
05
274
59
Earnings lossbefore cumulative effect of
accounting changes
65
267
43
Cumulative effect of accounting changes, net of
income taxes
37
87
Net earnings loss
28
%
267
%
130
On January24, 2002, the Company acquired
substantially all the assets and assumed certain liabilities of
Howard Schultz Associates International, Inc.
HSA-Texas, substantially all of the outstanding
stock of HSA International Pte Ltd. and all of the
outstanding stock of Howard Schultz Associates Asia
Limited, Howard Schultz Associates Australia, Inc. and
Howard Schultz Associates Canada, Inc., each an
affiliated foreign operating company of HSA-Texas see
Note15 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
included in Item8. of this Form10-K. The
acquisitions of the businesses of HSA-Texas and affiliates were
accounted for as purchase transactions. The operating results of
the acquired entities have been included in the Companys
results of operations since the date of acquisition. The Companys January24, 2002
acquisitions of the businesses of HSA-Texas and affiliates were
highly significant in size relative to the Companys size
immediately prior to such acquisitions. The Companys
Current Report on Form8-K dated January24, 2002
provides perspective on the relative sizes of the respective
entities. Pursuant to approximately six months of extensive
advance integration planning, the clients and associates of
HSA-Texas and affiliates were integrated with those of the
Company on January24, 2002 in such fashion that it is not
reasonably possible subsequent to January24, 2002 to
distinguish results of operations contributed by the
Companys historical business from those contributed by the
former HSA-Texas and affiliates. The Companys revenues from Accounts Payable
Services for the year ended December31, 2002 are only
moderately less than the aggregate Accounts Payable Services
revenues achieved by the two separate organizations during 2001
when taking into consideration the estimated revenues of the
various affiliated companies reacquired by HSA-Texas throughout
the course of 2001. Accordingly, the Company intends to 24 Table of Contents ascribe the substantial majority of its 2002
year-over-year Accounts Payable Services revenue growth to its
acquisitions of the businesses of HSA-Texas and affiliates. The
Company is unable to provide current-year versus prior-year
comparisons with respect to its historical business since that
business was fundamentally reconstituted on January24,
2002.   
2002 Compared to 2001 Revenues. The
Companys revenues from continuing operations consist
principally of contractual percentages of overpayments recovered
for clients. The Companys principal reportable operating
segment is the Accounts Payable Services segment with all other
operations included in the Other Ancillary Services segment see
Note5 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
included in Item8. of this Form10-K. Revenues from continuing operations increased
$1493million or 475% to $4633million in 2002, up
from $3140million in 2001. This year-over-year
improvement was comprised of an increase of $1496million
from the Companys Accounts Payable Services segment
partially offset by a decrease of $03million from the
Other Ancillary Services segment. Revenues from continuing operations from the
Companys Accounts Payable Services segment increased 577%
to $4089million during the year ended December31,
2002, up from $2593million during the comparable period
of 2001. Domestic revenues from continuing operations
generated by the Companys Accounts Payable Services
segment increased 507% to $2976million for the year
ended December31, 2002, up from $1975million for
the year ended December31, 2001. The increase in revenues
from domestic Accounts Payable Services operations was primarily
due to business gained through the Companys
January24, 2002 acquisitions of the businesses of
HSA-Texas and affiliates. Revenues from the international portion of the
Companys Accounts Payable Services segment increased 802%
to $1113million for the year ended December31,
2002, up from $618million for the year ended
December31, 2001. This growth in revenues from the
international Accounts Payable Services operations was driven by
the Companys January24, 2002 acquisitions of the
businesses of HSA-Texas and affiliates. The international
operations acquired as part of the acquisitions had a client
base that was predominately resident in Europe, where the
majority of the year-over-year increase in revenues from
international Accounts Payable Services occurred. Also
contributing to the increase in revenues were increased revenues
for the Companys Latin American and Canadian operations.
The increase in revenues for the Latin American operations was
primarily due to increased revenues from existing clients and
new business generated as the Company continues to expand in
this area. The increase in revenues for the Companys
Canadian operations was driven by the acquisitions of the
businesses of HSA-Texas and affiliates. Revenues from the Companys Other Ancillary
Services segment decreased 07% to $544million for the
year ended December31, 2002, down from $547 million for
the comparable period of the prior year. This decrease was
primarily driven by decreased revenues for the Communications
Services and Channel Revenue operations partially offset by an
increase in revenues generated by the Companys Meridian
operations. The Companys Communications Services
operations experienced a decrease in revenues of approximately
$11million during the year ended December31, 2002,
when compared to the same period of the prior year, primarily as
a result of the decision to no longer actively market one of the
divisions product lines and a decline in one specific
product line of the division during the first quarter of 2002
compared to the same period of 2001. Revenues generated by the
Companys Channel Revenue operations for the year ended
December31, 2002 decreased approximately $10 million,
primarily due to decreased revenues from existing clients and
the loss of two major clients. The Companys Meridian
operations experienced an increase in revenues of approximately
$18million due to an increase in claims with a higher fee
percentage and, to a lesser degree, an increase in non-VAT
processing services offered to clients. Cost of Revenues.
Cost of revenues consists principally
of commissions paid or payable to the Companys auditors
based primarily upon the level of overpayment recoveries, and
compensation paid to various types of hourly workers and
salaried operational managers. Also included in cost of revenues
are other 25 Table of Contents direct costs incurred by these personnel,
including rental of non-headquarters offices, travel and
entertainment, telephone, utilities, maintenance and supplies
and clerical assistance. Cost of revenues increased to $2655million
or 573% of revenues for the year ended December31, 2002,
compared to $1805million or 575% of revenues for the
year ended December31, 2001. Cost of revenues from the Companys Accounts
Payable Services segment increased to $2291million or
560% of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2002, an
increase from $1414million or 546% of revenues for the
year ended December31, 2001. Domestically, cost of revenues for Accounts
Payable Services increased to $1622million for the year
ended December31, 2002 or 545% of domestic revenues for
Accounts Payable Services, compared to $1081million or
547% for the year ended December31, 2001. On dollar
basis, cost of revenues increased primarily due to increased
payroll expenses associated with increased year-over-year
revenues and increased rental expense due to leases acquired as
part of the HSA-Texas acquisitions. Internationally, cost of revenues for Accounts
Payable Services was $669 million for the year ended
December31, 2002 or 600% of international revenues from
Accounts Payable Services, an increase from $333million
or 540% of international revenues from Accounts Payable
Services for the year ended December31, 2001. The
year-over-year increase in the cost of revenues, on a dollar
basis and as a percentage of revenues for international Accounts
Payable Services was driven primarily by the Companys
European operations. The overall cost structure of the European
operations was significantly impacted by the acquisitions of the
businesses of HSA-Texas and affiliates. For the better part of
the year ended December31, 2002, the majority of the
European auditors acquired through the acquisitions retained
their independent contractor status. As independent contractors,
their compensation structure was higher than the compensation
structure of the Companys employee associates. As of
December31, 2002, the Company has been successful in
transitioning a majority of the European independent contractors
to employees. However, the UK auditors acquired through the
acquisitions are currently anticipated to retain their
independent contractor status. The year-over-year increase in
cost of revenues, on a dollar basis and as a percentage of
revenues in international Accounts Payable Services operations
was also impacted to a lesser degree by cost of revenues related
to the Companys Pacific operations. The Pacific operations
experienced an increase in cost of revenues as a percentage of
revenues and on a dollar basis, primarily due to increased
payroll expense as additional auditors were hired to support the
increase in new clients. New auditors are hired at a fixed
compensation rate resulting in higher cost of revenues as a
percentage of revenues during the ramp up period, which can be
six to nine months. After the ramp up period, these auditors are
usually transitioned to a variable-based compensation structure. Cost of revenues from the Companys Other
Ancillary Services operations was $364million or 670% of
revenues from Other Ancillary Services for the year ended
December31, 2002, compared to $391million or 714%
of revenues from Other Ancillary Services for the year ended
December31, 2001. The dollar and percentage decreases
year-over-year were primarily the result of a decrease in cost
of revenues on a dollar basis and as a percentage of revenues
for the Meridian operations. Also contributing to the decrease
in cost of revenues on a dollar basis were decreases in cost of
revenues for Communications Services and Channel Revenue.
Meridian implemented cost savings initiatives during 2002
including a streamlining of the workforce. Communications
Services auditors are predominately salaried, and as such, even
though on a dollar basis Communications Services cost of
revenues for the year ended December31, 2002 was slightly
lower than cost of revenues for the same period of the prior
year, this unit experienced an increase in cost of revenues as a
percentage of revenues due to costs being spread over a smaller
revenue base. Selling, General and Administrative Expenses.
Selling, general and administrative
expenses include the expenses of sales and marketing activities,
information technology services and the corporate data center,
human resources, legal, accounting, administration, currency
translation, headquarters-related depreciation of property and
equipment and amortization of intangibles with finite lives.
Effective January1, 2002, the Company implemented the
provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
SFAS No142, Goodwill and Other
Intangible Assets. SFAS No142 requires that an
intangible asset with a finite life be amortized over its useful
life and that intangibles with an infinite life and goodwill not
be amortized but 26 Table of Contents evaluated for impairment. Accordingly, results
for the year ended December31, 2002 do not include any
goodwill amortization or amortization of indefinite life
intangibles. For purposes of comparison, goodwill amortization
expense totaled $93million for the year ended
December31, 2001. Selling, general and administrative expenses
increased to $1447million for the year ended
December31, 2002, from $1189million for the same
period of the prior year. On a percentage basis, selling,
general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues
decreased to 312% for the year ended December31, 2002,
down from 379% for the year ended December31, 2001. Selling, general and administrative expenses,
excluding corporate overhead, for the Companys Accounts
Payable Services operations were $673 million for the year
ended December31, 2002, up from $664million for the
year ended December31, 2001. As a percentage of revenues
from Accounts Payable Services, selling, general and
administrative expenses, excluding corporate overhead, for the
Companys Accounts Payable Services operations were 165%
for the year ended December31, 2002, down from 256%
during the same period of the prior year. Domestically, excluding corporate overhead,
selling, general and administrative expenses for the
Companys domestic Accounts Payable Services operations
were $416million or 140% of revenues from domestic
Accounts Payable Services for the year ended December31,
2002, down from $485million or 246% of revenues from
domestic Accounts Payable Services during the same period of the
prior year. The year-over-year dollar improvement in selling,
general and administrative expenses for the Companys
domestic Accounts Payable Services operations resulted from both
the cessation of goodwill amortization as of January1,
2002 pursuant to SFAS No142 and a reduction in bad debt
expense, partially offset by an increase in additional payroll
and other expenses required to support the acquisitions of the
businesses of HSA-Texas and affiliates. For purposes of
comparison, during the year ended December31, 2001, the
Company incurred $77million of goodwill amortization
expense related to domestic Accounts Payable Services. During
the year ended December 31, 2001, the Companys domestic
Accounts Payable Services operations experienced increases in
accounts receivable reserves for client bankruptcies, primarily
due to K-Marts filing in January 2002 as it related to our
accounts receivable outstanding on December31, 2001. Other
than K-Mart, none of the Companys major clients declared
bankruptcy during the year ended December31, 2002. The
year-over-year improvement in selling, general and
administrative expenses, excluding corporate overhead, as a
percentage of revenues for the Companys domestic Accounts
Payable Services operations was also partially due to the
cessation of goodwill amortization and the reduction in bad debt
expense and the resulting reduced amount leveraged over
increased revenues. Also contributing to the year-over-year
improvement in selling, general and administrative expenses,
excluding corporate overhead, as a percentage of revenues was
the increase in payroll and other expenses required to support
the acquisitions of the businesses of HSA-Texas and affiliates
being leveraged over a substantially increased revenue base
year-over-year. Internationally, excluding corporate overhead,
selling, general and administrative expenses for the
Companys international Accounts Payable Services
operations were $257million or 231% of revenues for the
year ended December31, 2002, compared to
$179million or 288% of revenues from international
Accounts Payable Services for the year ended December31,
2001. The year-over-year dollar increase in selling, general and
administrative expenses for international Accounts Payable
Services was the result of an increase in staffing and other
expenses required to support the acquisitions of the businesses
of HSA-Texas and affiliates and transitional expenses and
non-recurring charges related to realignment and integration
activities, partially offset by a slight decrease in bad debt
expense for the Companys international Accounts Payable
Services operations. As a percentage of revenue, the
year-over-year improvement in selling, general and
administrative expenses, excluding corporate overhead, as a
percentage of revenues for the Companys international
Accounts Payable Services operations was also partially due to
decreased bad debt expense and decreased foreign currency
transaction losses. Also contributing to the year-over-year
improvement in selling, general and administrative expenses,
excluding corporate overhead, as a percentage of revenues was an
improvement in payroll and other expenses as a percentage of
revenues. While on a dollar basis, the Companys
international Accounts Payable services operations experienced
an increase in payroll and other expenses required to support
the acquisitions of the businesses of HSA-Texas and affiliates,
this increase was somewhat smaller than the year-over-year
increase in the revenue base. 27 Table of Contents Selling, general and administrative expenses,
excluding corporate overhead, for the Companys Other
Ancillary Services operations decreased to $97million or
178% of revenues from Other Ancillary Services for the year
ended December31, 2002, down from $143million or
263% of revenues from Other Ancillary Services for the year
ended December31, 2001. All three business units within
Other Ancillary Services contributed to the year-over-year
improvement in selling, general and administrative expenses as a
percentage of revenues. The Communications Services operations
improved their year-over-year expenses as a result of a
reduction in bad debt expense combined with a reduction in
managerial and clerical support costs. Meridian also contributed
to the improvement due to reductions in its third party
marketing fees and a reduction in year-over-year losses due to
the impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations upon its
facility with Barclays Bank. During 2001 and the first part of
2002, Meridian maintained a Receivable Financing Agreement the
Agreement with Barclays Bank plc
Barclays. Under the Agreement, Meridian sold all
eligible claims to Barclays in return for an up front cash
payment equivalent to 80% of the claims sold. This cash advance
was subject to a discount charge of 1% over a base rate subject
to a minimum base rate in the case of relevant currencies other
than the Euro and 25% in the case of the Euro. Meridian paid
off its facility with Barclays Bank during the third quarter of
2002 and terminated the agreement. The improvement in selling,
general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues
for the Channel Revenue operations was due to decreased payroll
expenses driven by a reduction in support staff and
non-recurring expenses incurred during 2001 related to
activities associated with the abandoned attempt to sell the
business unit. Also contributing to the decrease in selling,
general and administrative expenses experienced by each of the
business units reported as part of the Companys Other
Ancillary Services operations was the cessation of goodwill
amortization as of January1, 2002, pursuant to SFAS
No142. For purposes of comparison, during the year ended
December31, 2001, the Companys Other Ancillary
Services operations incurred $16million of goodwill
amortization. Corporate overhead selling, general and
administrative expenses include the expenses of the corporate
data center, human resources, legal and accounting,
administration, headquarters-related depreciation of property
and equipment and amortization of intangibles. Corporate
overhead selling, general, and administrative expenses increased
to $677million or 146% of total revenues from continuing
operations for the year ended December31, 2002, up from
$382million or 122% of total revenues from continuing
operations during the year ended December31, 2001. The
increase in corporate overhead selling, general and
administrative expenses on a dollar basis and as a percentage of
revenues was due to increased payroll expenses as a result of
increased incremental staffing and transitional expenses related
to consultancy services for HSA-Texas integration efforts, costs
incurred related to the relocation of the Companys
corporate office, costs incurred related to the integration of
the domestic retail and domestic commercial operations and
consolidation of certain functional support areas, increased
depreciation expense as a result of increases in property and
equipment, amortization of certain intangible assets with finite
lives that were assigned a value as part of the acquisitions of
the businesses of HSA-Texas and affiliates, increased
incremental information technology expenses for HSA-Texas
integration efforts, and additional expenses incurred to support
the expanded field operations due to the acquisitions of the
businesses of HSA-Texas and affiliates. Operating Income.
Operating income as a percentage of
revenues from continuing operations was 115% for the year ended
December31, 2002, compared to 46% for the year ended
December31, 2001. Operating income for Accounts Payable Services as
a percentage of revenues from Accounts Payable Services improved
to 275% for the year ended December 31, 2002 up from 199% for
the year ended December31, 2001 for the reasons discussed
above. Domestically, operating income for domestic
Accounts Payable Services as a percentage of domestic revenues
from Accounts Payable Services improved to 315% for the year
ended December31, 2002, up from 207% for the year ended
December31, 2001 for the reasons discussed above. Internationally, operating income for Accounts
Payable Services as a percentage of international revenues from
Accounts Payable Services decreased slightly to 168% for the
year ended December31, 2002, from 172% for the year ended
December31, 2001 for the reasons discussed above. 28 Table of Contents Operating income as a percentage of revenues from
the Companys Other Ancillary Services operations increased
to 152% for the year ended December 31, 2002, up from 24% for
the year ended December31, 2001 for the reasons discussed
above. Interest Expense, Net.
Interest expense, net for the year
ended December31, 2002 was $93million, up from
$89million for the year ended December31, 2001. The
Companys interest expense for the year ended December 31,
2002 was comprised of interest expense and amortization of the
discount related to the convertible notes, interest on
borrowings outstanding under the senior bank credit facility and
interest on debt acquired as part of the acquisitions of the
businesses of HSA-Texas and affiliates. The majority of the
Companys interest expense for 2001 related to its former
senior bank credit facility. During the year ended
December31, 2002, the Company had increased interest
expense related to the convertible notes issued in the fourth
quarter of 2001 and additional interest expense as a result of
debt acquired as part of the acquisitions of the businesses of
HSA-Texas and affiliates in January 2002. These increases in
interest expense were partially offset by lower interest expense
on bank borrowings, when compared to the prior year. The
decrease in interest expense on bank debt was due to lower
principal balances outstanding on bank borrowings and a lower
average interest rate. Earnings From Continuing Operations Before
Income Taxes, Discontinued Operations and Cumulative Effect of
Accounting Changes. The Company had
earnings from continuing operations before income taxes,
discontinued operations and cumulative effect of accounting
changes of $437million for the year ended
December31, 2002, up from $57million for the year
ended December 31, 2001. As a percentage of total revenues,
earnings from continuing operations before income taxes,
discontinued operations and cumulative effect of accounting
changes were 95% for the year ended December31, 2002
compared to 18% for the year ended December31, 2001. This
increase was due to an increase in revenues as a result of the
acquisitions of the businesses of HSA-Texas and affiliates,
partially offset by incremental infrastructure costs required to
support the increased operations in addition to other factors
discussed above. Income Taxes. The
provisions for income taxes for 2002 and 2001 consist of
federal, state and foreign income taxes at the Companys
effective tax rate, which approximated 37% for the year ended
December31, 2002 and 59% for the year ended
December31, 2001. The 37% rate is lower than in years
prior to 2002 due to the impact of the implementation of SFAS
No142, higher pre-tax earnings levels which served to
dilute the impact of non-deductible expense items, and various
tax planning strategies. Earnings Loss From Discontinued Operations.
In March 2001, the Company formalized
a strategic realignment initiative designed to enhance the
Companys financial position and clarify its investment and
operating strategy by focusing primarily on its core Accounts
Payable business. Under this strategic realignment initiative,
the Company announced its intent to divest the following
non-core businesses: Meridian VAT Reclaim Meridian
within the former Taxation Services segment, the Logistics
Management Services segment, the Communications Services segment
and the Channel Revenue division within the Accounts Payable
Services segment. The Company disposed of its Logistics
Management Services segment in October 2001 and closed a unit
within the Communications Services business during the third
quarter of 2001. Additionally, in December 2001, the Company
disposed of its French Taxation Services business which had been
part of continuing operations until time of disposal. Meridian, the Communication Services business and
the Channel Revenue business were originally offered for sale
during the first quarter of 2001. During the first quarter of
2002, the Company concluded that then current negative market
conditions were not conducive to receiving terms acceptable to
the Company for these businesses. As such, on January24,
2002, the Companys Board of Directors approved a proposal
to retain the Companys three remaining discontinued
operations. The Companys Consolidated Financial Statements
included in Item8. of this Form10-K have been
reclassified to reflect Meridian, the Communications Services
business and the Channel Revenue business as part of continuing
operations for all periods presented. The Company generated an after-tax loss from
discontinued operations related to French Taxation Services for
the year ended December31, 2001 of $33million. 29 Table of Contents During the year ended December31, 2002, the
Company recognized a net after-tax gain from discontinued
operations of $27million. During the quarter ended
March31, 2002, the Company recognized a net after-tax gain
from discontinued operations of $23million. The gain
resulted from the decision by the Companys Board of
Directors on January24, 2002 to retain Meridian, the
Communications Services business and the Channel Revenue
business and to reclassify these businesses as part of
continuing operations. The net gain of $23million
represents the excess of the carrying values of these three
businesses at historical cost as they were returned to
continuing operations over their former net realizable carrying
values while classified as discontinued operations.
Additionally, during the third quarter of 2002, the Company
recognized a gain on the sale of discontinued operations of
approximately $04million, net of tax expense of
approximately $03million, related to the receipt of a
portion of the revenue-based royalty from the sale of the
Logistics Management Services segment in October 2001, as
adjusted for certain expenses accrued as part of the estimated
loss on the sale of the segment. As required under accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America, during 2001 the
Company continually updated its assessment of the estimated gain
losson disposal from discontinued operations including
operating results for the phase-out period, net of tax. Due to
the negative impact of then prevailing economic conditions and
other factors on the anticipated collective net proceeds from
selling the then discontinued operations, the Company concluded
as of September 2001, that there would be an estimated net loss
of approximately $310million upon disposal of the
discontinued operations. The Company recorded this non-cash,
after-tax charge during the third quarter of 2001. As required
under accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America, net losses from the Logistics Management
Services segment and the subsequently closed unit within the
Communications Services business for the six months ended
June30, 2001 had been deferred since they were expected at
that time to be fully recoverable upon ultimate sale of these
businesses. Therefore, these losses have been included as part
of the one-time, non-cash, after tax charge. The $310 million
after-tax charge was comprised of an adjustment to the net
proceeds anticipated to be received upon the sale of the then
discontinued operations, estimated net earnings
lossesfrom the then discontinued operations for the year
ended December31, 2001 and estimated net earnings
lossesfrom the then discontinued operations for the
three months ended March31, 2002. The $310 million
after-tax charge included a $191million loss specifically
related to the Logistics Management Services segment that was
subsequently sold on October 30, 2001. The $310million
after-tax charge also included a $51million loss
specifically related to the unit that was closed within the
Communications Services segment. Additionally, the
$310million charge included approximately
$23million in net loss from discontinued operations that
were subsequently retained. Discontinued operations subsequently
retained have been included in continuing operations for all
periods presented. Cumulative Effect of Accounting Changes.
The Company adopted SFAS No. 142,
effective January1, 2002. SFAS No142 requires that
goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives no
longer be amortized, but instead, such assets must be tested for
impairment at least annually in accordance with the provisions
of SFAS No142. This statement also requires that
intangible assets with estimable useful lives be amortized over
their respective estimated useful lives and reviewed for
impairment in accordance with SFAS No144, Accounting
for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets. SFAS No142 also required that the Company
perform transitional goodwill impairment testing on recorded net
goodwill balances as they existed on January 1, 2002 using a
prescribed two-step, fair value approach. During the second
quarter of 2002, the Company, working with independent valuation
advisors, completed the required transitional impairment testing
and concluded that all recorded net goodwill balances associated
with its Communications Services and Channel Revenue units,
which are part of the Companys Other Ancillary Services
segment, were impaired as of January1, 2002 under the new
SFAS No142 guidance. As a result, the Company recognized
a before-tax charge of $283million as a cumulative effect
of an accounting change, retroactive to January1, 2002.
The Company recorded an income tax benefit of $111 million as a
reduction to this goodwill impairment charge, resulting in an
after-tax charge of $172million. During the fourth
quarter of 2002, the Company, working with independent valuation
advisors, completed the required annual impairment testing and
concluded that there was not an impairment of goodwill or
intangible assets with indefinite useful lives as of
October1, 2002. 30 Table of Contents Weighted-Average Shares
Outstanding Basic. The
Companys weighted-average shares outstanding for purposes
of calculating basic earnings per share increased to
627million for the year ended December31, 2002, up
from 483million for the year ended December31,
2001. This increase was comprised primarily of outstanding
shares issued in conjunction with the acquisitions of the
businesses of HSA-Texas and affiliates see Note15 of
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in
Item8. of this Form10-K.   
2001 Compared to 2000 Revenues. The
Companys revenues from continuing operations consist
principally of contractual percentages of overpayments recovered
for clients. The Companys principal reportable operating
segment is the Accounts Payable Services segment with all other
operations included in the Other Ancillary Services segment see
Note 5 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in
Item8. of this Form10-K. For the year ended December31, 2001,
revenues from continuing operations were $3140million or
40% higher than revenues from continuing operations of
$3021million achieved in the corresponding period of 2000. For the year ended December31, 2001,
revenues from Accounts Payable Services were $2593million
or 16% higher than revenues from Accounts Payable Services of
$2551million achieved in the corresponding period of 2000. Domestic revenues from Accounts Payable Services
increased 17% to $1975 million for the year ended
December31, 2001, up from $1941million for the
comparable period of 2000. The increase was primarily due to
increased revenues related to services provided to retail
clients partially offset by decreased revenues related to
services provided to commercial clients. Services provided to
commercial clients tend to be either one-time or
rotational in nature with different divisions of a given client
often audited in pre-arranged annual sequences. Accordingly,
revenues derived from a given client may change markedly from
year-to-year depending on factors such as the size and nature of
the client division under audit. Internationally, revenues from Accounts Payable
Services increased slightly to $618million in 2001, up
from $610million in 2000. This growth in international
Accounts Payable Services was the result of modest growth in
Canada due to new clients and an expansion of services to
existing clients. This increase was partially offset by a
decrease in year-over-year revenues for Europe primarily due to
the loss of one significant client. Revenues from the Companys Other Ancillary
Services segment increased 166% to $547million for the
year ended December31, 2001, up from $470 million for the
comparable period of the prior year. This increase was primarily
driven by increases in revenue for the Communications Services
operations and the Meridian operations. The Companys
Communications Services operations experienced an increase in
revenues of approximately $54million during the year
ended December31, 2001, when compared to the prior year.
Results for the year ended December31, 2001 included a
full year of revenues related to the Companys June1,
2000 acquisition of TSL Services, Inc. TSL
compared to seven months of revenues for the year ended
December31, 2000. Additionally the Companys Meridian
operations experienced an increase in revenues of approximately
$23million for the year ended December31, 2001,
when compared to the year ended December31, 2000 as the
result of increased cash collections for claim submissions.
Revenues for Channel Revenue were flat at $54million for
the years ended December31, 2001 and 2000. Cost of Revenues.
Cost of revenues consists principally
of commissions paid or payable to the Companys auditors
based primarily upon the level of overpayment recoveries, and
compensation paid to various types of hourly workers and
salaried operational managers. Also included in cost of revenues
are other direct costs incurred by these personnel including
rental of non-headquarters offices, travel and entertainment,
telephone, utilities, maintenance and supplies and clerical
assistance. Cost of revenues was $1805million or 575%
of revenues for the year ended December31, 2001, compared
to $1777million or 588% of revenues for the year ended
December31, 2000. 31 Table of Contents Cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues from
Accounts Payable Services was 546% of revenues for both years
ended December31, 2001 and 2000. Domestically, for the year ended
December31, 2001, cost of revenues as a percentage of
revenues from domestic Accounts Payable Services improved
compared to the same period of the prior year. For the year
ended December31, 2001, domestic cost of revenues as a
percentage of revenues from domestic Accounts Payable Services
was 547%, a decrease compared to 558% for 2000. This
year-over-year decrease was primarily due to one-time charges
taken in 2000 for employee advance account reductions due to
auditor draws forgiven. Cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues from
international Accounts Payable Services increased to 540% in
the year ended 2001, up from 510% in the comparable period of
2000. This year-over-year increase was the result of increased
levels of auditor staffing in the developing areas of Latin
America and Asia. These countries added staff in order to
penetrate new markets. During the initial period as new markets
are entered, audit staff compensation is spread over a
relatively small revenue base, which serves to increase the cost
of revenues as a percentage of revenues. Cost of revenues from the Companys Other
Ancillary Services operations was $391million or 714% of
revenues for the year ended December31, 2001 compared to
$383million or 815% of revenues for the year ended
December31, 2000. This percentage decrease was primarily
the result of a decrease in cost of revenues as a percentage of
revenues for Meridian partially offset by an increase in cost of
revenues as a percentage of revenues for Communications Services
operations. On a year-over-year basis, Meridian experienced a
decrease in cost of revenues both on a dollar basis of
$39million and as a percentage of revenues as a result of
operational improvements combined with an increase in revenues.
The increase in Communication Services cost of revenues
expenditures is a result of increased staffing in anticipation
of future growth. Selling, General and Administrative Expenses.
Selling, general and administrative
expenses include the expenses of sales and marketing activities,
information technology services and the corporate data center,
human resources, legal and accounting, administration, accounts
receivable reserves, the impact of foreign currency
transactions, headquarters-related depreciation of property and
equipment and amortization of intangibles. Selling, general and administrative expenses
increased to $1189million for the year ended
December31, 2001, from $1060million for the year
ended December31, 2000. On a percentage basis, selling,
general and administrative expenses, as a percentage of revenues
increased to 379% in 2001, up from 351% in 2000. For the year ended December31, 2001,
selling, general and administrative expenses, excluding
corporate overhead, were 257% of revenues from Accounts Payable
Services, compared to 236% for 2000. Domestically, excluding corporate overhead,
selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of
revenues from domestic Accounts Payable Services were 246% in
the year ended December31, 2001, up from 239% during the
same period of the prior year. The increase in selling, general
and administrative expenses on a year-over-year basis was
primarily due to increases in accounts receivable reserves
related to the Companys domestic operations, including
additional reserves for client bankruptcies, primarily K-Mart,
partially offset by a reduction in administrative support costs. Internationally, selling, general and
administrative expenses, excluding corporate overhead, as a
percentage of revenues from the Companys international
Accounts Payable Services increased to 288% in the year ended
December31, 2001, up from 225% in 2000, primarily due to
increases in accounts receivable reserves, particularly in
Europe and Latin America. Additionally, Latin America incurred
increased expenses in 2001 as a result of expansion of the
commercial operations in Mexico and Brazil. Selling, general and administrative expenses,
excluding corporate overhead, for the Companys Other
Ancillary Services operations increased to $144million or
263% of revenues for the year ended December31, 2001, up
from $56million or 119% of revenues for the year ended
December31, 2000. Excluding corporate overhead, selling,
general and administrative expenses from Other Ancillary
Services increased, both on a dollar basis and a percentage
basis, primarily due to an increase in administrative support
costs for both 32 Table of Contents Meridian and Communication Services and an
increase in bad debt expense related to the Communications
Services operations. Corporate overhead selling, general and
administrative expenses include the expenses of the corporate
data center, human resources, legal and accounting,
administration, headquarters-related depreciation of property
and equipment and amortization of intangibles. Corporate
overhead selling, general and administrative expenses as a
percentage of revenues from continuing operations was 122% in
the year ended December31, 2001, down from 134% in the
same period of 2000. This decrease is due in part to reduced
period costs in 2001 for general expenses such as consulting
fees and professional services and severance costs. During 2001,
the Company incurred approximately $160million for
consulting and professional services of which approximately
$80million was capitalized as part of the acquisitions of
HSA-Texas and affiliates, with the remaining $80million
being expensed as incurred. Additionally, in 2001, the Company
wrote-off $26million in unamortized deferred loan costs
as a result of the early termination of its then existing senior
credit facility. Conversely, the Company incurred approximately
$103million for consulting and professional services in
2000, all of which was expensed as incurred. Additionally, the
Company had a year-over-year decrease in severance costs of
approximately $17million. During 2001, the Company
continued to incur corporate overhead expenses to support its
then discontinued operations. Under accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America, a Company is
not allowed to allocate general corporate overhead costs to
discontinued operations with the exception of applicable
interest expense. In connection with acquired businesses, the
Company has recorded intangible assets including goodwill and
deferred non-compete costs. Amortization of these intangible
assets totaled $102million and $101million in 2001
and 2000, respectively. As of January1, 2002, goodwill and
intangible assets with indefinite lives are no longer subject to
amortization pursuant to SFAS No142, Goodwill
and Other Intangible Assets. Operating Income.
Operating income as a percentage of revenues from continuing
operations was 46% in 2001, compared to 61% in 2000. Operating income as a percentage of revenues from
Accounts Payable Services was 199% in 2001, compared to 218%
in 2000. Internationally, operating income as a percentage
of revenues in the international portion of the Companys
Accounts Payable Services operations was 172% in the year ended
December31, 2001, down from 265% in the year ended
December31, 2000. The decline was driven by the increased
cost of revenues and selling, general and administrative
expenses as discussed above. Domestically, operating income as a percentage of
domestic revenues from Accounts Payable Services, excluding
corporate overhead, increased to 207% in 2001, up from 203% in
2000, for reasons outlined above. Operating income as a percentage of revenues from
the Companys Other Ancillary Services operations decreased
to 24% in 2001, down from 66% in 2000, for reasons outlined
above. Interest Expense,
Net. Interest expense, net for the
year ended 2001 was $89million, up from $76million
in 2000. Most of the Companys interest expense in 2001 and
2000 pertained to its previously existing $2000million
senior credit facility with a banking syndicate which was
replaced with a three year $550million senior credit
facility on December31, 2001. The Company historically
made periodic borrowings under the former $2000million
credit facility primarily to finance the cash portion of
considerations paid for businesses it acquired see Notes2
and 15 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in
Item8. of this Form10-K. Without these
acquisitions, the Companys need for bank borrowings would
have been minimal. The year-over-year increase in interest
expense was directly attributable to higher outstanding balances
due to borrowings under the senior credit facility during the
year ended December31, 2001 and a higher weighted average
interest rate on outstanding borrowings year-over-year. Although
the external interest rate environment improved in 2001 in
comparison to 2000, the Company incurred increased marginal
interest charges over the prevailing rates in 2001 versus 2000
due to the tiered pricing structure of the $2000million
senior credit facility. Specifically, in 2001 the Companys
bank covenant ratios deteriorated in relationship to the ratios
achieved in 2000. This deterioration in ratios caused the
Company to move into a higher interest rate strata within the
tiered pricing structure of the $2000million senior
credit facility. 33 Table of Contents On November26, 2001, the Company completed
a $950million offering of its 43/4% convertible
subordinated notes due in 2006. The Company issued an additional
$150million of the notes on December3, 2001, and on
December4, 2001, the initial purchasers of the notes
issued on November26, 2001 purchased an additional
$150million of the notes to cover over allotments,
bringing to $1250million the aggregate amount issued. The
Company received net proceeds from the offering of approximately
$1214million. The proceeds of the notes were used to pay
down the Companys outstanding balance under its senior
credit facility. The convertible notes had minimal impact on
interest expense during the year ended December31, 2001,
because, they were issued late in the year. Earnings From Continuing Operations Before
Income Taxes, Discontinued Operations and Cumulative Effect of
Accounting Changes. Earnings from
continuing operations before income taxes, discontinued
operations and cumulative effect of accounting changes as a
percentage of total revenues were 18% in 2001, compared to 36%
in 2000. The change in earnings from continuing operations
before income taxes, discontinued operations and cumulative
effect of accounting changes was the result of the factors noted
above. Income Taxes. The
provisions for income taxes for 2001 and 2000 consist of
federal, state and foreign income taxes at the Companys
effective tax rate, which approximated 59% for the year, ended
December31, 2001 and 54% for the year ended
December31, 2000. These rates were higher than in years
prior to 2000 due to the impact of non-deductible items such as
portions of goodwill combined with lower levels of earnings. Earnings Loss From Discontinued
Operations. In March 2001, the Company
formalized a strategic realignment initiative designed to
enhance the Companys financial position and clarify its
investment and operating strategy by focusing primarily on its
core Accounts Payable business. Under this strategic realignment
initiative, the Company announced its intent to divest the
following non-core businesses: Meridian within the former
Taxation Services segment, the Logistics Management Services
segment, the Communications Services segment and the Channel
Revenue division within the Accounts Payable Services segment.
The Company disposed of its Logistics Management Services
segment in October 2001 and closed a unit within the
Communications Services business during the third quarter of
2001. Additionally, in December 2001, the Company disposed of
its French Taxation Services business which had been part of
continuing operations until time of disposal. Meridian, the Communication Services business and
the Channel Revenue business were originally offered for sale
during the first quarter of 2001. During the first quarter of
2002, the Company concluded that then current negative market
conditions were not conducive to receiving terms acceptable to
the Company for these businesses. As such, on January24,
2002, the Companys Board of Directors approved a proposal
to retain the Companys three remaining discontinued
operations. The Companys Consolidated Financial Statements
included in Item8. of this Form10-K have been
reclassified to reflect Meridian, the Communication Services
business and the Channel Revenue business as part of continuing
operations and to reflect French Taxation Services, the
Logistics Management segment and the closed unit within the
Communications Services business as discontinued for all periods
presented. The Company incurred a loss from discontinued
operations for the year ended December31, 2001 of
$860million compared to a loss of $179million for
2000. The Company generated an after tax loss from discontinued
operations of $33million related to French Taxation
Services for the year ended December31, 2001.
Additionally, approximately $782million of the loss for
the year ended December31, 2001 was due to the losses on
the sales of the French Taxation Services business which had
been part of continuing operations until time of disposal and is
included in discontinued operations for all for all periods
presented in this Form10-K. See Note2 to of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item8. of
this Form10-K. and the Logistics Management Services
segment of approximately $540million and
$191million, respectively, as well as the closing of a
unit within the Communications Services segment which resulted
in a loss of approximately $51million. As required under accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America, the Company had
continually updated its assessment of the estimated gain
losson disposal from discontinued operations including
operating results for the phase-out period, net of tax. Due to
the negative impact of prevailing economic conditions and other
factors on the anticipated collective net proceeds from selling
the 34 Table of Contents discontinued operations, the Company concluded as
of September 2001, that there would be an estimated net loss of
approximately $310million upon disposal of the
discontinued operations. The Company recorded this non-cash,
after-tax charge during the third quarter of 2001. The
$310million after-tax charge is comprised of an
adjustment to the net proceeds anticipated to be received upon
the sale of the discontinued operations, net losses from
discontinued operations for the year ended December 31, 2001 and
estimated net earnings lossesfrom discontinued
operations for the three months ending March31, 2002. The
$310million after-tax charge includes a
$191million loss specifically relating to the Logistics
Management Services segment that was subsequently sold on
October30, 2001. The $310million after-tax charge
also includes a $51million loss specifically relating to
the closing of a unit within the Communications Services segment. The Company recognized an after-tax non-recurring
goodwill impairment charge of approximately $192million
in 2000 to adjust the net book value of the goodwill contained
within the closed unit within the Communications Services
business and goodwill contained within the French Taxation
Services segment. Cumulative Effect of Accounting
Changes. The $261million
cumulative effect of accounting change in 2000 was due to the
Companys decision to retroactively change its method of
accounting for revenue recognition for the Meridian and Channel
Revenue divisions, in consideration of guidance issued by the
Securities and Exchange Commission under Staff Accounting
Bulletin No101 Revenue Recognition in Financial
Statements SAB101 See Note1d
of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in
Item8. of this Form10-K. Weighted-Average Shares
Outstanding Basic. The
Companys weighted-average shares outstanding for purposes
of calculating basic earnings per share were 483million
for the year ended December31, 2001, down from
489million for the year ended December31, 2000.
This decrease was comprised primarily of outstanding shares
repurchased in the open market under the Companys publicly
announced share repurchase program in the third quarter of 2000,
partially offset by restricted, unregistered shares issued by
the Company in April, 2001 in connection with the Groupe AP
earnout. 35 Table of Contents Quarterly Results The following tables set forth certain unaudited
quarterly financial data for each of the last eight quarters
during the Companys fiscal years ended December 2002 and
2001. The information has been derived from unaudited
Consolidated Financial Statements that, in the opinion of
management, reflect all adjustments consisting only of normal
recurring adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of such
quarterly information. The operating results for any quarter are
not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any
future period.   
2002 Quarter Ended
2001 Quarter Ended   
Mar31
June30
Sept30
Dec31
Mar31
June30
Sept30
Dec31   
In thousands, except per share data   
Revenues
$
110,286
$
118,297
$
116,116
$
118,598
$
73,770
$
79,192
$
74,690
$
86,373
Cost of revenues
63,248
68,689
64,758
68,793
41,709
46,164
42,528
50,118
Selling, general and administrative expenses
36,141
34,949
34,097
39,537
29,015
28,444
27,341
34,102
Operating income
10,897
14,659
17,261
10,268
3,046
4,584
4,821
2,153
Interest expense, net
2,245
2,429
2,484
2,181
2,498
2,331
2,969
1,105
Earningsfrom continuing operations before
income taxes, discontinued operations and cumulative effect of
accounting changes
8,652
12,230
14,777
8,087
548
2,253
1,852
1,048
Income taxes
3,287
4,439
5,468
2,992
290
1,189
978
906
Earnings from continuing operations before
discontinued operations and cumulative effect of accounting
changes
5,365
7,791
9,309
5,095
258
1,064
874
142
Discontinued operations:
Earnings lossfrom discontinued operations
979
464
140
1,991
Gain loss on disposal/retention of discontinued
operations
2,310
406
28,807
53,948
Earnings lossfrom discontinued operations
2,310
406
979
464
28,667
55,939
Earnings lossbefore cumulative effect of
accounting changes
7,675
7,791
9,715
5,095
721
600
27,793
55,797
Cumulative effect of accounting changes
17,208
Net earnings loss
$
9,533
$
7,791
$
9,715
$
5,095
$
721
$
600
$
27,793
$
55,797
Basic earnings lossper share:
Earnings from continuing operations before
discontinued operations and cumulative effect of accounting
changes
$
009
$
012
$
014
$
008
$
$
002
$
002
$
Discontinued operations
004
001
002
001
059
115
Cumulative effect of accounting changes
029
Net earnings loss
$
016
$
012
$
015
$
008
$
002
$
001
$
057
$
115
Diluted earnings lossper share:
Earningsfrom continuing operations before
discontinued operations and cumulative effect of accounting
changes
$
008
$
011
$
013
$
008
$
$
002
$
002
$
Discontinued operations
003
002
001
058
114
Cumulative effect of accounting changes
022
Net earnings loss
$
011
$
011
$
013
$
008
$
002
$
001
$
056
$
114
Prior to 2001, the Company had historically
experienced significant seasonality in its business. The Company
typically realized higher revenues and operating income in the
last two quarters of its fiscal year. This trend reflected the
inherent purchasing and operational cycles of the Companys
clients. During the year 36 Table of Contents ended December31, 2001 the Company did not
experience the revenue and operating income trend that it had
historically experienced in prior years due primarily to the
impact of the events in the United States on September11,
2001 and costs incurred that were associated with the
Companys abandoned attempt to sell certain discontinued
operations subsequently retained. Since January24, 2002,
the Companys results of operations have included the
results of the business acquired as part of the acquisitions of
the businesses of HSA-Texas and affiliates. Also impacting 2002,
were certain costs associated with the integration of the
acquired operations and the integration of the Companys
domestic retail and domestic commercial operations. The Company
currently believes that revenues and operating income in 2003
will return to the same seasonality patterns previously
experienced prior to 2001. Liquidity and Capital Resources Net cash provided by operating activities was
$428million, $292million and $188million
during the years ended December31, 2002, 2001 and 2000,
respectively. Cash provided by operating activities during the
year ended December31, 2002 was the result of earnings
from continuing operations, an increase in deferred income tax
assets primarily due to the acquisitions of the businesses of
HSA-Texas and affiliates, as offset by current year net taxes
payable, and a one-time payment of approximately
$74million of obligations owed to former HSA-Texas
independent contractor associates resulting from pre-merger
revisions made to their contractual compensation agreements as
well as the cash provided by normal operations. Net cash used in investing activities was $206
million during the year ended December31, 2002 compared to
net cash provided by used in investing activities of
$425million and $687 million during the years ended
December 31, 2001 and 2000, respectively. Cash used in investing
activities during the year ended December31, 2002 related
primarily to capital expenditures of approximately
$246million partially offset by $40million in net
cash on hand provided by HSA-Texas and affiliates at the time of
their acquisitions. Cash provided by investing activities during
the year ended December31, 2001 related primarily to cash
proceeds from the sale of discontinued operations. Cash used in
investing activities during the year ended December31,
2000 related primarily to $400 million of additional purchase
price consideration earnoutpaid to the former owners of
Loder, Drew Associates, Inc. LDA and
$183million related to the acquisition of TSL. Net cash used in financing activities was $421
million during the year ended December31, 2002 compared to
net cash provided by used in financing activities of $346
million and $445million for the years ended December 31,
2001 and 2000, respectively. The net cash used in financing
activities during the year ended December31, 2002 related
primarily to the repayment of certain indebtedness acquired in
the acquisitions of the business of HSA-Texas and affiliates,
net repayments of notes payable, including the repayment of
Meridians facility with Barclays Bank, the exercise of an
option to purchase 145million shares from an affiliate of
Howard Schultz, a director of the Company, and the repurchase of
08million treasury shares on the open market. These uses
of cash for financing activities were offset by cash provided by
borrowings under the Companys credit facility to fund the
purchase of treasury shares, cash provided from common stock
issuances related to the exercise of vested stock options and
cash provided by purchases of the Companys common stock
under the Companys employee stock purchase plan. The net
cash used in financing activities during the year ended
December31, 2001 related primarily to repayment of all
outstanding principal balances under the Companys
then-existing $2000million credit facility which was
terminated and replaced on December31, 2001 using the net
cash proceeds from the issuance of $1250million of
convertible notes and cash provided by the sales of certain
discontinued operations. The net cash provided by financing
activities during the year ended December31, 2000 related
primarily to proceeds borrowed under the Companys
then-existing $2000million credit facility, net of
treasury share purchases. Net cash provided by discontinued operations was
$04million during the year ended December31, 2002.
Net cash used in discontinued operations was $225million
during the year ended December31, 2001. During the year
ended December31, 2000, net cash provided by discontinued
operations was $13 million. During the third quarter of 2002,
the Company recognized a gain on the sale of discontinued
operations of approximately $04million, net of tax
expense of approximately $03million, related to the
receipt of a portion of the revenue-based royalty from the sale
of the Logistics Management Services segment in October 2001, as
adjusted for certain expenses accrued as part of the estimated
loss on the sale of the segment. Cash used in 37 Table of Contents discontinued operations for the year ended
December31, 2001 was primarily due to the $73 million
Groupe AP earnout, increased operational funding provided to
Meridian and cash used to support the discontinued operations
marketing process which was extensive and costly. The Company maintains a $550million senior
bank credit facility that is syndicated between three banking
institutions led by Bank of America, N.A. as agent for the
group. Borrowings under the $550million credit facility
are subject to limitations based upon the Companys
eligible accounts receivable. The Company is not required to
make principal payments under the senior bank credit facility
until its maturity on December31, 2004 unless the Company
violates its debt covenants or unless other stipulated events,
as defined in the credit facility agreement, occur including,
but not limited to, the Companys outstanding facility
borrowings exceeding the prescribed accounts receivable
borrowing base. The credit facility is secured by substantially
all assets of the Company and interest on borrowings is tied to
either the prime rate or London Interbank Offered Rate
LIBOR at the Companys option. The credit
facility requires a fee for committed but unused credit capacity
of 50% per annum. The credit facility contains customary
covenants, including financial ratios. At December 31, 2002, the
Company was in compliance with all such covenants. At December
31, 2002, the Company had approximately $264million of
borrowings outstanding and a $31million USD equivalent
standby letter of credit under the $550 million senior bank
credit facility and an accounts receivable borrowing base of
$500million, which therefore permitted up to
$205million in additional borrowings as of that date. On January24, 2002, the Company acquired
substantially all the assets and assumed certain liabilities of
Howard Schultz Associates International, Inc.
HSA-Texas, substantially all of the outstanding
stock of HSA International Pte Ltd. and all of the
outstanding stock of Howard Schultz Associates Asia
Limited, Howard Schultz Associates Australia, Inc
and Howard Schultz Associates Canada, Inc., each an
affiliated foreign operating company of HSA-Texas, pursuant to
an amended and restated agreement and plan of reorganization by
and among PRG-Schultz, HSA-Texas, Howard Schultz, AndrewH.
Schultz and certain trusts dated December11, 2001 the
Asset Agreement and an amended and restated
agreement and plan of reorganization by and among PRG-Schultz,
Howard Schultz, AndrewH. Schultz, AndrewH. Schultz
Irrevocable Trust and Leslie Schultz dated December11,
2001 the Stock Agreement. Pursuant to the Asset and Stock Agreements, the
consideration paid for the assets of HSA-Texas and affiliates
was 14,759,970 unregistered shares of the Companys common
stock and the assumption of certain HSA-Texas liabilities. In
addition, options to purchase approximately 11million
shares of the Companys common stock were issued in
exchange for outstanding HSA-Texas options. The Companys
available cash balances and $550million senior bank
credit facility were used to fund closing costs related to the
acquisitions of the businesses of HSA-Texas and affiliates and
to repay certain indebtedness of HSA-Texas. During August 2002, an affiliate of Howard
Schultz, a director of the Company, granted the Company two
options the First Option Agreement and the
Second Option Agreement to purchase, in total,
approximately 29million shares of the Companys
common stock at a price of $872 per share plus accretion of 8%
per annum from August27, 2002. On September20, 2002,
the Company exercised the First Option Agreement in its
entirety. The Second Option Agreement expires on May9,
2003. On October24, 2002, the Board authorized
the repurchase of up to $500 million of the Companys
common shares. Purchases may be made in the open market or in
privately negotiated transactions from time to time, and will
depend on market conditions, business opportunities and other
factors. The Company anticipates funding the purchases through a
combination of cash flows from operations and borrowings under
the Companys senior bank credit facility. Future
repurchases of the Companys common shares, regardless of
the funding source, are subject to limitations as defined in the
credit facility agreement. Included in this authorization is the
possibility of the Company exercising the Second Option to
purchase up to approximately 145million shares from an
affiliate of Howard Schultz, a director of the Company. 38 Table of Contents A summary through December 31, 2002 of the
Companys purchases of its common stock, by transaction,
made under this authorization to repurchase up to
$500million of the Companys common shares is as
follows in thousands, except per share data ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY
SECURITIES   
Maximum Approximate   
Total
Identity of
Number of Shares
Dollar Value of Shares   
Number of
Average
Broker-dealers
Purchased as Part
That May Yet Be   
Shares
Price Paid
Used to Effect
of Publicly
Purchased Under the   Period
Purchased
per Share
Purchases
Announced Plans
Plans or Programs   
October24, 2002
$
50,000
November1, 2002 through November30,
2002
608
$
9145
CIBC Oppenheimer
608
$
44,440
December1, 2002 through December31,
2002
200
$
9606
CIBC Oppenheimer
200
$
42,519
Total
808
$
9259
808
During 2002, the Company incurred non-recurring
expenses of approximately $294million relating to the
integration of HSA-Texas and affiliates. Of the total expenses
the Company incurred, approximately $90million of
one-time charges related to employee severance and costs
associated with the elimination of duplicate facilities and
facilities relocations including a planned relocation of the
Companys executive offices. Transition expenses, which
represent certain consulting costs as well as duplicative costs
that were eliminated over the course of 2002, were
$204million. These costs relate primarily to
centralization of information technology functions, employment
of duplicate personnel for a transition period, amortization of
certain intangibles with two-month lives that were assigned a
value as part of the HSA-Texas acquisitions, and consultancy
services related to integration execution. The integration of
HSA-Texas and affiliates has been concluded as of
December31, 2002. In order to further leverage its combined
industry expertise, effectively and efficiently align and
execute service delivery to address the needs and opportunities
of existing and prospective clients, and capitalize on
broad-scope audit opportunities, the Company is in the process
of integrating its domestic retail and domestic commercial
Accounts Payable operations. This organizational change entailed
the integration of the domestic retail and domestic commercial
operations, sales and account management teams as well as the
consolidation of certain functional support areas. The Company
incurred a non-recurring charge of approximately
$51million during the fourth quarter 2002 related to
severance and facilities consolidation. As disclosed in the Companys publicly
announced press release on February 27, 2003, the Company
anticipates making capital expenditures in the range of
$130million to $150million during 2003.   
Contractual Obligations and Other
Commitments As discussed in the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements included in Item8. of this
Form10-K, the Company has certain contractual obligations
and other commitments. A summary of those commitments is as
follows   
Payments Due by Period   
In thousands   
Less
More   
Than
3-5
Than   Contractual Obligations
Total
1Year
1-3 Years
Years
5Years   
Long-term debt
$
31,890
$
5,527
$
26,363
$
$
Leases
74,319
11,031
16,868
10,779
35,641
Convertible notes
125,000
125,000
Total
$
231,209
$
16,558
$
168,231
$
10,779
$
35,641
39 Table of Contents As of December31, 2002, the Company
maintained a Standby Letter of Credit with Bank of America, N.A.
in the face amount of 30million EUR $31million
USD at December31, 2002. At February28, 2003, the
Company had no borrowings outstanding under the Letter of Credit
and therefore has no repayment obligation. The Company intends to significantly limit future
business acquisitions to those having compelling strategic
importance. There can be no assurance, however, that the Company
will be successful in consummating further acquisitions due to
factors such as receptivity of potential acquisition candidates
and valuation issues. The Company from time to time issues common stock
in partial consideration for the business entities it acquires.
The timing and quantity of any future securities issuances are
not susceptible to estimation. Additionally, if the Company is
successful in arranging for future acquisitions, which
individually or collectively are large relative to the
Companys size, it may need to secure additional debt or
equity financing. There can be no assurance that the Company can
secure such additional financing if needed. The Company believes that its working capital,
availability under its $550million senior bank credit
facility and cash flows generated from future operations will be
sufficient to meet the Companys working capital and
capital expenditure requirements through December31, 2003. New Accounting Standards In January 2003, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board FASB issued FASB Interpretation
FIN No46, Consolidation of Variable
Interest Entities. The objective of FIN No46 is to
improve financial reporting by companies involved with variable
interest entities. Until now, one company generally has included
another entity in its consolidated financial statements only if
it controlled the entity through voting interests. FIN
No46 requires a variable interest entity to be
consolidated by a company if that company is subject to a
majority of the risk of loss from the variable interest
entitys activities or entitled to receive a majority of
the entitys residual returns or both. The consolidation
requirements of FIN No46 apply immediately to variable
interest entities created after January31, 2003. The
consolidation requirements apply to previously existing entities
in the first fiscal year or interim period beginning after
June15, 2003. Certain of the disclosure requirements apply
in all financial statements issued after January31, 2003,
regardless of when the variable interest entity was established.
The Company does not expect the adoption of FIN No46 to
have a material impact on its operating results or financial
position. In December 2002, the FASB issued Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards SFAS No148,
Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation
Transition and Disclosure an amendment of FASB
Statement No123. SFAS No148 provides
alternative methods of transition for a voluntary change to the
fair value based method of accounting for stock-based employee
compensation and amends the related existing disclosure
requirements. As more fully described in Note 16 of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item8. of
this Form10-K, the Company accounts for its stock-based
compensation under the recognition and measurement principles of
Accounting Principles Board Opinion No25, Accounting
for Stock Issued to Employees. Accordingly, SFAS
No148 does not have an impact on the Companys
operating results or financial position. In November 2002, the FASB issued FIN
No45, Guarantors Accounting and Disclosure
Requirements for Guarantees, Including Indirect Guarantees of
Indebtedness of Others, which will significantly change the
accounting for, and disclosure of, guarantees. FIN No45
requires a guarantor to recognize, at the inception of a
guarantee, a liability for the fair value of the obligation
undertaken in issuing the guarantee. FIN No45 also
expands the disclosures required to be made by a guarantor about
its obligations under certain guarantees that it has issued. The
disclosure requirements of FIN No45 are effective for
financial statements of interim or annual periods ending after
December15, 2002, while the initial recognition and
initial measurement provisions are applicable on a prospective
basis to guarantees issued or modified after December31,
2002. See Note 14b of Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements included in Item8. of this Form10-K for
current disclosures. The Company does not expect the adoption of
FIN No45 to have a material impact on its operating
results or financial position. 40 Table of Contents In July 2002, the FASB issued SFAS No146,
Accounting for Costs Associated with Exit or Disposal
Activities, which addresses the accounting and reporting for
costs associated with exit or disposal activities because
entities increasingly are engaging in exit and disposal
activities and certain costs associated with those activities
were recognized as liabilities at a plan commitmentdate
under Emerging Issues Task Force EITF 94-3,
Liability Recognition for Certain Employee Termination
Benefits and Other Costs to Exit an Activity including Certain
Costs Incurred in a Restructuring, that did not meet the
definition of a liability in FASB Concepts Statement No6,
Elements of Financial Statements. SFAS No146
requires that a liability for a cost associated with an exit or
disposal activity be recognized when the liability is incurred.
Under EITF 94-3, a liability for an exit cost as defined in EITF
94-3 was recognized at the date of an entitys commitment
to an exit plan. SFAS No146 is effective for exit or
disposal activities initiated after December31, 2002.
Early application is encouraged. The Company has chosen to adopt
this pronouncement effective with its year that begins
January1, 2003. The adoption of this statement did not
materially affect the Companys reported results of
operations or financial condition. In August 2001, the FASB issued SFAS
No143, Accounting for Asset Retirement Obligations,
which addresses financial accounting and reporting for
obligations associated with the retirement of tangible
long-lived assets and the associated asset retirement costs.
SFAS No143 requires that the fair value of a liability
for an asset retirement obligation be recognized in the period
in which it is incurred if a reasonable estimate of fair value
can be made. The fair value of the liability is added to the
carrying amount of the associated asset and this additional
carrying amount is depreciated over the life of the asset. The
liability is accreted at the end of each period through charges
to operating expense. If the obligation is settled for other
than the carrying amount of the liability, a gain or loss on
settlement will be recognized. The Company was required to adopt
the provisions of SFAS No143 as of January1, 2003.
In connection with the adoption, the Company must identify all
legal obligations for asset retirement obligations, if any, and
determine the fair value of these obligations on the date of
adoption. The determination of fair value is complex and will
require the Company to gather market information and develop
cash flow models. Additionally, the Company will be required to
develop processes to track and monitor these obligations. The
Company has completed its preliminary estimate of the impact of
adopting this Statement and does not believe that it will
materially affect its reported results of operation or financial
condition upon adoption.   
ITEM 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About
Market Risk Foreign Currency Market Risk.
Our functional currency is the U.S.
dollar although we transact business in various foreign
locations and currencies. As a result, our financial results
could be significantly affected by factors such as changes in
foreign currency exchange rates, or weak economic conditions in
the foreign markets in which we provide services. Our operating
results are exposed to changes in exchange rates between the
U.S. dollar and the currencies of the other countries in which
we operate. When the U.S. dollar strengthens against other
currencies, the value of nonfunctional currency revenues
decreases. When the U.S. dollar weakens, the functional currency
amount of revenues increases. Overall, we are a net receiver of
currencies other than the U.S. dollar and, as such, benefit from
a weaker dollar. We are therefore adversely affected by a
stronger dollar relative to major currencies worldwide. Interest Rate Risk.
Our interest income and expense are most sensitive to changes in
the general level of U.S. interest rates. In this regard,
changes in U.S. interest rates affect the interest earned on our
cash equivalents as well as interest paid on our debt. At
December31, 2002 and 2001, we had fixed-rate convertible
notes outstanding with a principal amount of $1250 million
which bear interest at 43/4% per annum. At
December31, 2002, we had approximately $264million
long-term variable-rate debt outstanding. A hypothetical 100
basis point change in interest rates on variable-rate debt
during the twelve months ended December31, 2002 would have
resulted in approximately a $02million change in pre-tax
income. Derivative
Instruments. The Company is currently
developing a formal policy concerning its use of derivative
financial instruments. As of December31, 2002, the Company
had no derivative financial instruments outstanding. 41 Table of Contents ITEM8.Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS   
Page   
Number   
Independent Auditors Reports
43
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the
Years ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000
45
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of
December31, 2002 and 2001
46
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders
Equity for the Years ended December31, 2002, 2001 and 2000
47
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the
Years ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000
48
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
49
42 Table of Contents INDEPENDENT AUDITORS REPORT The Board of Directors and Shareholders PRG-Schultz International, Inc. We have audited the accompanying Consolidated
Balance Sheets of PRG-Schultz International, Inc. and
subsidiaries formerly The Profit Recovery Group International,
Inc. as of December31, 2002 and 2001, and the related
Consolidated Statements of Operations, Shareholders
Equity, and Cash Flows for each of the years in the three-year
period ended December31, 2002. In connection with our
audits of the consolidated financial statements, we have also
audited the financial statement schedule as listed in
a2. These consolidated financial statements and
financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the
Companys management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these consolidated financial statements and financial
statement schedule based on our audits. We did not audit the
consolidated financial statements of PRG France, S.A. and
subsidiaries, a wholly owned subsidiary, for the year ended
December31, 2000. Those financial statements were audited
by other auditors whose report has been furnished to us, and our
opinion, insofar as it relates to the amounts included for PRG
France, S.A. and subsidiaries is based solely on the report of
the other auditors. We conducted our audits in accordance with
auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of
America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits and
the report of the other auditors provide a reasonable basis for
our opinion. In our opinion, based on our audits and the
report of the other auditors, the consolidated financial
statements referred to above present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of PRG-Schultz International,
Inc. and subsidiaries as of December31, 2002 and 2001, and
the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of
the years in the three-year period ended December31, 2002,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the related
financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the
basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole,
presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set
forth therein. As discussed in Note 1d to the consolidated
financial statements, the Company changed its method of revenue
recognition in 2000. As discussed in Note 7 to the consolidated
financial statements, the Company changed its method of
accounting for goodwill and other intangible assets in 2002.   
KPMG LLP
Atlanta, Georgia February21, 2003 43 Table of Contents INDEPENDENT AUDITORS REPORT Board of Directors and Shareholders of PRG France, S.A. We have audited the consolidated statements of
earnings, changes in shareholders equity and cash flows of
PRG France, S.A. and subsidiaries for the year ended
December31, 2000. These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Companys management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with
auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of
America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit
provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, such consolidated financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
consolidated results of operations and cash flows of the Company
for the year ended December31, 2000, in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.   
ERNST YOUNG Audit
Any ANTOLA
Paris, France March9, 2001 44 Table of Contents PRG-SCHULTZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
OPERATIONS   
Years Ended December31   
2002
2001
2000   
In thousands, except per share data   
Revenues
$
463,297
$
314,025
$
302,080
Cost of revenues
265,488
180,519
177,723
Selling, general and administrative expenses
144,724
118,902
106,035
Operating income
53,085
14,604
18,322
Interest expense, net
9,339
8,903
7,589
Earnings from continuing operations before income
taxes, discontinued operations and cumulative effect of
accounting changes
43,746
5,701
10,733
Income taxes Note11
16,186
3,363
5,796
Earnings from continuing operations before
discontinued operations and cumulative effect of accounting
changes
27,560
2,338
4,937
Discontinued operations Note2:
Loss from discontinued operations, net of income
taxes of $1,732 and $10,356 in 2001 and 2000, respectively
3,294
17,920
Gain losson disposal/retention of
discontinued operations including operating results for
phase-out period, net of income tax expense benefitof
$9,604 and $14,104 in 2002 and 2001, respectively
2,716
82,755
Earnings lossfrom discontinued operations
2,716
86,049
17,920
Earnings lossbefore cumulative effect of
accounting changes
30,276
83,711
12,983
Cumulative effect of accounting changes, net of
income tax benefit of $11,118 and $1,268 in 2002 and 2000,
respectively Notes1d and 7
17,208
26,145
Net earnings loss
$
13,068
$
83,711
$
39,128
Basic earnings lossper share
Note6:
Earnings from continuing operations before
discontinued operations and cumulative effect of accounting
changes
$
044
$
005
$
010
Discontinued operations
004
178
037
Cumulative effect of accounting changes
027
053
Net earnings loss
$
021
$
173
$
080
Diluted earnings lossper share Note 6:
Earnings from continuing operations before
discontinued operations and cumulative effect of accounting
changes
$
040
$
005
$
010
Discontinued operations
003
177
036
Cumulative effect of accounting changes
021
053
Net earnings loss
$
022
$
172
$
079
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements.
45 Table of Contents PRG-SCHULTZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   
December31   
2002
2001   
In thousands, except   
share and per share   
data   
ASSETS Note9   
Current assets:
Cash and cash equivalents
$
14,860
$
33,334
Receivables:
Contract receivables, less allowance for doubtful
accounts of $5,144 in 2002 and $7,002 in 2001
69,976
52,851
Employee advances and miscellaneous receivables,
less allowance of $4,188 in 2002 and $2,796 in 2001
3,600
4,917
Total receivables
73,576
57,768
Funds held for client obligations
9,043
8,784
Prepaid expenses and other current assets
4,068
4,860
Deferred income taxes Note11
25,930
21,216
Total current assets
127,477
125,962
Property and equipment:
Computer and other equipment
66,292
52,399
Furniture and fixtures
7,934
5,358
Leasehold improvements
7,596
7,355
81,822
65,112
Less accumulated depreciation and amortization
46,765
40,583
Property and equipment, net
35,057
24,529
Noncompete agreements, less accumulated
amortization of $382 in 2002 and $7,655 in 2001
93
188
Deferred loan costs, less accumulated
amortization of $460 in 2002 and $-0- in 2001
1,011
875
Goodwill, less accumulated amortization of
$27,577 in 2001 Note7
371,833
196,820
Intangible assets, less accumulated amortization
of $3,096 in 2002 Note7
36,214
Deferred income taxes Note11
10,628
20,048
Other assets Note14
3,467
10,838
$
585,780
$
379,260
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS
EQUITY   
Current liabilities:
Notes payable Note9
$
$
11,564
Current installments of long-term debt
Note9
5,527
20
Obligations for client payables
9,043
8,784
Accounts payable and accrued expenses
Note8
24,269
23,937
Accrued payroll and related expenses
50,411
37,089
Deferred revenue
2,665
4,581
Total current liabilities
91,915
85,975
Long-term bank debt Note9
26,363
Convertible notes, net of unamortized discount of
$3,509 in 2002 and $3,834 in 2001 Note9
121,491
121,166
Deferred compensation Note12
4,011
4,024
Other long-term liabilities
4,115
Total liabilities
247,895
211,165
Shareholders equity Notes9, 13 and
16:
Preferred stock, no par value. Authorized 500,000
shares; no shares issued or outstanding in 2002 and 2001
Participating preferred stock, no par value.
Authorized 500,000 shares; no shares issued or outstanding in
2002 and 2001
Common stock, no par value; $001 stated value
per share. Authorized 200,000,000 shares; issued 67,281,819
shares in 2002 and 51,206,610 shares in 2001
67
51
Additional paid-in capital
491,894
320,126
Accumulated deficit
110,678
123,746
Accumulated other comprehensive loss
1,601
6,385
Treasury stock at cost, 4,690,158 shares in 2002
and 2,435,990 shares in 2001
41,182
21,024
Unearned portion of restricted stock
615
927
Total shareholders equity
337,885
168,095
Commitments and contingencies Notes2, 3,
9, 10, 13 and 14
$
585,780
$
379,260
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements.
46 Table of Contents PRG-SCHULTZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS
EQUITY Years Ended December31, 2002, 2001 and
2000   
Accumulated
Other
Comprehensive
LossForeign
Unearned
Common Stock
Additional
Currency
Portion of
Comprehensive
Total   
Paid-In
Accumulated
Translation
Treasury
Restricted
Income
Shareholders   
Shares
Amount
Capital
Deficit
Adjustments
Stock
Stock
Loss
Equity   
In thousands   
Balance at December31, 1999
49,363
$
49
$
302,455
$
907
$
6,627
$
$
$
$
294,970
Comprehensive loss:
Net loss
39,128
39,128
39,128
Other comprehensive income
lossforeign currency translation adjustments:
Continuing operations
763
763
763
Discontinued operations
5,903
Comprehensive loss
44,268
Issuances of common stock:
Issuances under employee stock option plans
including tax benefits of $2,165
241
1
7,770
1,725
6,046
Other common stock issuances
308
5,902
5,902
Treasury shares repurchased 2,436 shares
21,024
21,024
Balance at December31, 2000
49,912
50
316,127
40,035
5,864
21,024
1,725
247,529
Comprehensive loss:
Net loss
83,711
83,711
83,711
Other comprehensive lossforeign
currency translation adjustments:
Continuing operations
521
521
521
Discontinued operations
Comprehensive loss
84,232
Issuances of common stock:
Issuances under employee stock option plans
including tax benefits of $694
380
3,500
3,500
Other common stock issuances
915
1
499
798
1,298
Balance at December31, 2001
51,207
51
320,126
123,746
6,385
21,024
927
168,095
Comprehensive income:
Net income
13,068
13,068
13,068
Other comprehensive
incomeforeign currency translation adjustments:
Continuing operations
4,784
4,784
4,784
Discontinued operations
2,577
Comprehensive income
15,275
Issuances of common stock:
Issuances under employee stock option plans
including tax benefits of $3,007
1,119
1
10,742
10,743
Other common stock issuances
14,956
15
161,026
312
161,353
Treasury shares repurchased 2,254 shares
20,158
20,158
Balance at December31, 2002
67,282
$
67
$
491,894
$
110,678
$
1,601
$
41,182
$
615
$
$
337,885
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements.
47 Table of Contents PRG-SCHULTZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH
FLOWS   
Years Ended December 31   
2002
2001
2000   
In thousands   
Cash flows from operating activities:
Net earnings loss
$
13,068
$
83,711
$
39,128
Gain on retention of discontinued operations
2,716
Cumulative effect of accounting changes
17,208
26,145
Loss from discontinued operations
86,049
17,920
Earnings from continuing operations
27,560
2,338
4,937
Adjustments to reconcile earnings from continuing
operations to net cash provided by operating activities:
Depreciation and amortization
19,857
23,012
24,654
Restricted stock compensation expense
230
240
247
Loss on extinguishment of debt
2,602
Loss on sale of property, plant and equipment
730
Deferred compensation expense benefit
13
1,591
950
Deferred income taxes, net of cumulative effect
of accounting changes
8,213
8,024
17,386
Income tax benefit relating to stock option
exercises
3,007
694
2,165
Changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects
of acquisitions:
Receivables
3,856
6,437
14,812
Prepaid expenses and other current assets
1,527
526
19
Other assets
243
2,022
137
Accounts payable and accrued expenses
12,054
2,272
14,245
Accrued payroll and related expenses
457
3,436
1,926
Deferred revenues
4,272
29
2,015
Other long-term liabilities
2,586
715
14
Net cash provided by operating activities
42,815
29,176
18,799
Cash flows from investing activities:
Purchases of property and equipment
24,576
8,071
10,400
Proceeds from sale of certain discontinued
operations
57,834
Acquisitions of businesses net of cash acquired
4,023
7,279
58,269
Net cash provided by used in investing
activities
20,553
42,484
68,669
Cash flows from financing activities:
Net repayments of notes payable
11,564
3,203
2,225
Net repaymentsproceeds from issuance of
long-term debt
18,330
153,705
62,570
Proceeds from issuance of convertible notes, net
of issuance costs
121,089
Payments for issuance of convertible notes
569
Payments for deferred loan costs
596
2,817
650
Net proceeds from common stock issuances
9,120
4,026
5,784
Purchase of treasury shares
20,158
21,024
Net cash provided by used in financing
activities
42,097
34,610
44,455
Net cash provided by used in discontinued
operations
416
22,537
1,271
Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash
equivalents
945
73
701
Net change in cash and cash equivalents
18,474
14,586
4,845
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year
33,334
18,748
23,593
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year
$
14,860
$
33,334
$
18,748
Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
Cash paid during the year for interest
$
8,141
$
7,538
$
6,878
Cash paid during the year for income taxes, net
of refunds received
$
4,306
$
333
$
10,991
Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and
financing activities:
In conjunction with acquisitions of businesses,
the Company assumed liabilities as follows:
Fair value of assets acquired
$
262,205
$
12,122
$
58,827
Cash paid for the acquisitions net of cash
acquired
4,023
7,279
58,269
Transaction costs
11,191
Fair value of shares issued for acquisitions
159,762
4,843
Liabilities assumed
$
95,275
$
$
558
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements.
48 Table of Contents PRG-SCHULTZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS December31, 2002, 2001 and
2000 1SUMMARY OF
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES aDescription
of Business and Basis of Presentation Description
of Business The principal business of PRG-Schultz
International, Inc. and subsidiaries the Company
is providing recovery audit services to large and mid-size
businesses having numerous payment transactions with many
vendors. These businesses include, but are not limited to   
retailers such as discount, department,
specialty, grocery and drug stores;
manufacturers of high-tech components,
pharmaceuticals, consumer electronics, chemicals and aerospace
and medical products;
wholesale distributors of computer components,
food products and pharmaceuticals;
healthcare providers such as hospitals and health
maintenance organizations; and
service providers such as communications
providers, transportation providers and financial institutions.
The Company currently operates in over 40
different countries. Basis
of Presentation As indicated in Note1d the Company
changed its method of accounting for revenues for Meridian VAT
Reclaim Meridian and Channel Revenue to the cash
basis, effective January1, 2000. Certain reclassifications have been made to 2001
and 2000 amounts to conform to the presentation in 2002. These
reclassifications include the reclassification of certain
discontinued operations that were subsequently retained as
discussed in Note2e. bPrinciples
of Consolidation The consolidated financial statements include the
financial statements of the Company and its wholly owned
subsidiaries. All significant intercompany balances and
transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Management of the Company has made a number of
estimates and assumptions relating to the reporting of assets
and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities to prepare these consolidated financial statements
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America. Actual results could differ from
those estimates. cDiscontinued
Operations Financial statements for all years presented have
been reclassified to separately report results of discontinued
operations from results of continuing operations see
Note2. Disclosures included herein pertain to the
Companys continuing operations unless otherwise noted. dRevenue
Recognition In consideration of guidance issued by the
Securities and Exchange Commission under Staff Accounting
Bulletin SAB No101, Revenue Recognition
in Financial Statements, the Company changed its method of
accounting for revenues for Meridian retroactively to
January1, 2000. Based upon guidance in SAB101, the
Company defers recognition of revenues to the accounting period
when cash received from the foreign governments reimbursing
value-added tax claims is transferred to Meridians client.
The Company has 49 Table of Contents PRG-SCHULTZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Continued recorded a non-cash, after-tax charge as of
January1, 2000 of $241million related to
Meridians cumulative effect of a change in an accounting
principle. This change was calculated based upon the total
outstanding net accounts receivable at the time of
implementation. Meridian does not have a variable compensation
structure, and as such there were no offsets to the result from
the reversal of the net accounts receivable. Additionally, in consideration of the guidance
under SAB No101, the Company changed its method of
accounting for revenues for Channel Revenue retroactively to
January1, 2000. Based upon this guidance, the Company
defers recognition of revenues to the accounting period when
cash is received by the client as a result of overpayment claims
identified by Channel Revenue. The Company has recorded a
non-cash, after-tax charge as of January1, 2000 of
$20million related to Channel Revenues cumulative
effect of a change in accounting principle. The cumulative
effect of accounting change was derived as follows in
thousands   
Contract receivables at December31, 1999.
$
4,292
Less: auditor payroll accrual at
December31, 1999 associated with contract receivables
1,040
Subtotal
3,252
Less: related income tax effect at 390%
1,268
Cumulative effect of accounting change
$
1,984
The Companys revenue recognition policy for
all of its worldwide operations other than Meridian and Channel
Revenue which are discussed in the two immediately preceding
paragraphs is as follows The Companys revenues are based on specific
contracts with its clients. Such contracts generally specify
atime periods covered by the audit, bnature and
extent of audit services to be provided by the Company,
cclients duties in assisting and cooperating with
the Company, and dfees payable to the Company generally
expressed as a specified percentage of the amounts recovered by
the client resulting from liability overpayment claims
identified. In addition to contractual provisions, most
clients also establish specific procedural guidelines that the
Company must satisfy prior to submitting claims for client
approval. These guidelines are unique to each client and impose
specific requirements on the Company such as adherence to vendor
interaction protocols, provision of advance written notification
to vendors of forthcoming claims, securing written claim
validity concurrence from designated client personnel and, in
limited cases, securing written claim validity concurrence from
the involved vendors. Approved claims are processed by clients
and generally taken as credits against outstanding payables or
future purchases from the vendors involved. The Company
recognizes revenue on the invoice basis. Clients are invoiced
for a contractually specified percentage of amounts recovered
when it has been determined that they have received economic
value generally through credits taken against existing accounts
payable due to the involved vendors or refund checks received
from those vendors, and when the following criteria are met:
apersuasive evidence of an arrangement exists;
bservices have been rendered; cthe fee billed to
the client is fixed or determinable; and dcollectibility
is reasonably assured. eCash
and Cash Equivalents Cash and cash equivalents include all cash
balances and highly liquid investments with an initial maturity
of three months or less. The Company places its temporary cash
investments with high credit quality financial institutions. At
times, certain investments may be in excess of the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation FDICinsurance limit. At December31, 2002 and 2001, the Company
had cash equivalents of approximately $13million and
$244million, respectively. The Company did not have any
cash equivalents at U.S.banks at December31, 2002.
At December31, 2001, cash equivalents included
$214million of temporary investments held at 50 Table of Contents PRG-SCHULTZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Continued U.S.banks. At December31, 2002 and
2001, certain of the Companys international subsidiaries
held $13million and $30million, respectively, in
temporary investments the majority of which were at banks in the
United Kingdom. fFunds
Held for Payment of Client Payables In connection with the Companys Meridian
unit that assists clients in obtaining refunds of value added
taxes VAT, the Company is often in possession of
amounts refunded by the various VAT authorities, but not yet
processed for further payment to the clients involved. The
Company functions as a fiduciary custodian in connection with
these cash balances belonging to its clients. The Company reports these restricted cash
balances on its Consolidated Balance Sheets as a separate
current asset and corresponding current liability. gProperty
and Equipment Property and equipment are stated at cost.
Depreciation is provided using the straight-line method over the
estimated useful lives of the assets three years for computer
and other equipment, five years for furniture and fixtures and
three to seven years for purchased software. Leasehold
improvements are amortized using the straight-line method over
the shorter of the lease term or estimated life of the asset. The Company evaluates property and equipment for
impairment in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards SFAS No144, Accounting for the
Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets. In accordance
with the provisions of SFAS No144, the Company reviews
the carrying value of property and equipment for impairment
whenever events and circumstances indicate that the carrying
value of an asset may not be recoverable from the estimated
future cash flows expected to result from its use and eventual
disposition. In cases where undiscounted expected future cash
flows are less than the carrying value, an impairment loss is
recognized equal to an amount by which the carrying value
exceeds the fair value of the assets. hInternally
Developed Software The Company accounts for software developed for
internal use in accordance with Statement of Position
SOP98-1, Accounting for the Costs of
Computer Software Developed or Obtained for Internal Use.
SOP98-1 provides guidance on a variety of issues relating
to costs of internal use software including which of these costs
should be capitalized and which should be expensed as incurred.
Internally developed software is amortized using the
straight-line method over the expected useful lives of three
years. iGoodwill
and Other Intangible Assets Goodwill. Goodwill
represents the excess of the purchase price over the estimated
fair market value of net assets of acquired businesses. In 2002,
the Company accounted for goodwill and other intangible assets
in accordance with SFAS No142, Goodwill and Other
Intangible Assets. SFAS No142 requires that goodwill
and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives no longer be
amortized, but instead, such assets must be tested for
impairment at least annually in accordance with the provisions
of SFAS No142. This statement also requires that
intangible assets with estimable useful lives be amortized over
their respective estimated useful lives and reviewed for
impairment in accordance with SFAS No144, Accounting
for the Impairment or disposal of Long-Lived Assets see
Note7. In 2001 and prior years, the Company amortized
goodwill on a straight line basis over periods ranging from
seven to 25years. The Company historically assessed the
recoverability of this intangible asset by determining whether
the amortization of the goodwill balance over its remaining life
could be recovered through undiscounted future operating cash
flows of the acquired operation. This amount of goodwill 51 Table of Contents PRG-SCHULTZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Continued impairment, if any, was measured based on
projected discounted future operating cash flows using a
discount rate reflecting the Companys average cost of
funds. The assessment of the recoverability of goodwill was
impacted if estimated future operating cash flows were not
achieved. Noncompete
Agreements. Noncompete agreements are
recorded at cost and are amortized on a straight-line basis over
the terms of the respective agreements. Deferred Loan Costs.
Deferred loan costs are recorded at cost and are amortized on a
straight-line basis over the terms of the respective loan
agreements. jDirect
Expenses Direct expenses incurred during the course of
accounts payable audits and other recovery audit services are
expensed as incurred. kIncome
Taxes Income taxes are accounted for under the asset
and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are
recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to
differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of
existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases
and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax
assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates
expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those
temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled.
The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in
tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes
the enactment date. lForeign
Currency The local currency has been used as the
functional currency in the countries in which the Company
conducts business outside of the United States. The assets and
liabilities denominated in foreign currency are translated into
U.S. dollars at the current rates of exchange at the balance
sheet date and revenues and expenses are translated at the
average monthly exchange rates. The translation gains and losses
are included as a separate component of shareholders
equity. For the years ended December31, 2002, 2001 and
2000, transaction losses included in results of operations were
$08million, $02 million and $08million,
respectively. mEarnings
Per Share The Company applies the provisions of SFAS
No128, Earnings per Share. Basic earnings per
share is computed by dividing net earnings available to common
shareholders by the weighted average number of shares of common
stock outstanding during the year. Diluted earnings per share is
computed by dividing net earnings by the sum of 1the
weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding
during the period, 2the dilutive effect of the assumed
exercise of stock options using the treasury stock method, and
3dilutive effect of other potentially dilutive
securities including the Companys convertible subordinated
note obligations. nEmployee
Stock Compensation Plans At December31, 2002, the Company has three
stock compensation plans, two stock option plans and an employee
stock purchase plan the Plans see Note16.
Pursuant to SFAS No123, Accounting for Stock-Based
Compensation, the Company has elected to account for the
Plans under the provisions of Accounting Principles Board
APB Opinion No25, Accounting for Stock
Issued to Employees, and related interpretations. As such,
compensation expense is measured on the date of grant only if
the current market price of the underlying stock exceeded the
exercise price. The Company has elected to continue to 52 Table of Contents PRG-SCHULTZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Continued apply the provisions of APB Opinion No25
and provide pro forma net earnings and pro forma earnings per
share disclosures for employee stock option grants made in 1995
and future years as if the fair-value-based method defined in
SFAS No123, Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation,
had been applied. The options granted generally vest and
become fully exercisable on a ratable basis over four or five
years of continued employment. The Company recognizes
compensation expense on the straight-line basis for compensatory
stock awards with ratable vesting. Accordingly, no compensation
expense has been recognized for the Plans in the accompanying
Consolidated Statements of Operations. Pro forma information regarding net earnings and
earnings per share is required by SFAS No123, and has
been determined as if the Company had accounted for its employee
stock options under the fair value method of that Statement. The
fair value for these options was estimated at the date of grant
using a Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following
weighted-average assumptions for 2002, 2001 and 2000.   
2002
2001
2000   
Risk-free interest rates
375
%
456
%
512
Dividend yields
Volatility factor of expected market price
808
889
716
Weighted-average expected life of option
5 years
6 years
6 years
Pro forma compensation expense is calculated for
the fair value of the employees purchase rights using the
Black-Scholes model. Assumptions included an expected life of
six months and weighted average risk-free interest rates of
184%, 559% and 584% in 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively.
Other underlying assumptions are consistent with those used in
the Companys stock option plan. The Black-Scholes option valuation model was
developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options
that have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable. In
addition, option valuation models require the input of highly
subjective assumptions, including the expected stock price
volatility. Because the Companys employee stock options
have characteristics significantly different from those of
traded options, and because changes in the subjective input
assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate, in
managements opinion, the existing models do not
necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value
of its employee stock options. For purposes of pro forma
disclosures below, the estimated fair value of the options is
amortized to expense over the options vesting periods. The Companys pro forma information for the
years ended December31, 2002, 2001 and 2000 for continuing
and discontinued operations, combined, is as follows in
thousands, except for pro forma net earnings lossper
share information   
2002
2001
2000   
Numerator for basic pro forma net earnings loss
per share before cumulative effect of accounting changes:
Net earnings loss before cumulative effect of
accounting changes and pro forma effect of compensation expense
recognition provisions of SFAS No123.
$
30,276
$
83,711
$
12,983
Pro forma effect of compensation expense
recognition provisions of SFAS No123.
8,082
5,248
4,699
Pro forma net earnings lossbefore
cumulative effect of accounting changes
$
22,194
$
88,959
$
17,682
53 Table of Contents PRG-SCHULTZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Continued   
2002
2001
2000   
Numerator for diluted pro forma net earnings
loss per share before cumulative effect of accounting changes:
Net earnings loss before cumulative effect of
accounting changes and pro forma effect of compensation expense
recognition provisions of SFAS No123.
$
30,276
$
83,711
$
12,983
After-tax interest expense, including
amortization of discount, on convertible notes
4,157
Net earnings for purposes of computing diluted
earnings per share before cumulative effect of accounting changes
34,443
83,711
12,983
Pro forma effect of compensation expense
recognition provisions of SFAS No123.
8,082
5,248
4,699
Pro forma net earnings lossfor purposes
of computing diluted earnings lossper share before
cumulative effect of accounting changes
$
26,351
$
88,959
$
17,682
Pro forma net earnings lossper share
before cumulative effect of accounting changes:
Basic as reported
$
048
$
173
$
027
Basic pro forma
$
035
$
184
$
036
Diluted as reported
$
043
$
172
$
026
Diluted pro forma
$
033
$
183
$
035
oComprehensive
Income The Company applies the provisions of SFAS
No130, Reporting Comprehensive Income. This
statement establishes items that are required to be recognized
under accounting standards as components of comprehensive
income. Consolidated comprehensive income lossfor the
Company consists of consolidated net earnings lossand
foreign currency translation adjustments, and is presented in
the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Shareholders
Equity. pRecently
Adopted Accounting Standards In June 2002, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board FASB issued SFAS No145, Rescission
of FASB Statements Nos4, 44, and 64, Amendment of FASB
Statement No13, and Technical Corrections. SFAS
No145 rescinds SFAS No4, Reporting Gains and
Losses from Extinguishment of Debt, and an amendment of that
Statement, SFAS No64, Extinguishment of Debt Made to
Satisfy Sinking-Fund Requirements. SFAS No145
rescinds SFAS No44, Accounting for Intangible Assets
of Motor Carriers and amends SFAS No13, Accounting
for Leases, to eliminate an inconsistency between the
required accounting for sale-leaseback transactions and the
required accounting for certain lease modifications that have
economic effects that are similar to sale-leaseback
transactions. SFAS No145 also amends other existing
authoritative pronouncements to make various technical
corrections, clarify meanings, or describe their applicability
under changed conditions. The provisions of SFAS No145
related to the rescission of SFAS No4 are required to be
applied in fiscal years beginning after May15, 2002. Any
gain or loss on extinguishment of debt that was classified as an
extraordinary item in prior periods presented that does not meet
the criteria for classification as an extraordinary item shall
be reclassified. Early application of the provisions of this
Statement related to the rescission of SFAS No4 is
encouraged. The provisions of SFAS No145 related to SFAS
No13 are effective for transactions occurring after
May15, 2002, with early application encouraged. All other
provisions 54 Table of Contents PRG-SCHULTZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Continued of SFAS No145 are effective for financial
statements issued on or after May15, 2002, with early
application encouraged. The Company adopted SFAS No145
for the year ended December31, 2002 and as such,
reclassified the extraordinary loss of $16million, net of
income taxes recorded in the fourth quarter of 2001 resulting
from the early termination of its former $2000million
senior credit facility from an extraordinary item to selling,
general and administrative expense in the accompanying 2001
Consolidated Statement of Operations. The extraordinary loss
consisted of the expensing of $26million in unamortized
deferred loan costs, net of an income tax benefit of
$10million. qNew
Accounting Standards In January 2003, the FASB issued FASB
Interpretation FIN No46, Consolidation
of Variable Interest Entities. The objective of FIN
No46 is to improve financial reporting by companies
involved with variable interest entities. Until now, one company
generally has included another entity in its consolidated
financial statements only if it controlled the entity through
voting interests. FIN No46 requires a variable interest
entity to be consolidated by a company if that company is
subject to a majority of the risk of loss from the variable
interest entitys activities or entitled to receive a
majority of the entitys residual returns or both. The
consolidation requirements of FIN No46 apply immediately
to variable interest entities created after January31,
2003. The consolidation requirements apply to previously
existing entities in the first fiscal year or interim period
beginning after June15, 2003. Certain of the disclosure
requirements apply in all financial statements issued after
January31, 2003, regardless of when the variable interest
entity was established. The Company does not expect the adoption
of FIN No46 to have a material impact on its operating
results or financial position. In December 2002, the FASB issued SFAS
No148, Accounting for Stock-Based
Compensation Transition and Disclosure
an amendment of FASB Statement No123. SFAS
No148 provides alternative methods of transition for a
voluntary change to the fair value based method of accounting
for stock-based employee compensation and amends the related
existing disclosure requirements. As more fully described in
Note16 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
included in Item8. of this Form10-K, the Company
accounts for its stock-based compensation under the recognition
and measurement principles of Accounting Principles Board
Opinion No25, Accounting for Stock Issued to
Employees. Accordingly, SFAS No148 does not have an
impact on the Companys operating results or financial
position. In November 2002, the FASB issued FIN
No45, Guarantors Accounting and Disclosure
Requirements for Guarantees, Including Indirect Guarantees of
Indebtedness of Others, which will significantly change the
accounting for, and disclosure of, guarantees. FIN No45
requires a guarantor to recognize, at the inception of a
guarantee, a liability for the fair value of the obligation
undertaken in issuing the guarantee. FIN No45 also
expands the disclosures required to be made by a guarantor about
its obligations under certain guarantees that it has issued. The
disclosure requirements of FIN No45 are effective for
financial statements of interim or annual periods ending after
December15, 2002, while the initial recognition and
initial measurement provisions are applicable on a prospective
basis to guarantees issued or modified after December31,
2002. See Note14b and c of Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements included in Item8. of this
Form10-K for current disclosures. The Company does not
expect the adoption of FIN No45 to have a material impact
on its operating results or financial position. In July 2002, the FASB issued SFAS No146,
Accounting for Costs Associated with Exit or Disposal
Activities, which addresses the accounting and reporting for
costs associated with exit or disposal activities because
entities increasingly are engaging in exit and disposal
activities and certain costs associated with those activities
were recognized as liabilities at a plan commitmentdate
under Emerging Issues Task Force EITF94-3,
Liability Recognition for Certain Employee Termination
Benefits and Other Costs to Exit an Activity including Certain
Costs Incurred in a Restructuring, that did not meet the
definition of a liability in FASB Concepts Statement No6,
Elements of Financial Statements. SFAS No146
requires that a liability 55 Table of Contents PRG-SCHULTZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Continued for a cost associated with an exit or disposal
activity be recognized when the liability is incurred. Under
EITF94-3, a liability for an exit cost as defined in
EITF94-3 was recognized at the date of an entitys
commitment to an exit plan. SFAS No146 is effective for
exit or disposal activities initiated after December31,
2002. Early application is encouraged. The Company has chosen to
adopt this pronouncement effective with its fiscal year that
begins January1, 2003 and does not believe that it will
materially affect its reported results of operations or
financial condition upon adoption. In August 2001, the FASB issued SFAS
No143, Accounting for Asset Retirement
Obligations, which addresses financial accounting and
reporting for obligations associated with the retirement of
tangible long-lived assets and the associated asset retirement
costs. SFAS No143 requires that the fair value of a
liability for an asset retirement obligation be recognized in
the period in which it is incurred if a reasonable estimate of
fair value can be made. The fair value of the liability is added
to the carrying amount of the associated asset and this
additional carrying amount is depreciated over the life of the
asset. The liability is accreted at the end of each period
through charges to operating expense. If the obligation is
settled for other than the carrying amount of the liability, a
gain or loss on settlement will be recognized. The Company is
required to adopt the provisions of SFAS No143 as of
January1, 2003. To accomplish this, the Company must
identify all legal obligations for asset retirement obligations,
if any, and determine the fair value of these obligations on the
date of adoption. The determination of fair value is complex and
will require the Company to gather market information and
develop cash flow models. Additionally, the Company will be
required to develop processes to track and monitor these
obligations. The Company has completed its preliminary estimate
of the impact of adopting this Statement and does not believe
that it will materially affect its reported results of operation
or financial condition upon adoption. 2DISCONTINUED
OPERATIONS In March 2001, the Company formalized a strategic
realignment initiative designed to enhance the Companys
financial position and clarify its investment and operating
strategy by focusing primarily on its core Accounts Payable
business. Under this strategic realignment initiative, the
Company announced its intent to divest the following non-core
businesses: Meridian VAT Reclaim Meridian within
the former Taxation Services segment, the Logistics Management
Services segment, the Communications Services segment and the
Channel Revenue division within the Accounts Payable Services
segment. The Company disposed of its Logistics Management
Services segment in October 2001. Additionally, in December
2001, the Company disposed of its French Taxation Services
business which had been part of continuing operations until time
of disposal. The non-core businesses that were divested and a
unit that was closed within the Communications Service segment
were comprised of various acquisitions completed by the Company
during the periods 1997 through 2000. The acquisitions were
accounted for as purchases with collective consideration paid of
$780million in cash and 4,293,049 restricted,
unregistered shares of the Companys common stock. The Companys Consolidated Financial
Statements have been reclassified to reflect Logistics
Management Services, a unit that was closed within
Communications Services and French Taxation Services as
discontinued operations for all periods presented. Operating
results of the discontinued operations are summarized below. The
amounts exclude general corporate overhead previously allocated
to Logistics Management Services, a unit that was closed within
Communications Services and French Taxation Services for segment
reporting purposes. The amounts include interest on debt and an
allocation of the interest on the Companys general credit
facility. Interest allocated to discontinued operations was
$16million and $25million in 2001 and 2000,
respectively. 56 Table of Contents PRG-SCHULTZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Continued Summarized financial information for the
discontinued operations is as follows in thousands   
Years Ended December 31   
2001
2000   
Revenues
$
51,478
$
75,859
Operating loss
11,764
25,795
As required under accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America, during 2001 the
Company continually updated its assessment of the estimated gain
losson disposal from discontinued operations including
operating results for the phase-out period, net of tax. Due to
the negative impact of prevailing economic conditions and other
factors on the anticipated collective net proceeds from selling
the discontinued operations, the Company concluded as of
September 2001, that there would be an estimated net loss of
approximately $310million upon disposal of the
discontinued operations. The Company recorded this non-cash,
after-tax charge during the third quarter of 2001. The
$310million after-tax charge is comprised of an
adjustment to the net proceeds anticipated to be received upon
the disposal of the then discontinued operations, net
lossesfrom the then discontinued operations for the year
ended December31, 2001 and estimated net earning
lossesfrom the then discontinued operations for the
three months ending March31, 2002. The $310million
after-tax charge included a $191 million loss specifically
related to the Logistics Management Services segment which was
subsequently sold on October30, 2001 see Note2b.
The $310million after-tax charge also included a
$51million loss specifically related to the unit that was
closed within the Communications Services segment see
Note2d. Additionally, the $310million
charge included approximately $23million in net
earnings lossesfor discontinued operations that were
subsequently retained. Discontinued operations subsequently
retained have been included in continuing operations for all
periods presented see Note2e. Additionally, in
December 2001, the Company recognized a loss of
$540million on the sale of the French Taxation Services
business see Note2c. aCharges
Taken in Discontinued Operations in 2000 For the year ended December31, 2000, the
Company recognized net income from discontinued operations of
$40 million prior to certain non-recurring charges recognized
during the fourth quarter of 2000. During the fourth quarter of
2000, the Company recognized approximately $327million of
non-recurring charges before income tax benefit of $108 million
including goodwill impairment charges related to those
businesses that were declared to be discontinued operations in
March 2001. The Company determined that the net book value of
goodwill recorded for certain of those businesses that were
declared to be discontinued operations exceeded the projected
undiscounted future operating cash flows of those business
units. Accordingly, the Company recognized a goodwill impairment
charge of approximately $287million to adjust the net
book value of the goodwill to the sum of the projected
discounted future operating cash flows. Additionally, during the fourth quarter of 2000,
the Company recognized charges of approximately
$24million related to the write-off of certain accounts
receivable balances that were determined to be uncollectible 09million for employee termination benefits 03million related to the forgiveness of certain employee
advances, $02million in legal expenses and
$02million in exit costs related to certain facilities.   
b
Sale of Discontinued Operations
Logistics Management Services in 2001 On October30, 2001, the Company consummated
the sale of its Logistics Management Services business to
Platinum Equity, a firm specializing in acquiring and operating
technology organizations and technology-enabled service
companies worldwide. The transaction yielded initial gross sale
proceeds, as adjusted, of approximately $95million with
up to an additional $30million payable in the form of a
revenue-based royalty over the next four years, of which $04
million had been received as of December31, 2002. This 57 Table of Contents PRG-SCHULTZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Continued transaction resulted in a loss on the sale of
approximately $191 million, before future contingent
consideration, which was included as part of the
$310million after tax charge recorded by the Company
during the third quarter of 2001. During the third quarter of 2002, the Company
recognized a gain on the sale of discontinued operations of
approximately $04million, net of tax expense of
approximately $03million, related to the receipt of a
portion of the revenue-based royalty from the sale of the
Logistics Management Services Segment in October 2001, as
adjusted for certain expenses accrued as part of the estimated
loss on the sale of the segment.   
c
Sale of Discontinued Operations
French Taxation Services in 2001 On December14, 2001, the Company
consummated the sale of its French Taxation Services business,
as well as certain notes payable due to the Company, to Chequers
Capital, a Paris-based private equity firm. The transaction
yielded gross sale proceeds of approximately $483million
and a loss on sale of approximately $540million.   
d
Closing of a Unit within Communications
Services Business in 2001 During the third quarter of 2001, the Company
concluded that one of the units within the Communications
Services business was no longer a viable operation. As such, the
Company recognized a loss of approximately $51 million relative
to this unit which was included as part of the
$310million after tax charge recorded by the Company
during that quarter.   
e
Certain Former Discontinued Operations
Subsequently Retained in 2002 Meridian, the Communications Services business
and the Channel Revenue business were originally offered for
sale during the first quarter of 2001. During the first quarter
of 2002, the Company concluded that then current negative market
conditions were not conducive to receiving terms acceptable to
the Company for these businesses. As such, on January24,
2002, the Companys Board of Directors approved a proposal
to retain these three remaining discontinued operations. The
Companys Consolidated Financial Statements have been
reclassified to reflect Meridian, the Communication Services
business and the Channel Revenue business as part of continuing
operations for all periods presented. Selected financial information for these
discontinued operations subsequently retained is as follows in
thousands   
Years Ended December31   
2001
2000   
Revenues
$
54,761
$
46,970
Operating income
1,299
3,077
December31,
2001
Current assets
$
18,716
Total assets
72,700
Total current liabilities
36,860
Total liabilities
36,860
Net assets of discontinued operations
35,840
58 Table of Contents PRG-SCHULTZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Continued   
3
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS As discussed more fully in Note15 in these
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company acquired
the businesses of HSA-Texas and affiliates on January24,
2002. Mr.Howard Schultz, a director of the Company, and
Mr.Andrew Schultz, a former director of the Company, were
the previous majority owners of these acquired businesses. The
Company is currently in discussions with Messrs.Schultz to
resolve certain pre-acquisition tax issues, the resolution of
which could result in the purchase price of the acquisitions
being reduced by as much as $15million. The amount of
such reduction, if any, has not been agreed upon, and final
resolution will involve interpretation of relevant provisions
contained in the acquisition agreements. During August 2002, Mr.Howard Schultz,
Mr.Andrew Schultz and certain of their affiliates
collectively referred to herein as the Schultz
holders, entered into agreements to sell approximately
$757million, or approximately 868million shares,
of the Companys common stock to certain affiliates of
Berkshire Partners LLC Berkshire and Blum Capital
Partners LP Blum, in private transactions.
Berkshire and Blum each purchased approximately
$378million, or approximately 434million shares,
of the Companys common stock. Both investment firms are
currently represented on the Companys Board of Directors
the Board. Berkshire and Blum also agreed to lend to certain
Schultz holders in the aggregate $25million, and entered
into put and call arrangements to purchase additional shares
from the Schultz holders to the extent that the Company does not
exercise its options to purchase such shares as described below. During August 2002, an affiliate of
Mr.Howard Schultz granted the Company two options the
First Option Agreement and the Second Option
Agreement to purchase, in total, approximately
29million shares of the Companys common stock at a
price of $872 per share plus accretion of 8% per annum from
August 27, 2002. On September12, 2002, the Board granted the
Companys executive management the discretionary authority
to exercise one or both options either through partial or
complete exercises. On September20, 2002, the Company
exercised the First Option Agreement in its entirety and
purchased approximately 145million shares of its common
stock from the Howard Schultz affiliate, for approximately
$1268million, representing a price of $872 per share
plus accretion of 8% per annum from the August27, 2002
option issuance date. The option purchase price was funded
through borrowings under the Companys senior bank credit
facility. The Second Option Agreement remained outstanding as of
December31, 2002, and expires on May9, 2003. In November 2002, Messrs.Howard and Andrew
Schultz terminated their employment amicably and on terms
acceptable to both them and the Company. The Company recorded
expense of approximately $12million related to these
employment separations. During the year ended December31, 2002, the
Company paid Mr.Howard Schultz approximately
$02million for property leased from Mr.Schultz.
This lease was terminated in conjunction with the termination of
Mr.Schultzs employment agreement. In November 2002, the Company relocated its
principal executive offices. In conjunction with this
relocation, the Company is subleasing approximately 3,300 square
feet of office space to CT Investments, Inc. at a pass
through rate equal to the cash cost per square foot paid
by the Company under the master lease and the tenant finish in
excess of the landlords allowance. CT Investments is 90%
owned by Mr.JohnM. Cook, Chairman of the Board and
Chief Executive Officer of the Company and 10% owned by
Mr.JohnM. Toma, Vice Chairman of the Company. The Companys Meridian unit and an unrelated
German concern named Deutscher Kraftverkehr Euro Service
GmbH Co. KG DKV are each a 50% owner of
a joint venture named Transporters VAT Reclaim Limited
TVR. Since neither owner, acting alone, has
majority control over TVR, Meridian 59 Table of Contents PRG-SCHULTZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Continued accounts for its ownership using the equity
method of accounting. DKV provides European truck drivers with a
credit card that facilitates their fuel purchases. DKV
distinguishes itself from its competitors, in part, by providing
its customers with an immediate advance refund of the Value
Added Taxes VAT paid on fuel purchases. DKV then
recovers the VAT from the taxing authorities through the TVR
joint venture. Meridian processes the VAT refund on behalf of
TVR for which it receives a percentage fee. Revenues earned
related to TVR were $36 million in 2002, $31 million in 2001
and $30 million in 2000. Financial advisory and management services
historically have been provided to the Company by one of the
Companys directors, Mr.Jonathan Golden, who is also
a shareholder of the Company. Payments for such services to
Mr.Golden aggregated $72,000 in 2002, $69,000 in 2001, and
$39,000 in 2000. The Company will continue to utilize
Mr.Goldens services, and, as such, has agreed to pay
him a minimum of $72,000 in 2003 for financial advisory and
management services. In addition to the foregoing,
Mr.Golden is a senior partner in a law firm that serves as
the Companys principal outside legal counsel. Fees paid to
this law firm aggregated $18million in 2002 24million in 2001 and $08million in 2000. The
Company expects to continue to utilize the services of this law
firm. The Company currently uses and expects to
continue its use of the services of Flightworks, Inc., a company
specializing in aviation charter transportation. The aircraft to
be used by the Company is leased by Flightworks from CT Aviation
Leasing LLC, a company 100% owned by Mr.JohnM. Cook.
The Company pays Flightworks approximately $2,900 per hour plus
landing fees and other incidentals for use of such charter
transportation services, of which 95% of such amount will be
paid by Flightworks to CT Aviation Leasing LLC. The Company,
after significant research, believes that the rate it pays
represents fair market value for the type of aircraft involved.
The Company does not have a minimum usage requirement under its
arrangement with Flightworks. During 2002, the Company recorded
expenses of approximately $04 million for the use of the CT
Aviation Leasing airplane. 4MAJOR
CLIENTS During the year ended December31, 2001, the
Company had one client, Wal-Mart International, that accounted
for 100% of revenues from continuing operations. The Company
did not have any clients who individually provided revenues in
excess of 100% of total revenues during the years ended
December 31, 2002 and 2000. 5OPERATING
SEGMENTS AND RELATED INFORMATION The Companys principal reportable operating
segment is the Accounts Payable Services segment with all other
operations included in the Other Ancillary Services segment. Accounts
Payable Services The Accounts Payable Services segment consists of
services that entail the review of client accounts payable
disbursements to identify and recover overpayments. This
operating segment includes accounts payable services provided to
retailers and wholesale distributors the Companys
historical client base and accounts payable services provided
to various other types of business entities. The Accounts
Payable Services segment conducts business in North America,
South America, Europe, Australia, Africa and Asia. Other
Ancillary Services The Companys Other Ancillary Services
segment is comprised of three separate business units that offer
different types of recovery audit services and utilize different
technology and marketing strategies. Based on their relative
size, in relation to the Companys operations taken as a
whole, these business units are reported in the Other Ancillary
Services segment. 60 Table of Contents PRG-SCHULTZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Continued Meridian
VAT Reclaim In August 1999, the Company acquired Meridian.
Meridian is based in Ireland and specializes in the recovery of
value-added taxes VAT paid on business expenses
for corporate clients located throughout the world. Communications
Services The Communications Services business analyzes and
summarizes its clients current telecommunications
invoices, routing patterns and usage volumes to enable inter
departmental expense allocations. It also applies its
specialized expertise to historical client telecommunications
records to identify and recover refunds of previous
overpayments. The Communications Services business also provides
expense management services such as invoice processing and call
accounting. Channel
Revenue The Channel Revenue business provides revenue
maximization services to clients that are primarily in the
semiconductor industry using a discrete group of specially
trained auditors and proprietary business methodologies. Corporate
Support Corporate support represents the unallocated
portion of corporate selling, general and administrative
expenses not specifically attributable to Accounts Payable
Services or Other Ancillary Services. The Company evaluates the performance of its
operating segments based upon revenues and operating income. The
Company does not have any intersegment revenues. Segment
information for the years ended December31, 2002, 2001 and
2000 follows in thousands   
Accounts
Other
Payable
Ancillary
Corporate
Services
Services
Support
Total   
2002
Revenues
$
408,900
$
54,397
$
$
463,297
Operating income loss
112,529
8,292
67,736
53,085
Total assets
532,001
35,621
18,158
585,780
Capital expenditures
10,202
2,519
11,855
24,576
Depreciation and amortization
7,514
1,681
10,662
19,857
2001
Revenues
$
259,264
$
54,761
$
$
314,025
Operating income loss
51,493
1,299
38,188
14,604
Total assets
294,774
73,641
10,845
379,260
Capital expenditures
5,147
2,375
549
8,071
Depreciation and amortization
13,706
3,114
6,192
23,012
2000
Revenues
$
255,110
$
46,970
$
$
302,080
Operating income loss
55,581
3,077
40,336
18,322
Total assets
281,155
78,664
137,545
497,364
Capital expenditures
8,169
2,231
10,400
Depreciation and amortization
21,646
2,451
557
24,654
61 Table of Contents PRG-SCHULTZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Continued The following table presents revenues by country
based upon the location of clients served in thousands   
2002
2001
2000   
United States
$
320,883
$
220,380
$
211,578
United Kingdom
59,806
29,011
29,515
Canada
18,585
16,009
13,358
Ireland
14,508
17,359
14,956
France
9,838
3,375
2,305
Germany
7,845
2,389
2,316
Mexico
6,923
5,001
9,703
Brazil
4,230
3,391
2,146
Australia
4,065
2,284
2,271
Japan
3,835
3,046
2,631
Other
12,779
11,780
11,301
$
463,297
$
314,025
$
302,080
The following table presents long-lived assets by
country based on location of the asset in thousands   
2002
2001
United States
$
426,326
$
215,079
Japan
7,378
7,534
Ireland
5,307
5,212
Australia
2,967
2,565
United Kingdom
2,873
564
Other
2,824
2,296
$
447,675
$
233,250
6EARNINGS
LOSSPER SHARE The following table sets forth the computations
of basic and diluted earnings per share for the years ended
December31, 2002, 2001 and 2000 in thousands, except for
earnings lossper share information   
2002
2001
2000   
Numerator for basic earnings lossper
share:
Earnings from continuing operations before
discontinued operations and cumulative effect of accounting
changes
$
27,560
$
2,338
$
4,937
Discontinued operations
2,716
86,049
17,920
Cumulative effect of accounting changes
17,208
26,145
Net earnings loss
$
13,068
$
83,711
$
39,128
62 Table of Contents PRG-SCHULTZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Continued   
2002
2001
2000   
Numerator for diluted earnings lossper
share:
Earnings from continuing operations before
discontinued operations and cumulative effect of accounting
changes
$
27,560
$
2,338
$
4,937
After-tax interest expense, including
amortization of discount, on convertible notes
4,157
Earnings for purposes of computing diluted
earnings per share from continuing operations
31,717
2,338
4,937
Discontinued operations
2,716
86,049
17,920
Cumulative effect of accounting changes
17,208
26,145
Earnings lossfor purposes of computing
diluted earnings lossper share
$
17,225
$
83,711
$
39,128
Denominator:
Denominator for basic earnings per
shareweighted-average shares outstanding
62,702
48,298
48,871
Effect of dilutive securities:
Convertible notes
16,150
Shares issuable for acquisition earnout
201
Employee stock options
1,136
435
737
Denominator for diluted earnings
79,988
48,733
49,809
Basic earnings lossper share:
Earnings from continuing operations before
discontinued operations and cumulative effect of accounting
changes
$
044
$
005
$
010
Discontinued operations
004
178
037
Cumulative effect of accounting changes
027
053
Net earnings loss
$
021
$
173
$
080
Diluted earnings lossper share:
Earnings from continuing operations before
discontinued operations and cumulative effect of accounting
changes
$
040
$
005
$
010
Discontinued operations
003
177
036
Cumulative effect of accounting changes
021
053
Net earnings loss
$
022
$
172
$
079
In 2002, 2001 and 2000, 11million,
33million and 57million stock options,
respectively, were excluded from the computation of diluted
earnings per share due to their antidilutive effect.
Additionally, in 2001, 15million shares related to the
convertible notes were excluded from the computation of diluted
earnings per share due to their antidilutive effect. The Company
did not have any convertible notes outstanding prior to
November26, 2001. 7ACCOUNTING
FOR GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS SFAS No142, Goodwill and Other
Intangible Assets, was issued in July 2001 and was adopted
by the Company effective January1, 2002. SFAS No142
requires that goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite
useful lives no longer be amortized, but instead, such assets
must be tested for impairment at least annually in 63 Table of Contents PRG-SCHULTZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Continued accordance with the provisions of SFAS
No142. This statement also requires that intangible
assets with estimable useful lives be amortized over their
respective estimated useful lives and reviewed for impairment in
accordance with SFAS No144, Accounting for the
Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets. Prior to the
adoption of SFAS No142, the Company evaluated the
recoverability of goodwill based upon undiscounted estimated
future cash flows. SFAS No142 required that the Company
perform transitional goodwill impairment testing on recorded net
goodwill balances as they existed on January1, 2002 using
a prescribed two-step, fair value approach. During the second quarter of 2002, the Company,
working with independent valuation advisors, completed the
required transitional impairment testing and concluded that all
recorded net goodwill balances associated with its
Communications Services and Channel Revenue units, which are
part of the Companys Other Ancillary Services segment,
were impaired as of January1, 2002 under the new SFAS
No142 guidance. As a result, the Company recognized a
before-tax charge of $283million as a cumulative effect
of an accounting change, retroactive to January1, 2002.
The Company recorded an income tax benefit of $111million
as a reduction to this goodwill impairment charge, resulting in
an after-tax charge of $172million. During the fourth
quarter of 2002, the Company, working with independent valuation
advisors, completed the required annual impairment testing and
concluded that there was not an impairment of goodwill or
intangible assets with indefinite useful lives as of
October1, 2002. The fair value of the reporting units was
estimated using the expected value of future discounted cash
flows. The Companys intangible assets were
acquired as part of the January24, 2002 acquisitions of
the businesses of HSA-Texas and affiliates. Intangible assets
consist of the following at December31, 2002 in
thousands   
Gross
Estimated
Carrying
Accumulated   
Useful Life
Amount
Amortization   
Amortized intangible assets:
Customer relationships
20years
$
27,700
$
1,298
Unrecognized customer revenue
2months
1,610
1,610
Employee agreements
2years
400
188
$
29,710
$
3,096
Unamortized intangible assets:
Tradename
Indefinite
$
9,600
Intangible assets with definite useful lives are
being amortized on a straight-line basis over their respective
estimated useful lives to their estimated residual values, and
will be reviewed for impairment in accordance with SFAS
No144, Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of
Long-Lived Assets. Amortization of intangible assets
amounted to $31million for the year ended
December31, 2002. Estimated amortization expense for the next five
years is as follows in thousands   
Year Ending December 31,
2003
$
1,585
2004
1,397
2005
1,385
2006
1,385
2007
1,385
64 Table of Contents PRG-SCHULTZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Continued The following table sets forth the computations
of basic and diluted earnings per share for continuing
operations for each of the years in the three-year period ended
December31, 2002 as if there had been no goodwill
amortization during the years ended December31, 2001 and
2000 in thousands, except for earnings per share information   
Years Ended December 31   
2002
2001
2000   
Reported earnings from continuing operations
before discontinued operations and cumulative effect of
accounting changes
$
27,560
$
2,338
$
4,937
Add back: Goodwill amortization, net of tax
benefit of $2,944 and $2,868 in 2001 and 2000, respectively
6,398
6,281
Adjusted earnings from continuing operations
before discontinued operations and cumulative effect of
accounting changes
$
27,560
$
8,736
$
11,218
Basic earnings per share from continuing
operations before discontinued operations and cumulative effect
of accounting changes:
Reported earnings per share from continuing
operations before discontinued operations and cumulative effect
of accounting changes
$
044
$
005
$
010
Add back: Goodwill amortization
013
013
Adjusted earnings per share from continuing
operations before discontinued operations and cumulative effect
of accounting changes
$
044
$
018
$
023
Diluted earnings per share from continuing
operations before discontinued operations and cumulative effect
of accounting changes:
Reported earnings per share from continuing
operations before discontinued operations and cumulative effect
of accounting changes
$
040
$
005
$
010
Add back: Goodwill amortization
013
013
Adjusted earnings per share from continuing
operations before discontinued operations and cumulative effect
of accounting changes
$
040
$
018
$
023
The following table reconciles goodwill balances
by reportable operating segment, and in total, from
December31, 2001 to December31, 2002 in thousands   
Accounts
Other
Payable
Ancillary
Services
Services
Total   
Balance at December31, 2001.
$
160,248
$
36,572
$
196,820
Impairment losses at adoption of SFAS
No142 pre-tax
28,326
28,326
Goodwill acquired during the year
203,089
203,089
Foreign currency translation
250
250
Balance at December31, 2002
$
363,587
$
8,246
$
371,833
65 Table of Contents PRG-SCHULTZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Continued 8ACCOUNTS
PAYABLE AND ACCRUED EXPENSES Accounts payable and accrued expenses at
December31, 2002 and 2001 include the following in
thousands   
December 31   
2002
2001   
Accrued Meridian regional marketing costs
$
4,893
$
6,746
Residual liabilities relating to discontinued
operations
2,342
4,585
Accrued disposition costs
3,465
Other accrued expenses
17,034
9,141
Accounts payable and accrued expenses
$
24,269
$
23,937
9NOTES
PAYABLE, LONG-TERM DEBT AND CONVERTIBLE NOTES   
aNotes Payable Prior to August 2002, Meridian VAT Reclaim
Meridian maintained a Receivable Financing
Agreement the Agreement with Barclays Bank plc
Barclays. Under the Agreement, Meridian sold all
eligible claims to Barclays and accounted for this arrangement
as on-balance sheet financing. At December31, 2001, the amount outstanding
under the Agreement was $116 million. Meridian repaid all
amounts outstanding under the Agreement in July 2002 and
terminated the Agreement.   
bCurrent Installments of Long-Term
Debt At December31, 2002, current installments
of long-term debt related to certain remaining multi-year notes
payable that the Company assumed as part of its January24,
2002 acquisitions of the businesses of HSA-Texas and affiliates.
Current installments of long-term debt consisted of the
following in thousands   
December 31   
2002   
Notes payable at 51/2%, due on May21,
2003
$
4,127
Notes payable at 7%, due in two installments on
January 1, 2003 and April1, 2003
1,400
$
5,527
cLong-Term Bank Debt On December31, 2001, the Company retired
the then existing $2000million senior bank credit
facility and replaced it with a three-year, $750million
underwritten senior bank credit facility. $550million of
the new facility was syndicated in early 2002 between three
banking institutions led by Bank of America, N.A. as agent for
the group. The Company subsequently determined that it would not
require the remaining $200million of credit facility
capacity to fund its operations and would probably not be able
to access such $200million in any event due to accounts
receivable borrowing base limitations. Therefore, on
August19, 2002, the Company amended its senior bank credit
facility to reduce the revolving committed amount from
$750million to $550million. Due to borrowing base
limitations related to accounts receivable levels, the Company
can effectively access only $500million of the
$550million facility. Borrowings under the senior bank credit facility,
as amended, are subject to limitations based upon the
Companys eligible accounts receivable. The Company is not
required to make principal payments under the credit facility
until its maturity on December31, 2004 unless the Company
violates its debt covenants or unless other stipulated events,
as defined in the credit facility agreement, occur including,
but not limited to 66 Table of Contents PRG-SCHULTZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Continued the Companys outstanding facility
borrowings exceeding the prescribed accounts receivable
borrowing base. The credit facility is secured by substantially
all assets of the Company and interest on borrowings is tied to
either the prime rate or London Interbank Offered Rate
LIBOR at the Companys option. The credit
facility requires a fee for committed but unused credit capacity
of 50% per annum. The credit facility contains customary
covenants, including financial ratios. At December31,
2002, the Company was in compliance with all such covenants. At
December31, 2002, the Company had approximately
$264million of borrowings outstanding with a weighted
average interest rate of 43%. Additionally, at
December31, 2002, the Company had a $31million USD
equivalent standby letter of credit under the senior bank credit
facility and a borrowing base capacity of $500million,
which therefore permitted up to $205million in additional
borrowings as of that date. There were no borrowings outstanding
under the senior bank credit facility at December31, 2001. A pre-tax loss of $26million, included in
selling, general and administrative expenses within the
accompanying 2001 Consolidated Statement of Operations, was
incurred as a result of the early termination of the previous
$2000million senior credit facility on December31,
2001. The loss was comprised of unamortized deferred loan costs. dConvertible
Notes On November26, 2001, the Company completed
a $950million offering of its 43/4% convertible
subordinated notes due 2006. The Company issued an additional
$150million of the notes on December3, 2001, and on
December4, 2001, the initial purchasers of the notes
issued on November26, 2001 purchased an additional
$150million of the notes to cover over allotments,
bringing the aggregate amount issued to $1250million. The
Company received net proceeds from the offering of approximately
$1211million. The proceeds of the notes were used to pay
down the Companys outstanding balance under its
then-existing $2000million senior bank credit facility. The notes are convertible into the Companys
common stock at a conversion price of $774 per share which is
equal to a conversion rate of 1291990 shares per $1,000
principal amount of notes, subject to adjustment. The Company
may redeem some or all of the notes at any time on or after
November26, 2004 at a redemption price of $1,000 per
$1,000 principal amount of notes, plus accrued and unpaid
interest, if prior to the redemption date the closing price of
the Companys common stock has exceeded 140% of the then
conversion price for at least 20 trading days within a period of
30 consecutive days ending on the trading date before the date
of mailing of the optional redemption notice. At December31, 2002 and 2001, the Company
had convertible notes outstanding of $1215million and
$1212million, net of unamortized discount of
$35million and $38million, respectively.
Amortization of the discount on convertible notes is included as
a component of interest expense, net as presented in the
accompanying 2002 and 2001 Consolidated Statements of Operations. 67 Table of Contents PRG-SCHULTZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Continued 10LEASE
COMMITMENTS The Company is committed under noncancelable
lease arrangements for facilities and equipment. Rent expense
for 2002, 2001 and 2000, was $191million 78million, and $82million, respectively. The
future minimum annual lease payments under these leases by year
are summarized as follows in thousands   
Year Ending December 31,
2003
$
11,031
2004
9,217
2005
7,651
2006
5,698
2007
5,081
Thereafter
35,641
$
74,319
11INCOME
TAXES Total income taxes for the years ended
December31, 2002, 2001 and 2000 were allocated as follows
in thousands   
2002
2001
2000   
Earnings from continuing operations
$
16,186
$
3,363
$
5,796
Earnings lossfrom discontinued operations
1,732
10,356
Gain losson disposal/retention of
discontinued operations including operating results for
phase-out period
9,604
14,104
Cumulative effect of accounting changes
11,118
1,268
Shareholders equity, for compensation
expense for tax purposes in excess of financial purposes
3,007
694
2,213
$
11,665
$
13,167
$
8,041
Income taxes have been provided in accordance
with SFAS No109, Accounting for Income Taxes.
Earnings lossbefore income taxes, discontinued
operations and cumulative effect of accounting changes for the
years ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000 relate to the
following jurisdictions in thousands   
2002
2001
2000   
United States
$
36,057
$
7,505
$
8,742
Foreign
7,689
1,804
1,991
$
43,746
$
5,701
$
10,733
68 Table of Contents PRG-SCHULTZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Continued The provision for income taxes attributable to
earnings from continuing operations for the years ended
December31, 2002, 2001 and 2000 consists of the following
in thousands   
2002
2001
2000   
Current:
Federal
$
174
$
7,019
$
13,837
State
15
227
1,268
Foreign
4,895
2,930
3,234
5,084
10,176
18,339
Deferred:
Federal
10,550
6,172
10,463
State
254
711
1,529
Foreign
298
70
551
11,102
6,813
12,543
Total
$
16,186
$
3,363
$
5,796
The following table summarizes the significant
differences between the U.S. federal statutory tax rate and the
Companys effective tax rate for earnings from continuing
operations   
2002
2001
2000   
Statutory federal income tax rate
35
%
35
%
35
Foreign loss providing no tax benefit
1
20
13
State income taxes, net of federal benefit
1
13
3
Nondeductible goodwill
9
5
Other, net
8
4
37
%
59
%
54
69 Table of Contents PRG-SCHULTZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Continued A summary of the components of deferred tax
assets and liabilities as of December31, 2002 and 2001
follows in thousands   
2002
2001   
Deferred income tax assets:
Accounts payable and accrued expenses
$
2,337
$
4,680
Accrued payroll and related expenses
7,705
6,066
Contract receivables
2,725
2,725
Deferred compensation
1,573
1,582
Depreciation
3,900
2,319
Noncompete agreements
1,585
1,771
Bad debts
1,853
2,623
Realignment charges
1,154
513
Foreign operating loss carryforward of foreign
subsidiary
2,367
2,911
Foreign tax credit carryforwards
7,167
3,275
Federal operating loss carryforward
9,993
11,720
Goodwill
6,276
3,399
State operating loss carryforwards
4,762
3,684
Capital loss carryforwards
17,237
17,237
Other
3,490
800
Gross deferred tax assets
74,124
65,305
Less valuation allowance
20,374
21,929
Net deferred tax assets
53,750
43,376
Deferred income tax liabilities:
Intangible assets
14,316
Prepaid expenses
397
318
Capitalized software
2,479
1,794
Gross deferred tax liabilities
17,192
2,112
Net deferred tax assets
$
36,558
$
41,264
SFAS No109 requires that deferred tax
assets be reduced by a valuation allowance if it is more likely
than not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will
not be realized. The Company recorded a net decrease to its
valuation allowance in 2002 of $16million. In 2001 and
2000, the Company recorded net increases in its valuation
allowance of $177million and $03million,
respectively. The valuation allowance and the change therein as
of December31, 2002 and 2001 and for the three years ended
December31, 2002 relates to the tax benefit of certain
foreign operating losses associated with the Companys
foreign subsidiaries in Singapore, Belgium, Spain and Italy,
contract receivables associated with the Companys foreign
subsidiary in Ireland, and a $492million U.S. capital
loss carryforward created from the sale of the Companys
French Taxation Services business in 2001. No other valuation
allowances were deemed necessary for any other deferred tax
assets since all deductible temporary differences are expected
to be utilized primarily against reversals of taxable temporary
differences and net operating loss carryforwards and foreign tax
credit carryforwards are expected to be utilized through related
future taxable and foreign source earnings. As of December31, 2002, the Company had net
operating loss carryforwards amounting to $285million,
the majority of which will expire in 2021. Additionally, as of
December31, 2002, the Company currently had 70 Table of Contents PRG-SCHULTZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Continued foreign income tax credit carryforwards amounting
to $72million, which will expire through 2007. The
Company expects to generate sufficient foreign-sourced income by
implementing reasonable tax planning strategies to fully utilize
the foreign income tax credit carryforwards. Appropriate U.S.
and international taxes have been provided for earnings of
subsidiary companies that are expected to be remitted to the
parent company. As of December31, 2002, the cumulative
amount of unremitted earnings from the Companys
international subsidiaries that is expected to be indefinitely
reinvested was $34million. The taxes that would be paid
upon remittance of these indefinitely reinvested earnings are
approximately $12million based on current tax law. 12EMPLOYEE
BENEFIT PLANS The Company maintains a 401k Plan in accordance
with Section401k of the Internal Revenue Code, which
allows eligible participating employees to defer receipt of up
to 25% of their compensation and contribute such amount to one
or more investment funds. Employee contributions are matched by
the Company in a discretionary amount to be determined by the
Company each plan year up to $1,750per participant. The
Company may also make additional discretionary contributions to
the Plan as determined by the Company each plan year. Company
matching funds and discretionary contributions vest at the rate
of 20% each year beginning after the participants first
year of service. Company contributions for continuing and
discontinued operations were approximately $16million in
2002, $13million in 2001 and $12million in 2000. The Company also maintains deferred compensation
arrangements for certain key officers and executives. Total
expense related to these deferred compensation arrangements was
approximately $04million, $06million and
$09million and in 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively. 13SHAREHOLDERS
EQUITY During 2000, the Company repurchased
24million shares of its outstanding common stock in the
open market at a cost of $210million, as approved by the
Board of Directors the Board. During August 2002, Howard Schultz, a director of
the Company, Andrew Schultz, and certain of their affiliates
collectively referred to herein as the Schultz
holders, entered into agreements to sell approximately
$757million, or approximately 868million shares,
of the Companys common stock to certain affiliates of
Berkshire PartnersLLC Berkshire and Blum
Capital PartnersLP Blum, in private
transactions. Berkshire and Blum each purchased approximately
$378million, or approximately 434million shares,
of the Companys common stock. Both investment firms are
currently represented on the Companys Board of Directors. Berkshire and Blum also agreed to lend to certain
Schultz holders in the aggregate $25million, and entered
into put and call arrangements to purchase additional shares
from the Schultz holders to the extent that the Company does not
exercise its options to purchase such shares as described below. During August 2002, an affiliate of Howard
Schultz, a director of the Company, granted the Company two
options the First Option Agreement and the
Second Option Agreement to purchase, in total,
approximately 29million shares of the Companys
common stock at a price of $872per share plus accretion
of 8% per annum from August27, 2002. The Second Option
Agreement remained outstanding as of December31, 2002, and
expires on May9, 2003. On September12, 2002, the Board granted the
Companys executive management the discretionary authority
to exercise one or both options either through partial or
complete exercises. On September20, 2002, the Company
exercised the First Option Agreement in its entirety and
purchased approximately 145million shares of its common
stock from a Howard Schultz affiliate, for approximately
$1268million, representing a price of $872per
share plus accretion of 8% per annum from the August27,
2002 option 71 Table of Contents PRG-SCHULTZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Continued issuance date. The option purchase price was
funded through borrowings under the Companys senior bank
credit facility. The Second Option Agreement remained
outstanding as of December31, 2002, and expires on
May9, 2003. On October24, 2002, the Board authorized
the repurchase of up to $500million of the Companys
common shares. Purchases may be made in the open market or in
privately negotiated transactions from time to time, and will
depend on market conditions, business opportunities and other
factors. The Company anticipates funding the purchases through a
combination of cash flow from operations and borrowings under
the Companys senior bank credit facility. Future
repurchases of the Companys common shares, regardless of
the funding source, are subject to limitations as defined in the
credit facility agreement. Included in this authorization is the
possibility of the Company exercising the Second Option
Agreement to purchase up to approximately 145million
shares from an affiliate of Howard Schultz, a director of the
Company. During 2002, the Company repurchased 08million
shares of its outstanding common stock on the open market at a
cost of $748million, in addition to exercising the First
Option Agreement. At December31, 2002, management has
remaining board authorization to purchase an additional
$425million of the Companys common shares,
including the possibility of exercising the Second Option
Agreement, subject to limitations as defined in the credit
facility agreement. On August1, 2000, the Board authorized a
shareholder protection rights plan designed to protect Company
shareholders from coercive or unfair takeover techniques through
the use of a Shareholder Protection Rights Agreement approved by
the Board the Rights Plan. The terms of the Rights
Plan provide for a dividend of one right collectively, the
Rights to purchase a fraction of a share of
participating preferred stock for each share owned. This
dividend was declared for each share of common stock outstanding
at the close of business on August14, 2000. The Rights,
which expire on August14, 2010, may be exercised only if
certain conditions are met, such as the acquisition or the
announcement of a tender offer the consummation of which would
result in the acquisition of 15% or more of the Companys
common stock by a person or affiliated group in a transaction
that is not approved by the Board. Issuance of the Rights does
not affect the finances of the Company, interfere with the
Companys operations or business plans or affect earnings
per share. The dividend was not taxable to the Company or its
shareholders and did not change the way in which the
Companys shares may be traded. At the 2001 annual meeting,
the Companys shareholders approved a resolution
recommending redemption of the Rights, as the Rights Plan
contained a continuing directors provision. In March
2002, a special committee appointed to consider the matter
recommended to the Board that the Rights Plan be amended to
remove the continuing directors provision contingent upon the
shareholders approving an amendment to the Companys
Articles of Incorporation providing that directors can only be
removed for cause. At the 2002 annual meeting, the shareholders
approved the amendment to the Companys Articles of
Incorporation to provide that directors can only be removed for
cause, and the Rights Plan was therefore automatically amended
to remove the continuing directors provision. Additionally, the
shareholders voted against a second proposal to redeem the
Rights Plan. During August 2002, the Board approved a one-time
and limited exemption to the 15% ownership clause under the
Rights Plan to Blum Capital Partners LP. Effective July31, 2000, in connection with
the Rights Plan, the Board amended the Companys Articles
of Incorporation to establish a new class of stock, the
participating preferred stock. The Board authorized 500,000
shares of the participating preferred stock, none of which has
been issued. On August14, 2000, the Company issued
286,000 restricted shares of its common stock to certain
employees the Stock Awards. Of the total
restricted shares issued, 135,000 restricted shares were
structured to vest on a ratable basis over five years of
continued employment. The remaining 151,000 restricted shares
were structured to vest at the end of five years of continued
employment. At December31, 2002, there were 19,500 shares
of the restricted common stock vested and 158,500 shares of the
restricted common stock had been forfeited by former employees.
Until vested, the restricted stock is nontransferable. 72 Table of Contents PRG-SCHULTZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Continued The holders of the restricted shares are entitled
to all other rights as a shareholder. Over the remaining life of
the Stock Awards as adjusted at December31, 2002 to
reflect forfeitures, the Company will recognize
$06million in compensation expense. For the years ended
December31, 2002, 2001 and 2000 the Company recognized
$02million, and $02million and $01million,
respectively, of compensation expense related to the Stock
Awards. The Company has issued no preferred stock through
December31, 2002, and has no present intentions to issue
any preferred stock, except for any potential issuance of
participating preferred stock 500,000 shares authorized
pursuant to the Rights Plan. The Companys remaining,
undesignated preferred stock 500,000 shares authorized may be
issued at any time or from time to time in one or more series
with such designations, powers, preferences, rights,
qualifications, limitations and restrictions including
dividend, conversion and voting rights as may be determined by
the Board, without any further votes or action by the
shareholders. 14COMMITMENTS
AND CONTINGENCIES   
a
Legal Proceedings Beginning on June6, 2000, three putative
class action lawsuits were filed against the Company and certain
of its present and former officers in the United States District
Court for the Northern District of Georgia, Atlanta Division.
These cases were subsequently consolidated into one proceeding
styled: In re Profit Recovery Group International, Inc. Sec.
Litig., Civil Action File No1:00-CV-1416-CC the
Securities ClassAction Litigation. On
November13, 2000, the Plaintiffs in these cases filed a
Consolidated and Amended Complaint the Complaint.
In that Complaint, Plaintiffs allege that the Company,
JohnM. Cook, ScottL. Colabuono, the Companys
former Chief Financial Officer, and MichaelA. Lustig, the
Companys former Chief Operating Officer, the
Defendants violated Sections10b and 20a
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule10b-5
promulgated thereunder by allegedly disseminating false and
misleading information about a change in the Companys
method of recognizing revenue and in connection with revenue
reported for a division. Plaintiffs purport to bring this action
on behalf of a class of persons who purchased the Companys
stock between July19, 1999 and July26, 2000.
Plaintiffs seek an unspecified amount of compensatory damages,
payment of litigation fees and expenses, and equitable and/or
injunctive relief. On January24, 2001, Defendants filed a
Motion to Dismiss the Complaint for failure to state a claim
under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, 15 U.S.C.
78u-4 et seq. The Court denied
Defendants Motion to Dismiss on June5, 2001.
Defendants served their Answer to Plaintiffs Complaint on
June19, 2001. The Court granted Plaintiffs Motion
for ClassCertification on December3, 2002. Discovery
is currently ongoing. The Company believes the alleged claims in
this lawsuit are without merit and intends to defend this
lawsuit vigorously. Due to the inherent uncertainties of the
litigation process and the judicial system, the Company is
unable to predict the outcome of this litigation. If the outcome
of this litigation is adverse to the Company, it could have a
material adverse effect on the Companys business,
financial condition, and results of operations. In the normal course of business, the Company is
involved in and subject to other claims, contractual disputes
and other uncertainties. Management, after reviewing with legal
counsel all of these actions and proceedings, believes that the
aggregate losses, if any, will not have a material adverse
effect on the Companys financial position or results of
operations. bIndemnification
Commitment and Consideration Concerning Certain Future Asset
Impairment Assessments The Companys Meridian unit and an unrelated
German concern named Deutscher Kraftverkehr Euro Service
GmbH Co. KG DKV are each a 50% owner of
a joint venture named Transporters VAT Reclaim Limited
TVR. Since neither owner, acting alone, has
majority control over TVR, Meridian 73 Table of Contents PRG-SCHULTZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Continued accounts for its ownership using the equity
method of accounting. DKV provides European truck drivers with a
credit card that facilitates their fuel purchases. DKV
distinguishes itself from its competitors, in part, by providing
its customers with an immediate advance refund of the Value
Added Taxes VAT paid on fuel purchases. DKV then
recovers the VAT from the taxing authorities through the TVR
joint venture. Meridian processes the VAT refund on behalf of
TVR, for which it receives a percentage fee. TVR maintains a
383million Euro $402million at December31,
2002 exchange rates financing facility with Barclays Bank plc
Barclays whereby its sells the VAT refund claims
to Barclays with full recourse. As of December31, 2002,
there was 350million Euro $367million at
December31, 2002 exchange rates outstanding under this
facility. As a condition of the financing facility between TVR
and Barclays, Meridian has provided an indemnity to Barclays for
any losses that Barclays may suffer in the event that Meridian
processes any fraudulent claims on TVRs behalf. Meridian
has not been required to remit funds to Barclays under this
indemnity and the Company believes the probability of the
indemnity clause being invoked is remote. Meridian has no
obligation to Barclays as to the collectibility of VAT refund
claims sold by TVR to Barclays unless fraudulent conduct is
involved. The Barclays credit financing facility expires on
March31, 2003 and negotiations are currently underway to
extend it. Should the Barclays credit financing facility
not be extended or if it is extended under financial terms and
conditions that are more expensive to TVR, Meridians
future revenues from TVR $36million in 2002 and the
associated profits therefrom could be substantially reduced or
even eliminated. Moreover, if the new financing terms and
conditions are such that they eventually cause a marked
deterioration in TVRs future financial condition, Meridian
may be unable to recover some or all of its long-term investment
in TVR which stood at $24million at December31,
2002. This investment is included in Other Assets on the
Companys December31, 2002 Consolidated Balance Sheet.   
cStandby Letter of
Credit On November21, 2001, the Company entered
into a Standby Letter of Credit Letter of Credit
with Bank of America, N.A. in the face amount of 23 million
EUR. On December31, 2001, the Letter of Credit was amended
to increase the face amount to 30million EUR
$31million USD at December31, 2002. On
January13, 2003, the Letter of Credit was amended to
increase the face amount to 32million EUR
$34million USD at December31, 2002. The Letter of
Credit serves as assurance to VAT authorities in France that the
Companys Meridian unit will properly and expeditiously
remit all French VAT refunds it receives in its capacity as
intermediary and custodian to the appropriate client recipients.
The current rate of the Letter of Credit was 25% at
December31, 2002. There were no borrowings outstanding
under the Letter of Credit at December31, 2002. 15ACQUISITIONS On August6, 1998, the Company acquired
substantially all the assets and assumed certain liabilities of
Loder, Drew Associates, Inc. Loder
Drew, a California-based international recovery auditing
firm. In connection with this acquisition, the prior owners
received purchase price consideration of $400million in
cash in the first quarter of 2000 based on the financial
performance of Loder Drew for the year ending December31,
1999. On August19, 1999, the Company acquired
Meridian VAT Corporation Limited Meridian.
Meridian is based in Dublin, Ireland. At the time of
acquisition, Meridian maintained a phantom stock plan whereby
participants were entitled to receive the subsequent
appreciation in the value of Meridians shares in direct
proportion to the number of phantom shares assigned to each
individual. The phantom stock plan was terminated upon the
Companys purchase of Meridian, and participants were paid
their respective proceeds pursuant to a schedule of periodic
payments, which concluded with a final installment in January
2001. On June1, 2000, the Company acquired
substantially all of the assets and assumed certain liabilities
of TSL Services, Inc., a Delaware corporation TSL.
TSL specializes in telecom bill auditing and 74 Table of Contents PRG-SCHULTZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Continued optimization and call accounting and reporting.
The transaction was accounted for as a purchase, with
consideration of $183million in cash. The acquisition
resulted in goodwill of $156million which, prior to the
adoption of SFAS No142, was being amortized over
30years using the straight-line method. On January24, 2002, the Company acquired
substantially all the assets and assumed certain liabilities of
Howard Schultz Associates International, Inc.
HSA-Texas, substantially all of the outstanding
stock of HSA International Pte Ltd. and all of the
outstanding stock of Howard Schultz Associates Asia
Limited, Howard Schultz Associates Australia, Inc.
and Howard Schultz Associates Canada, Inc., each an
affiliated foreign operating company of HSA-Texas, pursuant to
an amended and restated agreement and plan of reorganization by
and among PRG-Schultz, HSA-Texas, Howard Schultz, AndrewH.
Schultz and certain trusts dated December11, 2001 the
Asset Agreement and an amended and restated
agreement and plan of reorganization by and among PRG-Schultz,
Howard Schultz, AndrewH. Schultz, AndrewH. Schultz
Irrevocable Trust and Leslie Schultz dated December11,
2001 the Stock Agreement. Pursuant to the Asset and Stock Agreements, the
consideration paid for the assets of HSA-Texas and affiliates
was 14,759,970 unregistered shares of the Companys common
stock and the assumption of certain HSA-Texas liabilities. In
addition, options to purchase approximately 11million
shares of the Companys common stock were issued in
exchange for outstanding HSA-Texas options. The Companys
available domestic cash balances and senior bank credit facility
were used to fund closing costs related to the acquisitions of
the businesses of HSA-Texas and affiliates and to repay certain
indebtedness of HSA-Texas and affiliates. The total purchase price consisted of
approximately 148million shares of the Companys
common stock with an estimated fair value of approximately
$1548 million, 11million fully vested options to
purchase the Companys common stock with an estimated fair
value of approximately $50million, and estimated direct
transaction costs of approximately $112million. Pursuant
to EITF No. 99-12, the fair value of the Companys common
stock was determined as the average closing price per share from
July24, 2001 to July28, 2001 which was $10482. The
Company announced the transaction on July26, 2001. The
fair value of the fully vested options was determined using the
Black Scholes pricing model. The amounts and components of the purchase price
are presented below in thousands   
Common stock
$
15
Additional paid-in capital
159,747
Transaction costs
11,191
Total purchase price
$
170,953
The allocation of the purchase price is as
follows in thousands   
Tangible assets acquired
$
23,829
Liabilities assumed
95,275
Net liabilities assumed
71,446
Allocation of purchase price to:
Intangible assets
39,310
Goodwill
203,089
Total purchase price
$
170,953
75 Table of Contents PRG-SCHULTZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Continued As more fully discussed in Note3 of Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements, certain final tax matters
related to the acquisitions of the businesses of HSA-Texas and
affiliates are unresolved and may result in a purchase price
adjustment in future periods. Goodwill recognized in the acquisitions of the
businesses of HSA-Texas and affiliates was assigned to the
Accounts Payable Services segment. Approximately $478 million
of the goodwill is currently expected to be deductible for tax
purposes. The identifiable tangible and intangible assets
recognized are as follows in thousands   
Tangible assets:
Cash
$
4,023
Receivables
10,942
Net deferred tax asset
6,042
Property and equipment
1,763
Other
1,059
Total tangible assets
$
23,829
Estimated   
Value
Useful Life   
Intangible assets:
Customer relationships
$
27,700
20years
Trade name
9,600
Indefinite
Unrecognized customer revenue
1,610
2months
Employee agreements
400
2years
Total intangible assets
$
39,310
Intangible assets with definite useful lives are
being amortized over their respective estimated useful lives to
their estimated residual values, and will be reviewed for
impairment in accordance with SFAS No144, Accounting
for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets. Liabilities assumed are as follows in thousands   
Debt including amounts paid at closing
$
49,625
Accounts payable and accrued expenses
14,022
Accrued payroll and related expenses
13,817
Deferred revenue
2,356
Current liabilities
79,820
Deferred tax liability
13,378
Other
2,077
Total liabilities
$
95,275
The results of HSA-Texas and affiliates
operations have been included in the Companys consolidated
financial statements since the date of acquisition. HSA-Texas
audited accounts payable records, occupancy costs, vendor
statements and direct to store delivery records to recover
overpayments that resulted from missed credits, duplicated
payments, overlooked allowances, incorrect invoices and other
discrepancies. HSA-Texas provided recovery audit services to
large and mid-size businesses having numerous payment
transactions with many vendors. These businesses were primarily
retailers and wholesale distributors. As a result of the 76 Table of Contents PRG-SCHULTZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Continued acquisitions, the Company believes that it has
added highly qualified auditors and other employees from the
HSA-Texas workforce, enhancing the combined companies
expertise in audit recovery methodologies. Additionally, the
Company believes that the acquisition will allow it to achieve
synergies through the elimination of significant levels of
duplicate costs and increased market strength through an
enhanced global presence. Selected unauditedpro forma results of
operations of the Company for the years ended December31,
2002 and 2001 as if the acquisitions of the businesses of
HSA-Texas and affiliates had been completed as of
January1, 2001, are as follows: amounts in thousands,
except per share data   
2002
2001   
Revenues
$
465,228
$
457,133
Operating income
43,385
20,038
Earnings from continuing operations before
discontinued operations and cumulative effect of accounting
change
21,352
11,644
Net earnings loss
6,860
80,227
Diluted earnings from continuing operations
before discontinued operations and cumulative effect of
accounting change per share
$
030
$
009
Diluted net earnings lossper share
$
013
$
125
Unusual or non-recurring items included in the
reported unauditedpro forma results are as follows   
1HSA-Texas and affiliates recorded only
$19million in revenues for the 24day period in
January 2002 prior to the finalization of the acquisitions. This
reduced billing amount was a direct consequence of an atypically
large invoice volume for HSA-Texas and affiliates during
December 2001. HSA-Texas and affiliates recorded revenues for
the month of December 2001 of approximately $191million,
or 133% of their total 2001 revenues of $1431million.
2In January 2002, HSA-Texas and affiliates
recorded approximately $78million of obligations owed to
independent contractor associates resulting from revisions made
to their contractual compensation agreements. During the
24day period in January 2002 prior to finalization of the
acquisitions, HSA-Texas entered into revised individual
agreements with certain domestic independent contractor
associates whereby such associates each agreed to accept a
stipulated future lump sum payment representing the differential
between athe associates future compensation for
work-in-process as calculated under their then current HSA-Texas
compensation plan and bthe associates future
compensation on that same work-in-process as calculated under
The Profit Recovery Group International, Inc. compensation plan.
These agreements enabled the participating HSA-Texas workforce
to join The Profit Recovery Group International, Inc.
compensation plan immediately upon merger completion and without
disruptive transitional delays.
3In May 2001, HSA-Texas and affiliates
entered into a settlement agreement with respect to litigation
pending at December31, 2000, involving a group of
independent contractors formerly associated with HSA-Texas and
affiliates. Pursuant to the agreement, HSA-Texas was relieved of
certain obligations to pay commissions to those contractors,
which amounted to $37million at the date of settlement.
The settlement was recorded as other income for the year ended
December31, 2001.
16STOCK OPTION
PLAN AND EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN At December31, 2002, the Company has three
stock compensation plans that are described below. Pursuant to
SFAS No123, Accounting for Stock-Based
Compensation, the Company has elected to account for its
stock option plans under the provisions of Accounting Principles
Board APB Opinion No25, Accounting for
Stock Issued to Employees, and related interpretations.
Accordingly, no compensation expense 77 Table of Contents PRG-SCHULTZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Continued has been recognized for the stock compensation
plans in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Companys Stock Incentive Plan, as
amended, has authorized the grant of options to purchase
12,375,000 shares of the Companys common stock to key
employees, directors, consultants and advisors. The majority of
options granted through December31, 2002 have 5-year terms
and vest and become fully exercisable on a ratable basis over
four or five years of continued employment. The Companys HSA Acquisition Stock Option
Plan, as amended, authorized the grant of options to purchase
1,083,846 shares of the Companys common stock to former
key employees and advisors of HSA-Texas who were hired or
elected to the Board in connection with the acquisitions of the
businesses of HSA-Texas and affiliates and who were participants
in the 1999 Howard Schultz Associates International Stock
Option Plan. The options have 5-year terms and vested upon and
became fully exercisable upon issuance. No additional options
can be issued under this plan. A summary of the Companys stock option
activity and related information for the years ended
December31 2002, 2001 and 2000 follows   
2002
2001
2000   
Weighted
Weighted
Weighted   
Average
Average
Average   
Exercise
Exercise
Exercise   
Options
Price
Options
Price
Options
Price   
Outstanding beginning of year
5,975,609
$
1264
7,127,827
$
1479
7,133,026
$
1818
Granted
3,972,366
872
1,440,000
782
2,981,690
1421
Exercised
1,119,274
691
379,660
739
240,649
858
Forfeited
757,479
1469
2,212,558
1733
2,746,240
2385
Outstanding end of year
8,071,222
$
1131
5,975,609
$
1264
7,127,827
$
1479
Exercisable at end of year
4,101,985
$
1107
3,158,893
$
1168
2,295,328
$
1142
Weighted average fair value of options granted
during year
$
616
$
560
$
958
The following table summarizes information about
stock options outstanding at December31, 2002   
Exercisable   
Number
Weighted-
Weighted-
of Shares
Average
Average
Number
Weighted   Range of
Subject
Remaining
Exercise
Of
Average   Exercise Prices
to Option
Life
Price
Shares
Exercise Price   
$353$1099
5,941,275
374 years
$
822
2,838,728
$
739
$1100$2500
1,488,412
511 years
$
1598
940,082
$
1582
Over $2500
641,535
683 years
$
2905
323,175
$
2967
8,071,222
4,101,985
The weighted average remaining contract life of
options outstanding at December31, 2002 was
424years. Effective May15, 1997, the Company
established an employee stock purchase plan pursuant to
Section423 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended. The plan covers 2,625,000 shares of Companys
common stock, which may be authorized unissued shares, or shares
reacquired through private purchases or purchases on the open
market. Employees can contribute up to 10% of their compensation
towards the semiannual purchase of stock. The employees
purchase price is 85percent of the fair market price on
the first business day of the purchase period. The Company is
not required to recognize compensation 78 Table of Contents PRG-SCHULTZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Continued expense related to this plan. During 2002, 2001,
and 2000, approximately 200,000, 225,000, and 5,000 share
certificates were issued under the plan for an aggregate
purchase price of approximately $550,000, $600,000, and $50,000,
respectively. 17FAIR VALUE
OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS The carrying amounts for cash and cash
equivalents, receivables, funds held for client obligations,
notes payable, current installments of long-term debt,
obligations for client payables, accounts payable and accrued
expenses, and accrued payroll and related expenses approximate
fair value because of the short maturity of these instruments. Amounts outstanding under long-term debt
agreements are considered to be carried on the consolidated
financial statements at their estimated fair values because they
accrue interest at rates that generally fluctuate with interest
rate trends. The estimated fair value of the Companys
convertible notes at December31, 2002 and 2001 was
$1229million and $1221million respectively, and
the carrying value of the Companys convertible notes at
December31, 2002 and 2001 was $1215million and
$1212million respectively. Fair value estimates are made at a specific point
in time, based on relevant market information about the
financial instrument. These estimates are subjective in nature
and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment
and therefore cannot be determined with precision. Changes in
assumptions could significantly affect the estimates.
Accordingly, the estimates presented are not necessarily
indicative of the amounts that could be realized in a current
market exchange. 79 Table of Contents 