Item8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data for more information regarding the Evergreen merger.   Mission
and Strategies   The Companys mission is to enhance shareholder investment
returns through strategies that maximize Pioneers
long-term profitability and net asset value. The strategies
employed to achieve this mission are predicated on maintaining
financial flexibility and capital allocation discipline. These
strategies are anchored by the Companys long-lived
Spraberry oil field and Hugoton, Raton and West Panhandle gas
fields reserves and production which have an estimated
remaining productive life in excess of 40years. Underlying
these fields are approximately 78percent of the
Companys proved oil and gas reserves as of
December31, 2005.   
4 Table of Contents   Recent strategic initiatives.During
September 2005, the Company announced that its board of
directors the Board approved significant strategic
initiatives intended to enhance shareholder value and investment
returns. Together with other important initiatives, the Board
approved   
A $1billion share repurchase program, $650million of
which was immediately initiated and substantially completed
during 2005 and $350million of which is subject to the
completion of the planned deepwater Gulf of Mexico and Argentina
divestitures discussed below.   
A plan to divest the Companys assets in the Tierra del
Fuego area in southern Argentina. The plan was later broadened
to include entertaining offers for a complete sale of all of the
Companys Argentine assets. During January 2006, Pioneer
entered into an agreement to sell its assets in Argentina for
$675million.   
A plan to divest the Companys assets in the deepwater Gulf
of Mexico. Bids to purchase the properties were received in
January 2006 and the Company is currently engaged in
negotiations for the sale of these assets. No assurance can be
given that a sale can be completed on terms acceptable to the
Company.   The implementation of the Boards strategic initiatives is
allowing Pioneer to iallocate and focus its investment
capital more heavily towards predictable oil and gas basins in
North America that have delivered relatively strong and
consistent growth and iilower its risk profile by
expanding North American unconventional resource investments
while reducing higher-risk exploration expenditures.   The divestiture of the Companys Argentine oil and gas
assets will allow the Company to leverage the current commodity
price environment to monetize and exit operations in an area
that has become characterized by lower operating margins,
government-controlled pricing and modest production growth
opportunities. The divestiture of the Companys deepwater
Gulf of Mexico assets, if successful, will also allow the
Company to monetize and exit operations in an area that is
characterized by escalating drilling and operating costs and
relatively high exploration risk and production volatility.   During 2006, the Company plans to: iselectively explore
for and develop proved reserve discoveries in areas that it
believes will offer superior reserve growth and profitability
potential; iievaluate opportunities to acquire oil and
gas properties that will complement the Companys
exploration and development drilling activities;
iiiinvest in the personnel and technology necessary to
maximize the Companys exploration and development
successes; and ivenhance liquidity, allowing the Company
to take advantage of future exploration, development and
acquisition opportunities. The Company is committed to
continuing to enhance shareholder investment returns through
adherence to these strategies.   Business
Activities   The Company is an independent oil and gas exploration and
production company. Pioneers purpose is to competitively
and profitably explore for, develop and produce oil, NGL and gas
reserves. In so doing, the Company sells homogenous oil, NGL and
gas units which, except for geographic and relatively minor
qualitative differentials, cannot be significantly
differentiated from units offered for sale by the Companys
competitors. Competitive advantage is gained in the oil and gas
exploration and development industry by employing experienced
management and staff that will lead the Company to prudent
capital investment decisions, technological innovation and price
and cost management.   Petroleum industry.The petroleum
industry has generally been characterized by rising oil, NGL and
gas commodity prices during 2005 and recent years. During 2005,
the Company has also been affected by increasing costs,
particularly higher drilling and well servicing rig rates and
drilling supplies. During recent years, world oil prices have
increased in response to increases in demand in Asian economies,
hurricane activity in the Gulf of Mexico and supply disruptions
and threatened disruptions in the Middle East and Venezuela.
North American gas prices have improved as overall demand
fundamentals have strengthened while supply uncertainties still
remain. Significant factors that will impact 2006 commodity
prices include developments in the issues currently impacting
Iraq and Iran and the Middle East in general; the extent to
which members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting
Countries OPEC and other oil exporting nations are
able to continue to manage oil supply through export quotas; and
overall North American gas supply and demand fundamentals. To
mitigate the impact of commodity price volatility on the
Companys net asset value, Pioneer utilizes commodity hedge
contracts. See   
5 Table of Contents   Item7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk and NoteJ of Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements included in Item8. Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data for information
regarding the impact to oil and gas revenues during 2005, 2004
and 2003 from the Companys hedging activities and the
Companys open hedge positions at December31, 2005.   The Company.The Companys asset
base is anchored by the Spraberry oil field located in West
Texas, the Hugoton gas field located in Southwest Kansas, the
Raton gas field located in southern Colorado and the West
Panhandle gas field located in the Texas Panhandle.
Complementing these areas, the Company has exploration and
development opportunities
and/or oil
and gas production activities in the Gulf of Mexico, the onshore
Gulf Coast area and in Alaska, and internationally in Argentina,
Canada, Equatorial Guinea, Nigeria, South Africa and Tunisia.
Combined, these assets create a portfolio of resources and
opportunities that are well balanced among oil, NGLs and gas,
and that are also well balanced between long-lived, dependable
production and exploration and development opportunities.
Additionally, the Company has a team of dedicated employees that
represent the professional disciplines and sciences that will
allow Pioneer to maximize the long-term profitability and net
asset value inherent in its physical assets.   The Company provides administrative, financial and management
support to United States and foreign subsidiaries that explore
for, develop and produce oil, NGL and gas reserves. Production
operations are principally located domestically in Texas,
Kansas, Colorado, Louisiana, Utah and the Gulf of Mexico, and
internationally in Argentina, Canada, South Africa and Tunisia.   Production.The Company focuses its
efforts towards maximizing its average daily production of oil,
NGLs and gas through development drilling, production
enhancement activities and acquisitions of producing properties
while minimizing the controllable costs associated with the
production activities. During the year ended December31,
2005, the Companys average daily production, on a BOE
basis, decreased as a result of iproduction curtailments
in the Gulf of Mexico resulting from 2004 and 2005 hurricane
damages, iiproduction curtailment in the United States
Mid-Continent area during mid-May through mid-July due to the
fire at the Companys Fain gas plant and iiifull
production of recoverable reserves from the Harrier field in the
deepwater Gulf of Mexico during the third quarter of 2005.
Partially offsetting these decreases in production volumes were
ia full year of gas production from the properties
acquired in the Evergreen merger, iiincreased production
from the Companys Devils Tower oil field in the deepwater
Gulf of Mexico despite hurricane disruptions,
iiiincreased production from the Companys Raptor
and Tomahawk gas fields in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico and
ivincreased production from the Companys Argentine
and Canadian subsidiaries, primarily in response to increased
development drilling. Production, price and cost information
with respect to the Companys properties for 2005, 2004 and
2003 is set forth under Item2.
PropertiesSelected Oil and Gas
InformationProduction, Price and Cost
Data.   The aforementioned divestitures of the Argentine and deepwater
Gulf of Mexico assets, if successfully completed, will
significantly reduce the Companys 2006 production volumes.   Drilling activities.The Company seeks
to increase its oil and gas reserves, production and cash flow
through exploratory and development drilling and by conducting
other production enhancement activities, such as well
recompletions. During the three years ended December31,
2005, the Company drilled 1,626gross 1,484net
wells, 91percent of which were successfully completed as
productive wells, at a total drilling cost net to the
Companys interest of $21billion.   The Company believes that its current property base provides a
substantial inventory of prospects for future reserve,
production and cash flow growth. The Companys proved
reserves as of December31, 2005 include proved undeveloped
reserves and proved developed reserves that are behind pipe of
196MMBOE of oil and NGLs and 1,233Bcf of gas.
Development of these proved reserves will require future capital
expenditures. The timing of the development of these reserves
will be dependent upon the commodity price environment, the
Companys expected operating cash flows and the
Companys financial condition. The Company believes that
its current portfolio of proved reserves and unproved prospects
provides attractive development and exploration opportunities
for at least the next three to five years.   
6 Table of Contents   Exploratory activities.The Company has
devoted significant efforts and resources to hiring and
developing a highly skilled exploration staff as well as
acquiring a portfolio of exploration opportunities. During
September 2005, the Company announced that the Board approved
strategic initiatives to implement a plan to exit exploration in
the deepwater Gulf of Mexico and the Tierra del Fuego area in
Argentina and to focus its exploration efforts in onshore North
America, Alaska and Africa. Associated therewith, and pending
approval of a 2006 capital spending budget, the Company plans to
reduce its 2006 exploration budget to less than 20percent
of the total 2006 capital budget. The Company anticipates that
its 2006 exploration efforts will be concentrated domestically
in the onshore Gulf Coast area, the Rocky Mountain area and
Alaska, and internationally in Africa and Canada. Exploratory
drilling involves greater risks of dry holes or failure to find
commercial quantities of hydrocarbons than development drilling
or enhanced recovery activities. See Item1A. Risk
FactorsDrilling activities below.   Acquisition activities.The Company
regularly seeks to acquire properties that complement its
operations, provide exploration and development opportunities
and potentially provide superior returns on investment. In
addition, the Company pursues strategic acquisitions that will
allow the Company to expand into new geographical areas that
feature producing properties and provide
exploration/exploitation opportunities. During 2005, 2004 and
2003, the Company invested $2697million,
$26billion including $25billion associated with
the Evergreen merger and $1510million, respectively, of
acquisition capital to purchase proved oil and gas properties,
including additional interests in its existing assets, and to
acquire new prospects for future exploitation and exploration
activities. See NoteC of Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements included in Item8. Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data for a description of the
Companys acquisitions during 2005, 2004 and 2003.   The Company periodically evaluates and pursues acquisition
opportunities including opportunities to acquire particular oil
and gas properties or related assets; entities owning oil and
gas properties or related assets; and opportunities to engage in
mergers, consolidations or other business combinations with such
entities and at any given time may be in various stages of
evaluating such opportunities. Such stages may take the form of
internal financial analysis, oil and gas reserve analysis, due
diligence, the submission of an indication of interest,
preliminary negotiations, negotiation of a letter of intent or
negotiation of a definitive agreement. The success of any
acquisition will depend on a number of factors. See
Item1A. Risk Factors-Acquisitions.   Asset divestitures.The Company
regularly reviews its asset base for the purpose of identifying
nonstrategic assets, the disposition of which would increase
capital resources available for other activities and create
organizational and operational efficiencies. While the Company
generally does not dispose of assets solely for the purpose of
reducing debt, such dispositions can have the result of
furthering the Companys objective of increasing financial
flexibility through reduced debt levels.   During September 2005, the Company announced that the Board had
approved a series of strategic initiatives, including a plan to
divest the Companys nonoperated Tierra del Fuego interests
in southern Argentina and the Companys deepwater Gulf of
Mexico portfolio. During the Argentine sale process, the Company
had indications from several potential buyers that they could
enhance their value for a transaction in Argentina if it
included all of the Companys properties. Consequently, the
Company expressed its willingness to entertain offers for a
complete exit from Argentina. During January 2006, the Company
announced signing an agreement with Apache Corporation to sell
all of its assets in Argentina for $675million, subject to
normal closing adjustments. The sale to Apache Corporation is
expected to close during the latter part of the first quarter or
in early April of 2006.   The deepwater Gulf of Mexico bid process has been completed and
the Company is currently engaged in negotiations for the sale of
the properties. No assurance can be given that a sale can be
completed on terms acceptable to the Company.   During 2005, the Companys material divestitures consisted
of ithe sale of three volumetric production payments
VPPs in the Spraberry and Hugoton fields for net
proceeds of approximately $8926million, iithe
sale of all of its interests in the Martin Creek, Conroy Black
and Lookout Butte oil and gas properties in Canada for net
proceeds of $1972million, which resulted in a gain of
$1383million that is included in the Companys
discontinued operations; iiithe sale of all of its
interests in certain oil and gas properties on the shelf of the
Gulf of Mexico for net proceeds of $591million, which
resulted in a gain of $277million that is included in the
Companys discontinued operations; and ivthe sale
of all of its shares in a subsidiary that owns the interest in
the Olowi block in Gabon for net proceeds of $479million,
which resulted in a gain of $475million that is included
in   
7 Table of Contents   the Companys 2005 income from continuing operations. The
net cash proceeds were primarily used to fund additions to oil
and gas properties or to reduce the Companys outstanding
indebtedness. See NotesN and T of Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements included in Item8. Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data for specific information
regarding the Companys asset divestitures and VPPs entered
into by the Company during 2005.   The Company anticipates that it will continue to sell
nonstrategic properties or other assets from time to time to
increase capital resources available for other activities, to
achieve operating and administrative efficiencies and to improve
profitability.   Operations
by Geographic Area   The Company operates in one industry segment, that being oil and
gas exploration and production. See NoteR of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for geographic
operating segment information, including results of operations
and segment assets.   Marketing
of Production   General.Production from the
Companys properties is marketed using methods that are
consistent with industry practices. Sales prices for oil, NGL
and gas production are negotiated based on factors normally
considered in the industry, such as the index or spot price for
gas or the posted price for oil, price regulations, distance
from the well to the pipeline, well pressure, estimated
reserves, commodity quality and prevailing supply conditions. In
Argentina, the Company receives significantly lower prices for
its production as a result of the Argentine governments
imposed price limitations. See Qualitative
Disclosures in Item7A. Quantitative and
Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk for additional
discussion of Argentine foreign currency, operations and price
risk.   Significant purchasers.During 2005,
the Companys primary purchasers of oil, NGLs and gas were
Williams Power Company, Inc. nine percent, Occidental Energy
Marketing, Inc. nine percent, ConocoPhillips seven percent,
Plains Marketing LP seven percent and Tenaska Marketing six
percent. The Company is of the opinion that the loss of any one
purchaser would not have an adverse effect on its ability to
sell its oil, NGL and gas production.   Hedging activities.The Company
utilizes commodity swap and collar contracts in order to
ireduce the effect of price volatility on the
commodities the Company produces and sells, iisupport
the Companys annual capital budgeting and expenditure
plans and iiireduce commodity price risk associated with
certain capital projects. See Item7.
Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations for a description of the
Companys hedging activities, Item7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
and NoteJ of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
included in Item8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data for information concerning the impact
on oil and gas revenues during 2005, 2004 and 2003 from the
Companys commodity hedging activities and the
Companys open commodity hedge positions at
December31, 2005.   Competition,
Markets and Regulations   Competition.The oil and gas industry
is highly competitive. A large number of companies, including
major integrated and other independent companies, and
individuals engage in the exploration for and development of oil
and gas properties, and there is a high degree of competition
for oil and gas properties suitable for development or
exploration. Acquisitions of oil and gas properties have been an
important element of the Companys growth. The Company
intends to continue to acquire oil and gas properties that
complement its operations, provide exploration and development
opportunities and potentially provide superior returns on
investment. The principal competitive factors in the acquisition
of oil and gas properties include the staff and data necessary
to identify, evaluate and purchase such properties and the
financial resources necessary to acquire and develop the
properties. Higher recent commodity prices have increased the
cost of properties available for acquisition. Many of the
Companys competitors are substantially larger and have
financial and other resources greater than those of the Company.   
8 Table of Contents   Markets.The Companys ability to
produce and market oil, NGLs and gas profitably depends on
numerous factors beyond the Companys control. The effect
of these factors cannot be accurately predicted or anticipated.
Although the Company cannot predict the occurrence of events
that may affect these commodity prices or the degree to which
these prices will be affected, the prices for any commodity that
the Company produces will generally approximate current market
prices in the geographic region of the production.   Governmental regulations.Enterprises
that sell securities in public markets are subject to regulatory
oversight by agencies such as the SEC and the NYSE. This
regulatory oversight imposes on the Company the responsibility
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures that will ensure that material information relating
to the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries is made known
to the Companys management and that the financial
statements and other financial information included in
submissions to the SEC do not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made in such submissions not misleading.   Oil and gas exploration and production operations are also
subject to various types of regulation by local, state, federal
and foreign agencies. Additionally, the Companys
operations are subject to state conservation laws and
regulations, including provisions for the unitization or pooling
of oil and gas properties, the establishment of maximum rates of
production from wells and the regulation of spacing, plugging
and abandonment of wells. States and foreign governments also
generally impose a production or severance tax with respect to
the production and sale of oil and gas within their respective
jurisdictions. The regulatory burden on the oil and gas industry
increases the Companys cost of doing business and,
consequently, affects its profitability.   Additional proposals and proceedings that might affect the oil
and gas industry are considered from time to time by the United
States Congress, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, state
regulatory bodies, the courts and foreign governments. The
Company cannot predict when or if any such proposals might
become effective or their effect, if any, on the Companys
operations.   Environmental and health controls.The
Companys operations are subject to numerous
U.S.federal, state and local, as well as foreign, laws and
regulations governing the discharge of substances into the
environment or otherwise relating to environmental and health
protection. These laws and regulations may require the
acquisition of a permit before drilling commences, restrict the
type, quantities and concentration of various substances that
can be released into the environment in connection with drilling
and production activities, limit or prohibit drilling activities
on certain lands lying within wilderness, wetlands and other
protected areas and impose substantial liabilities for pollution
resulting from oil and gas operations. The Companys
inability to obtain these permits in a timely manner or at all
could cause delays or otherwise negatively impact the
Companys ability to implement its business plans. Failure
to comply with these environmental laws and regulations may
result in the assessment of administrative, civil, and criminal
penalties, the imposition of remedial obligations, and the
issuance of injunctions that limit or prevent operations.
Although the Company believes that compliance with U.S. and
foreign environmental laws and regulations will not have a
material adverse effect on its future results of operations or
financial condition, risks of substantial costs and liabilities
are inherent in oil and gas operations, and there can be no
assurance that significant costs and liabilities will not be
incurred or that curtailment in production or processing might
not arise as a result of such compliance. Moreover, it is
possible that other developments, such as stricter environmental
laws and regulations or claims for damages to property or
persons resulting from the Companys operations, could
result in substantial costs and liabilities.   In the U.S., the Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation, and Liability Act CERCLA, also known
as the Superfund law, imposes liability, without
regard to fault or the legality of the original conduct, on
certain classes of persons with respect to the release of a
hazardous substance into the environment. These
persons include the owner or operator of the disposal site or
sites where the release occurred and companies that disposed or
arranged for the disposal of hazardous substances released at
the site. Persons who are or were responsible for releases of
hazardous substances under CERCLA may be subject to joint and
several, strict liability for the costs of cleaning up the
hazardous substances that have been released into the
environment and for damages to natural resources, and it is not
uncommon for neighboring landowners and other third parties to
file claims for personal injury and property damage allegedly
caused by the hazardous substances released into the environment.   
9 Table of Contents   The Company generates wastes in the U.S., including hazardous
wastes, that are subject to the federal Resource Conservation
and Recovery Act RCRA and comparable state
statutes. The U.S.Environmental Protection Agency, and
various state agencies have limited the approved methods of
disposal for certain hazardous and nonhazardous wastes.
Furthermore, certain wastes generated by the Companys oil
and gas operations that are currently exempt from treatment as
hazardous wastes may in the future be designated as hazardous
wastes, and therefore be subject to more rigorous and costly
operating and disposal requirements.   The Company currently owns or leases, and has in the past owned
or leased, properties in the U.S. that for many years have been
used for the exploration and production of oil and gas reserves.
Although the Company has used operating and disposal practices
that were standard in the industry at the time, hydrocarbons or
other wastes may have been disposed of or released on or under
the properties owned or leased by the Company or on or under
other locations where such hydrocarbons or wastes have been
taken for recycling or disposal. In addition, some of these
properties have been operated by third parties whose treatment
and disposal or release of hydrocarbons or other wastes was not
under the Companys control. These properties and the
hydrocarbons or wastes disposed thereon may be subject to
CERCLA, RCRA and analogous state laws. Under such laws, the
Company could be required to remove or remediate previously
disposed wastes or property contamination or to perform remedial
plugging operations to prevent future contamination.   Federal regulations require certain owners or operators of
facilities that store or otherwise handle oil, such as the
Company, to prepare and implement spill prevention control
plans, countermeasure plans and facility response plans relating
to the possible discharge of oil into surface waters. The Oil
Pollution Act of 1990 OPA amends certain
provisions of the federal Water Pollution Control Act of 1972,
commonly referred to as the Clean Water Act CWA,
and other statutes as they pertain to the prevention of and
response to oil spills into navigable waters of the U.S. The OPA
subjects owners of facilities to strict, joint and several
liability for all containment and cleanup costs and certain
other damages arising from a spill, including, but not limited
to, the costs of responding to a release of oil to surface
waters. The CWA provides penalties for any discharges of
petroleum products in reportable quantities and imposes
substantial liability for the costs of removing a spill. OPA
requires responsible parties to establish and maintain evidence
of financial responsibility to cover removal costs and damages
resulting from an oil spill. OPA calls for a financial
responsibility of $35million to cover pollution cleanup
for offshore facilities. State laws for the control of water
pollution also provide varying civil and criminal penalties and
liabilities in the case of releases of petroleum or its
derivatives into surface waters or into the ground. The Company
does not believe that the OPA, CWA or related state laws are any
more burdensome to it than they are to other similarly situated
oil and gas companies.   Many states in which the Company operates regulate naturally
occurring radioactive materials NORM and NORM
wastes that are generated in connection with oil and gas
exploration and production activities. NORM wastes typically
consist of very low-level radioactive substances that become
concentrated in pipes and production equipment. Certain state
regulations require the testing of pipes and production
equipment for the presence of NORM, the licensing of
NORM-contaminated facilities and the careful handling and
disposal of NORM wastes. The Company believes the regulation of
NORM has minimal effect on its operations because the Company
generates only small quantities of NORM on an annual basis.   The Companys field operations in the U.S. involve the use
of gas-fired compressors, which are subject to the federal Clean
Air Act and analogous state laws governing the control and
permitting of air emissions. The Company believes that it is in
substantial compliance with applicable permitting and control
technology requirements of such laws and regulations; however,
in the future, additional facilities could become subject to
additional permitting, monitoring and pollution control
requirements as compressor facilities are expanded.   The Companys operations outside of the U.S. are
potentially subject to similar foreign governmental controls
relating to protection of the environment. The Company believes
that compliance with existing requirements of these foreign
governmental bodies has not had a material adverse effect on the
Companys operations.   
ITEM1A.
RISK
FACTORS   The nature of the business activities conducted by the Company
subjects it to certain hazards and risks. The following is a
summary of some of the material risks relating to the
Companys business activities. Other risks are   
10 Table of Contents   described in Item1.
BusinessCompetition, Markets and
Regulations and Item7A. Quantitative and
Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. If any of these
risks actually occur, they could materially harm the
Companys business, financial condition or results of
operations and impair Pioneers ability to implement
business plans or complete development projects as scheduled. In
that case, the market price of the Companys common stock
could decline.   Commodity prices.The Companys
revenues, profitability, cash flow and future rate of growth are
highly dependent on oil and gas prices, which are affected by
numerous factors beyond the Companys control.
Historically, oil and gas prices have been very volatile. A
significant downward trend in commodity prices would have a
material adverse effect on the Companys revenues,
profitability and cash flow and could, under certain
circumstances, result in a reduction in the carrying value of
the Companys oil and gas properties and goodwill and the
recognition of deferred tax asset valuation allowances or an
increase to the Companys deferred tax asset valuation
allowances, depending on the Companys tax attributes in
each country in which it has activities. Pioneer makes price
assumptions that are used for planning purposes, and a
significant portion of the Companys operating expenses,
including rent, salaries and noncancellable capital commitments,
is largely fixed in nature. Accordingly, if commodity prices are
below expectations, Pioneers financial results are likely
to be adversely and disproportionately affected because these
expenses are not variable in the short term and cannot be
quickly reduced to respond to unanticipated decreases in
commodity prices.   Drilling activities.Drilling involves
numerous risks, including the risk that no commercially
productive oil or gas reservoirs will be encountered. The cost
of drilling, completing and operating wells is often uncertain
and drilling operations may be curtailed, delayed or canceled as
a result of a variety of factors, including unexpected drilling
conditions, pressure or irregularities in formations, equipment
failures or accidents, adverse weather conditions and shortages
or delays in the delivery of equipment. The Companys
future drilling activities may not be successful and, if
unsuccessful, such failure could have an adverse effect on the
Companys future results of operations and financial
condition. While all drilling, whether developmental or
exploratory, involves these risks, exploratory drilling involves
greater risks of dry holes or failure to find commercial
quantities of hydrocarbons. The Company expects that it will
continue to experience exploration and abandonment expense in
2006 even though less than 20percent of the Companys
2006 capital budget is devoted to higher-risk exploratory
projects. Increased levels of drilling activity in the oil and
gas industry in recent periods have led to reduced availability,
extended delivery times and increased costs of some drilling
equipment, materials and supplies. The Company expects that
these trends will continue in the foreseeable future and, if so,
will impact the Companys profitability, cash flow and
ability to complete development projects as scheduled.   Unproved properties.At
December31, 2005, the Company carried unproved property
costs of $3139million. GAAP requires periodic evaluation
of these costs on a
project-by-project
basis in comparison to their estimated fair value. These
evaluations will be affected by the results of exploration
activities, commodity price outlooks, planned future sales or
expiration of all or a portion of the leases, contracts and
permits appurtenant to such projects. If the quantity of
potential reserves determined by such evaluations is not
sufficient to fully recover the cost invested in each project,
the Company will recognize noncash charges in the earnings of
future periods.   Acquisitions.Acquisitions of producing
oil and gas properties have been a key element of the
Companys growth. The Companys growth following the
full development of its existing property base could be impeded
if it is unable to acquire additional oil and gas reserves on a
profitable basis. The success of any acquisition will depend on
a number of factors, including the ability to estimate
accurately the costs to develop the reserves, the recoverable
volumes of reserves, rates of future production and future net
revenues attainable from the reserves and the assessment of
possible environmental liabilities. All of these factors affect
whether an acquisition will ultimately generate cash flows
sufficient to provide a suitable return on investment. Even
though the Company performs a review of the properties it seeks
to acquire that it believes is consistent with industry
practices, such reviews are often limited in scope.   
11 Table of Contents   Divestitures.The Company regularly
reviews its property base for the purpose of identifying
nonstrategic assets, the disposition of which would increase
capital resources available for other activities and create
organizational and operational efficiencies. Various factors
could materially affect the ability of the Company to dispose of
nonstrategic assets, including the availability of purchasers
willing to purchase the nonstrategic assets at prices acceptable
to the Company.   Operation of gas processing plants.As
of December31, 2005, the Company owned interests in 12 gas
processing plants and three treating facilities. The Company
operates eight of the plants and all three treating facilities.
There are significant risks associated with the operation of gas
processing plants. For example, in May 2005, the Companys
Fain gas plant was shut in for two months due to a mechanical
failure that resulted in a fire. Gas and NGLs are volatile and
explosive and may include carcinogens. Damage to or misoperation
of a gas processing plant or facility could result in an
explosion or the discharge of toxic gases, which could result in
significant damage claims in addition to interrupting a revenue
source.   Operating hazards and uninsured
losses.The Companys operations are
subject to all the risks normally incident to the oil and gas
exploration and production business, including blowouts,
cratering, explosions, adverse weather effects and pollution and
other environmental damage, any of which could result in
substantial losses to the Company due to injury or loss of life,
damage to or destruction of wells, production facilities or
other property,
clean-up
responsibilities, regulatory investigations and penalties and
suspension of operations. Increased hurricane activity over the
past two years has resulted in production curtailments and
physical damage to the Companys Gulf of Mexico operations.
Although the Company currently maintains insurance coverage that
it considers reasonable and that is similar to that maintained
by comparable companies in the oil and gas industry, it is not
fully insured against certain of these risks, either because
such insurance is not available or because of the high premium
costs and deductibles associated with obtaining such insurance.   Environmental.The oil and gas business
is subject to environmental hazards, such as oil spills,
produced water spills, gas leaks and ruptures and discharges of
substances or gases that could expose the Company to substantial
liability due to pollution and other environmental damage. A
variety of United States federal, state and local, as well as
foreign laws and regulations govern the environmental aspects of
the oil and gas business. Noncompliance with these laws and
regulations may subject the Company to administrative, civil, or
criminal penalties, remedial cleanups, and natural resource
damages or other liabilities and compliance may increase the
cost of the Companys operations. Such laws and regulations
may also affect the costs of acquisitions. See
Item1. BusinessCompetition,
Markets and RegulationsEnvironmental and
health controls above for additional discussion related to
environmental risks.   The Company does not believe that its environmental risks are
materially different from those of comparable companies in the
oil and gas industry. Nevertheless, no assurance can be given
that future environmental laws will not result in a curtailment
of production or processing activities, result in a material
increase in the costs of production, development, exploration or
processing operations or adversely affect the Companys
future operations and financial condition. Pollution and similar
environmental risks generally are not fully insurable.   Debt restrictions and availability.The
Company is a borrower under fixed rate senior notes and a
variable rate credit facility. The terms of the Companys
borrowings under the senior notes and the credit facility
specify scheduled debt repayments and require the Company to
comply with certain associated covenants and restrictions. The
Companys ability to comply with the debt repayment terms,
associated covenants and restrictions is dependent on, among
other things, factors outside the Companys direct control,
such as commodity prices and interest rates. See NoteF of
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in
Item8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data for information regarding the Companys
outstanding debt as of December31, 2005 and the terms
associated therewith.   The Companys ability to obtain additional financing is
also impacted by the Companys debt credit ratings and
competition for available debt financing. See Item7.
Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations for a discussion of the
Companys debt credit ratings.   Competition.The oil and gas industry
is highly competitive. The Company competes with other
companies, producers and operators for acquisitions and in the
exploration, development, production and marketing of oil and   
12 Table of Contents   gas. Some of these competitors have substantially greater
financial and other resources than the Company. See
Item1. BusinessCompetition,
Markets and Regulations above for additional discussion
regarding competition.   Government regulation.The
Companys business is regulated by a variety of federal,
state, local and foreign laws and regulations. There can be no
assurance that present or future regulations will not adversely
affect the Companys business and operations. See
Item1. BusinessCompetition,
Markets and Regulations above for additional discussion
regarding government regulation.   International operations.At
December31, 2005, approximately 14percent of the
Companys proved reserves of oil, NGLs and gas were located
outside the United States ten percent in Argentina, two percent
in Canada and two percent in Africa. The success and
profitability of international operations may be adversely
affected by risks associated with international activities,
including economic and labor conditions, political instability,
tax laws including host-country import-export, excise and
income taxes and United States taxes on foreign subsidiaries
and changes in the value of the U.S.dollar versus the
local currencies in which oil and gas producing activities may
be denominated. To the extent that the Company is involved in
international activities, changes in exchange rates may
adversely affect the Companys future results of operations
and financial condition. See Critical Accounting
Estimates included in Item7. Managements
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations, Qualitative Disclosures in
Item7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk and NoteB of Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements included in Item8. Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data for information specific
to Argentinas economic and political situation and other
risks associated with the Companys international
operations. The aforementioned planned sale of Argentine assets,
if completed, will significantly reduce the Companys
international operations.   Estimates of reserves and future net
revenues.Numerous uncertainties exist in
estimating quantities of proved reserves and future net revenues
therefrom. The estimates of proved reserves and related future
net revenues set forth in this Report are based on various
assumptions, which may ultimately prove to be inaccurate.   Petroleum engineering is a subjective process of estimating
underground accumulations of oil and gas that cannot be measured
in an exact manner. Estimates of economically recoverable oil
and gas reserves and of future net cash flows depend upon a
number of variable factors and assumptions, including the
following   
historical production from the area compared with production
from other producing areas   
the quality and quantity of available data   
the interpretation of that data   
the assumed effects of regulations by governmental agencies   
assumptions concerning future oil and gas pricesand   
assumptions concerning future operating costs, severance, ad
valorem and excise taxes, development costs and workover and
remedial costs.   Because all reserve estimates are to some degree subjective,
each of the following items may differ materially from those
assumed in estimating reserves   
the quantities of oil and gas that are ultimately recovered   
the production and operating costs incurred   
the amount and timing of future development expendituresand   
future oil and gas sales prices.   Furthermore, different reserve engineers may make different
estimates of reserves and cash flows based on the same available
data. The Companys actual production, revenues and
expenditures with respect to reserves will likely be different
from estimates and the differences may be material.   
13 Table of Contents   As required by the SEC, the estimated discounted future net cash
flows from proved reserves are generally based on prices and
costs as of the date of the estimate, while actual future prices
and costs may be materially higher or lower. Actual future net
cash flows also will be affected by factors such as   
the amount and timing of actual production   
increases or decreases in the supply or demand of oil and
gasand   
changes in governmental regulations or taxation.   The Company reports all proved reserves held under production
sharing arrangements and concessions utilizing the
economic interest method, which excludes the host
countrys share of proved reserves. Estimated quantities of
production sharing arrangements reported under the
economic interest method are subject to fluctuations
in the price of oil and gas and recoverable operating expenses
and capital costs. If costs remain stable, reserve quantities
attributable to recovery of costs will change inversely to
changes in commodity prices.   Standardized Measure is a reporting convention that provides a
common basis for comparing oil and gas companies subject to the
rules and regulations of the SEC. It requires the use of oil and
gas prices, as well as operating and development costs,
prevailing as of the date of computation. Consequently, it may
not reflect the prices ordinarily received or that will be
received for oil and gas production because of seasonal price
fluctuations or other varying market conditions, nor may it
reflect the actual costs that will be required to produce or
develop the oil and gas properties. Accordingly, estimates
included herein of future net revenues may be materially
different from the net revenues that are ultimately received.
Therefore, the estimates of discounted future net cash flows or
Standardized Measure in this Report should not be construed as
accurate estimates of the current market value of the
Companys proved reserves.   Stock repurchases.During 2005, the
Company repurchased 20million shares of its common stock,
and announced its intention to repurchase up to an additional
$350million of its common stock, subject to completion of
the planned divestiture of its deepwater Gulf of Mexico and
Argentine assets. The Board sets limits on the price per share
at which Pioneers common stock can be repurchased, and the
Company will not be permitted to repurchase its stock during
certain periods because of scheduled and unscheduled trading
blackouts. Additionally, business conditions and availability of
capital may dictate that repurchases be suspended or cancelled.
As a result, there can be no assurance that additional
repurchases will be commenced and, if so, that they will be
completed.   Commodity hedges.To the extent that
the Company engages in hedging activities to reduce commodity
price risk, Pioneer may be prevented from realizing the benefits
of price increases above the levels of the hedges. See
Item1A.
Risk Factors
10
Item1B.
Unresolved Staff
Comments
14
Item2.
Properties
14
Proved Reserves
15
Description of
Properties
17
Selected Oil and
Gas Information
23
Item3.
Legal
Proceedings
31
Item4.
PROPERTIES   The information included in this Report about the Companys
oil, NGL and gas reserves as of December31, 2005, 2004 and
2003, which are located in the United States, Argentina, Canada,
South Africa and Tunisia, were based on evaluations prepared by
the Companys engineers and audited by Netherland,
Sewell Associates, Inc. NSAI with
respect to the Companys major properties and prepared by
the Companys engineers with respect to all other
properties. The reserve audits performed by NSAI in aggregate
represented 82percent, 88percent and 87percent
of the Companys 2005, 2004 and 2003 proved reserves,
respectively; and, 76percent, 84percent and
89percent of the Companys 2005, 2004 and 2003
associated present value of proved reserves discounted at ten
percent, respectively.   NSAI follows the general principles set forth in the standards
pertaining to the estimating and auditing of oil and gas reserve
information promulgated by the Society of Petroleum Engineers
SPE. A reserve audit as defined   
14 Table of Contents   by the SPE is not the same as a financial audit. The SPEs
definition of a reserve audit includes the following concepts   
A reserve audit is an examination of reserve information that is
conducted for the purpose of expressing an opinion as to whether
such reserve information, in the aggregate, is reasonable and
has been presented in conformity with generally accepted
petroleum engineering and evaluation principles.   
The estimation of proved reserves is an imprecise science due to
the many unknown geologic and reservoir factors that cannot be
estimated through sampling techniques. Since reserves are only
estimates, they cannot be audited for the purpose of verifying
exactness. Instead, reserve information is audited for the
purpose of reviewing in sufficient detail the policies,
procedures and methods used by a company in estimating its
reserves so that the reserve auditors may express an opinion as
to whether, in the aggregate, the reserve information furnished
by a company is reasonable and has been estimated and presented
in conformity with generally accepted petroleum engineering and
evaluation principles.   
The methods and procedures used by a company, and the reserve
information furnished by a company, must be reviewed in
sufficient detail to permit the reserve auditor, in its
professional judgment, to express an opinion as to the
reasonableness of the reserve information. The auditing
procedures require the reserve auditor to prepare its own
estimates of reserve information for the audited properties.   To further clarify, in conjunction with the audits of the
Companys proved reserves and associated present value
discounted at ten percent, the Company provided to NSAI its
external and internal engineering and geoscience technical data
and analyses. Based on NSAIs review of that data, they had
the option of honoring the Companys interpretation, or
making their own interpretation. No data was withheld from them.
NSAI accepted without independent verification the accuracy and
completeness of the historical information and data furnished by
the Company with respect to ownership interest; oil and gas
production; well test data; oil, NGL and gas prices; operating
and development costs; and any agreements relating to current
and future operations of the properties and sales of production.
However, if in the course of their evaluation something came to
their attention which brought into question the validity or
sufficiency of any such information or data, NSAI did not rely
on such information or data until they had satisfactorily
resolved their questions relating thereto or had independently
verified such information or data.   In the course of their evaluations, NSAI prepared, for all of
the audited properties, their own estimates of the
Companys proved reserves and present value of such
reserves discounted at ten percent. NSAIs estimates of
those proved reserves and present value of such reserves
discounted at ten percent did not differ from the Companys
estimates by more than ten percent in the aggregate. However,
when compared on a
field-by-field
or
area-by-area
basis, some of the Companys estimates were greater than
those of NSAI and some were less than the estimates of NSAI.
When such differences do not exceed ten percent in the aggregate
and NSAI is satisfied that the proved reserves and present value
of such reserves discounted at ten percent are reasonable and
that their audit objectives have been met, NSAI will issue a
completed unqualified audit opinion. Remaining differences are
not resolved due to the limited cost benefit of continuing such
analyses by the Company and NSAI. At the conclusion of the audit
process, it is NSAIs opinion, as set forth in its audit
letters, that Pioneers estimates of the Companys
proved oil and gas reserves and associated future net revenues
are, in the aggregate, reasonable and have been prepared in
accordance with generally accepted petroleum engineering and
evaluation principles.   The Company did not provide estimates of total proved oil and
gas reserves during 2005, 2004 or 2003 to any federal authority
or agency, other than the SEC. The Companys reserve
estimates do not include any probable or possible reserves.   Proved
Reserves   The Companys proved reserves totaled 9867MMBOE,
10billion BOE and 7891MMBOE at December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively, representing
$73billion, $66billion and $46billion,
respectively, of Standardized Measure. The Companys proved
reserves include field fuel which is gas consumed to operate
field equipment primarily compressors prior to the gas being
delivered to a sales point. The following table shows   
15 Table of Contents   the changes in the Companys proved reserve volumes by
geographic area during the year ended December31, 2005 in
MBOE   	
Discoveries and
Production   Extensions   Acquisitions   Divestitures   Revisions   Total   United States
49,210     17,494   79,663   37,964     29,049     19,066     Argentina
11,874     7,602        20,881     25,153     Canada
2,922     9,840   49   9,947     3,082   102   Africa
3,674     12,109        184   8,619   Total
67,680     47,045   79,712   47,911     46,664     35,498     Production.Production volumes include
a2,409 MBOE of field fuel and b1,188 MBOE of
production associated with certain divested assets being
presented as discontinued operations.   Discoveries and extensions.Discoveries
and extensions are primarily the result of adrilling
activity in the Raton Basin in the United States, Horseshoe
Canyon and Chinchaga fields in Canada and the Neuquen Basin in
Argentina and bthe approval to begin development of the
gas reserves, previously discovered, off the south coast of
South Africa.   Acquisitions.Acquisition volumes are
primarily attributable to the aJuly 2005 announced
completion of the acquisition of 70MBOE of proved reserves
in the Spraberry field and Gulf Coast area and bother
smaller acquisitions.   Divestitures.The divestitures are
primarily attributable to athe sale of approximately
28MMBOE of proved reserves in the Spraberry and Hugoton
fields through three VPPs, bthe sale of approximately
10MMBOE of proved reserves in properties on the shelf of
the Gulf of Mexico and East Texas and cthe sale of
approximately 10MMBOE of proved reserves in the Martin
Creek and Conroy Black areas of northeast British Columbia and
the Lookout Butte area of southern Alberta.   Revisions.The overall downward
revisions are primarily attributable to athe recent
drilling results in the deep gas reserves in the Neuquen Basin
of Argentina which indicated that the gas reservoirs are more
complex and compartmentalized than expected, and
badditional production decline history on producing
wells and unexpected drilling results in certain areas of the
field in the Raton Basin in the United States where a number of
wells drilled on the northern rim of the field during the second
half of 2005 encountered less CBM reservoir than expected due to
nonproductive volcanic intrusions into the coal interval. The
downward revisions were offset by increased commodity prices
that extended the economic life on various properties.   On a BOE basis, 62percent of the Companys total
proved reserves at December31, 2005 were proved developed
reserves. Based on reserve information as of December31,
2005, and using the Companys production information for
the year then ended, the
reserve-to-production
ratio associated with the Companys proved reserves was
15years on a BOE basis. The following table provides
information regarding the Companys proved reserves and
average daily sales volumes by geographic area as of and for the
year ended December31, 2005   	
2005 Average Daily
Proved Reserves as of
December31, 2005a   Sales Volumesb   Oil
Oil
NGLs
Gas
Standardized
NGLs
Gas
MBbls   MMcf   MBOE   Measure   Bbls   Mcf   BOE   In thousands   United States
385,771   2,750,856   844,247     6,078,764   43,345   497,068   126,191   Argentina
34,024   404,323   101,411   807,897   c   9,693   137,032   32,531   Canada
2,423   130,514   24,175   254,067   713   36,427   6,784   Africa
6,824   60,395   16,890   156,169   10,065     10,065   Total
429,042   3,346,088   986,723     7,296,897   63,816   670,527   175,571   
a 
The gas reserves contain 306MMcf of gas that will be
produced and utilized as field fuel.   
16 Table of Contents   
b 
The 2005 average daily sales volumes are from continuing
operations and ido not include the field fuel produced,
which averaged 6,599BOEPD and iiwere calculated
using a
365-day year
and without making pro forma adjustments for any acquisitions,
divestitures or drilling activity that occurred during the year.   
c 
Assuming the Argentine export tax on oil remains in place after
the expiration date of the law in February 2007 the standardized
measure of discounted future cash flows for Argentina would be
approximately $633million at December31, 2005.   The following table represents the estimated timing and cash
flows of developing the Companys proved undeveloped
reserves as of December31, 2005   	
Estimated
Future
Future
Future
Future
Production
Cash
Production
Development
Future Net
Year Ended
December31   MBOE   Inflows   Costs   Costs   Cash Flows   $ in thousands   2006
5,694     204,592     26,656     666,238     488,302     2007
15,552   603,300   78,878   502,221   22,201   2008
19,470   740,419   101,040   375,092   264,287   2009
21,306   825,809   119,378   208,685   497,746   2010
21,652   862,436   130,472   212,670   519,294   Thereafter
287,562   13,008,489   3,408,631   729,274   8,870,584   371,236     16,245,045     3,865,055     2,694,180     9,685,810   Description
of Properties   As of December31, 2005, the Company has production,
development
and/or
exploration operations in the United States, Argentina, Canada,
Equatorial Guinea, Nigeria, South Africa and Tunisia.   United
States   Approximately 78percent of the Companys proved
reserves at December31, 2005 is located in the Spraberry
field in the Permian Basin area, the Hugoton and West Panhandle
fields of the Mid-Continent area and the Raton field in the
Rocky Mountain area. These fields generate substantial operating
cash flow and the Spraberry and Raton fields have a large
portfolio of low risk drilling opportunities. The cash flows
generated from these fields provide funding for the
Companys other development and exploration activities both
domestically and internationally. The Company has preliminarily
budgeted approximately $900million to $10billion
for exploration and development drilling expenditures for 2006.   The following tables summarize the Companys development
and exploration/extension drilling activities during 2005   	
Development Drilling   Beginning Wells
Wells
Successful
Unsuccessful
Ending Wells
in Progress   Spud   Wells   Wells   In Progress   Spraberry field
13   181   170   1   23   Hugoton field
1   18   18   1     West Panhandle field
11   42   50   3     Raton field
262   262        Other
7   38   37   2   6   Total United States
32   541   537   7   29   
17 Table of Contents   	
Exploration/Extension
Drilling   Beginning Wells
Wells
Successful
Unsuccessful
Ending Wells
in Progress   Spud   Wells   Wells   In Progress   Raton field
27   26     1   Other
9   18   14   7   6   Total United States
9   45   40   7   7   The following table summarizes by geographic area the
Companys costs incurred, excluding asset retirement
obligations, during 2005 and the total wells preliminarily
planned to be drilled during 2006   	
Property
2006
Acquisition Costs   Exploration
Development
Wells
Proved   Unproved   Costs   Costs   Total   Planned   In thousands   United States:
Permian Basin
145,244     2,520     1,236     130,308     279,308   365   Mid-Continent
163     34   40,808   41,005   28   Rocky Mountain
20,050   13,207   132,876   166,133   379   Gulf of Mexico
12,374   150,305   94,552   257,231   4   a   Onshore Gulf Coast
22,407   26,390   8,871   44,412   102,080   35   Alaska
773     44,070   5,427   48,724   3   Total United States
167,814     60,561     217,723     448,383     894,481   814   
a 
Includes two sidetrack wells proposed by the operator in the
Aconcagua field and two delineation wells planned on the Clipper
discovery.   Permian
Basin   Spraberry field.The Spraberry field
was discovered in 1949 and encompasses eight counties in West
Texas. The field is approximately 150miles long and
75miles wide at its widest point. The oil produced is West
Texas Intermediate Sweet, and the gas produced is casinghead gas
with an average energy content of 1,400 Btu. The oil and gas are
produced primarily from three formations, the upper and lower
Spraberry and the Dean, at depths ranging from 6,700feet
to 9,200feet. Recently, the Company has begun completing
selected wells in the Wolfcamp formation at depths ranging from
9,300feet to 10,300feet with successful results. The
Company believes the area offers excellent opportunities to
enhance oil and gas production because of the numerous
undeveloped drilling locations, many of which are reflected in
the Companys proved undeveloped reserves, and the ability
to contain operating expenses through economies of scale.   Mid-Continent   Hugoton field.The Hugoton field in
southwest Kansas is one of the largest producing gas fields in
the continental United States. The gas is produced from the
Chase and Council Grove formations at depths ranging from
2,700feet to 3,000feet. The Companys gas in
the Hugoton field has an average energy content of 1,025 Btu.
The Companys Hugoton properties are located on
approximately 257,000gross acres 237,000net acres,
covering approximately 400square miles. The Company has
working interests in approximately 1,200wells in the
Hugoton field, about 1,000 of which it operates, and partial
royalty interests in approximately 500wells. The Company
owns substantially all of the gathering and processing
facilities, primarily the Satanta plant, that service its
production from the Hugoton field. Such ownership allows the
Company to control the production, gathering, processing and
sale of its gas and NGL production.   The Companys Hugoton operated wells are capable of
producing approximately 74MMcf of wet gas per day i.e.,
gas production at the wellhead before processing or field fuel
use and before reduction for royalties, although actual
production in the Hugoton field is limited by allowables set by
state regulators. The Company estimates that it   18 Table of Contents   and other major producers in the Hugoton field produced near
allowable capacity during the year ended December31, 2005.   West Panhandle field.The West
Panhandle properties are located in the panhandle region of
Texas. These stable, long-lived reserves are attributable to the
Red Cave, Brown Dolomite, Granite Wash and fractured Granite
formations at depths no greater than 3,500feet. The
Companys gas in the West Panhandle field has an average
energy content of 1,300 Btu and is produced from approximately
600wells on more than 250,000gross acres covering
over 375square miles. The Company controls
100percent of the wells, production equipment, gathering
system and gas processing plant for the field.   Rocky
Mountains   Raton field.The Raton Basin properties
are located in the southeast portion of Colorado. Exploration
for CBM in the Raton Basin began in the late 1970s and continued
through the late 1980s, with several companies drilling and
testing more than 100wells during this period. The absence
of a pipeline to transport gas from the Raton Basin prevented
full scale development until January 1995, when Colorado
Interstate Gas Company completed the construction of the
Picketwire lateral pipeline system. The Companys gas in
the Raton Basin has an average energy content of 1,000 Btu.
Since the completion of the Picketwire lateral, production has
continued to grow, resulting in expansion of the systems
capacity by its operator, the most recent expansion of which was
in October 2005. The Company owns approximately
385,000gross acres in the center of the Raton Basin with
current production from coal seams of the Vermejo and Raton
formations.   Piceance/Uinta Basins.The Piceance
Basin is located in the central portion of western Colorado, and
the Uinta Basin is located in the central portion of eastern
Utah. The Company owns approximately 115,000acres covering
producing and prospective regions of the Piceance and Uinta
Basins. Currently, production is established from various tight
sandstone, coal and shale formations.   Sand Wash Basin.The Sand Wash Basin is
the site of a potential CBM project located north of the
Companys Piceance Basin properties. The Company holds a
50percent operated interest in 114,000 gross acres in the
Lay Creek field. In 2006, the Company plans to irefrac
the wells drilled by the previous owner in two existing pilots,
specifically targeting coal seams to reduce water handling and
iidrill an additional two or three pilot programs to
evaluate the potential of the project.   Gulf of
Mexico   Gulf of Mexico area.In the Gulf of
Mexico, the Company has focused on reserve and production growth
by drilling its portfolio of shelf and deepwater development
projects, high-impact, higher-risk shelf and deepwater
exploration prospects and exploitation opportunities inherent in
the properties the Company currently has producing on the shelf.   During September 2005, the Company announced its plans to pursue
the divestment of its deepwater Gulf of Mexico assets to reduce
the exploration risk and production volatility that have been
associated with these assets. The deepwater Gulf of Mexico bid
process has been completed and the Company is currently in
negotiations for the sale of these assets. No assurance can be
given that a sale can be completed on terms acceptable to the
Company. However, if successfully completed, such a divestiture
would remove the deepwater Gulf of Mexico from the
Companys portfolio of oil and gas activities.   During 2005, the Company had five significant projects in the
deepwater Gulf of Mexico, which are discussed below   
Canyon ExpressThe Canyon Express
project is a joint development of three deepwater Gulf of Mexico
gas discoveries, including the Companys Total EP
USA-operated Aconcagua field and Marathon-operated Camden Hills
fields, where the Company holds 375percent and
333percent working interests, respectively. The Company
participated in the discovery of the Aconcagua gas field in 1999
and later added Camden Hills to its portfolio to enhance its
ownership in the project. The Canyon Express project was
approved for development in June 2000 and reached first
production in September 2002. The existing Aconcagua and Camden
Hills wells are expected to reach the end of their productive
lives in early   
19 Table of Contents   
2006; therefore, the Company now anticipates that the system
will be shut in once the recoverable reserves are fully produced
until a rig becomes available to drill sidetrack wells in the
Aconcagua field. The Company has been advised by the operator of
the Canyon Express system that sidetrack operations are planned
for the Aconcagua field in late 2006.   
Falcon CorridorThe Falcon Corridor
project started with the Companys Falcon field discovery
during 2001, followed by the 2003 Harrier, Raptor and Tomahawk
discoveries. The Company owns a 100percent working
interest in the Falcon Corridor discoveries and surrounding
areas. First production from Falcon occurred in March 2003,
followed by production from Harrier, Raptor and Tomahawk in
2004. During 2005, the Harrier, Raptor and Tomahawk fields were
fully depleted.   
Devils Tower AreaThe Dominion-operated
Devils Tower development project was sanctioned in 2001 as a
spar development project with the owners leasing a spar from a
third party for the life of the field. The spar has slots for
eight dry tree wells and up to four subsea tie-back risers and
is capable of handling 60MBbls of oil per day and
60MMcf of gas per day. Devils Tower production operations
were initiated in 2004 prior to being shut in due to Hurricane
Ivan. Production was resumed in November 2004. In addition to
the Devils Tower wells, three subsea tie-back wells in the
Goldfinger and Triton satellite discoveries in the Devils Tower
area were jointly tied back to the Devils Tower spar in November
of 2005. The Company holds a 25percent working interest in
each of these projects.   
Thunder HawkThe Murphy Exploration and
Production Company-operated Thunder Hawk discovery in 2004
encountered in excess of 300feet of net oil pay in two
high-quality reservoir zones in Mississippi Canyon
Block734. The third appraisal well was spudded during the
fourth quarter of 2005 and plans to complete the drilling of the
previously spudded second well, which was temporarily suspended
due to weather. These wells are expected to be completed during
the first half of 2006. The Company owns a 125percent
working interest in this discovery.   
ClipperDuring the fourth quarter of
2005, the Company announced a discovery on its Clipper prospect
in the Green Canyon Block 299. The Company plans additional
drilling during 2006 to further delineate the field. The Company
operates the block with a 55percent working interest.   Onshore
Gulf Coast   South Texas.The Company has focused
its drilling efforts in this area on the Pawnee field in the
Edwards Reef trend in South Texas. The Edwards Reef trend is a
tight gas limestone reservoir characterized by narrow bands of
dry gas fields extending over 250miles. In addition to the
Pawnee field, the Company has operations in the SW Kenedy and
Washburn fields of the Edwards Reef trend and a growing acreage
position with over 160,000acres acquired during the past
year. Production depths in the trend range from 9,500feet
to 14,000feet, from which over 1trillion cubic feet
of gas has been produced by the oil and gas industry. The
Company drilled its first successful exploration well in the
recently acquired acreage in the Edwards Reef trend in late 2005
and is currently producing approximately 13MMcf of gas
per day from the discovery. Pioneers current plans include
drilling at least 20wells in the Edwards Reef trend during
2006, leveraging the Companys horizontal drilling
expertise.   Northern Louisiana and Mississippi.The
Company has acquired significant acreage in Northern Louisiana
and Mississippi. During 2006, the Company is planning
exploratory tests in the Hosston/Cotton Valley trend in Northern
Louisiana and a Norphlet prospect in Mississippi.   Alaska   North Slope area.During 2002, the
Company acquired a 70percent working interest and
operatorship in ten state leases on Alaskas North Slope.
Associated therewith, the Company drilled three exploratory
wells during 2003 to test a possible extension of the productive
sands in the Kuparuk River field in the shallow waters offshore.
Although all three of the wells found the sands filled with oil,
they were too thin to be considered commercial on a stand-alone
basis. However, the wells also encountered thick sections of
oil-bearing Jurassic-aged sands, and the first well flowed at a
rate of approximately 1,300Bbls per day BPD.
In January 2004, the Company farmed-into a large acreage block
to the southwest of the Companys discovery. In the fourth
quarter of 2004, Pioneer completed   
20 Table of Contents   an extensive technical and economic evaluation of the resource
potential within this area. As a result of this evaluation, the
Company performed front-end engineering and permitting
activities during 2005 to further define the scope of the
project. In February 2006, the Company announced that it has
approved and is commencing the development of the Oooguruk field
in the project area. Following the construction of a gravel
drilling and production site in 2006, installation of a subsea
flowline and facilities are planned for 2007 to carry produced
liquids to existing onshore processing facilities at the Kuparuk
River Unit. Between 2007 and 2009, Pioneer plans to drill
approximately 40horizontal wells in the Oooguruk field.
Total gross capital invested, including projected drilling and
facility costs, is expected to range from $450million to
$525million. First production from these wells is expected
to begin in 2008.   During the first quarter of 2006, Pioneer anticipates drilling
two exploration wells as operator, one with a 50percent
working interest in the Storms area, and a second, under a
farm-in agreement with ConocoPhillips, with a 90percent
working interest on the Cronus prospect. Under another farm-in
agreement with ConocoPhillips, Pioneer plans to participate with
a 325percent working interest in a third exploration well
to be drilled on ConocoPhillips Antigua prospect.   Cosmopolitan.During 2005, Pioneer
announced that it entered into an agreement on the Cosmopolitan
Unit in the Cook Inlet. Under this agreement, Pioneer earned a
ten percent working interest in the unit from ConocoPhillips
through a disproportionate spending arrangement for a
3-D seismic
program undertaken during the fourth quarter of 2005. Pursuant
to this agreement, Pioneer has the option to acquire an
additional 40percent interest in the Cosmopolitan Unit any
time prior to June1, 2006. Upon evaluation of the results
of the aforementioned
3-D seismic
program, Pioneer will determine whether or not to exercise this
option.   International   The Companys international operations are located in the
Neuquen and Austral Basins areas of Argentina, the Chinchaga and
Horseshoe Canyon areas of Canada, the Sable oil field offshore
South Africa and in southern Tunisia. Additionally, the Company
has other development and exploration activities in the shallow
waters offshore South Africa and oil development and exploration
activities in Equatorial Guinea, Nigeria and Tunisia. As of
December31, 2005, approximately ten percent, two percent
and two percent of the Companys proved reserves were
located in Argentina, Canada and Africa, respectively.   The following tables summarize the Companys development
and exploration/extension drilling activities outside the United
States during 2005   	
Development Drilling   Beginning Wells
Wells
Successful
Unsuccessful
Ending Wells
in Progress   Spud   Wells   Wells   In Progress   Argentina
6   65   65   4   2   Canada
3   27   27     3   Total International
9   92   92   4   5   	
Exploration/Extension
Drilling   Beginning Wells
Wells
Successful
Unsuccessful
Ending Wells
in Progress   Spud   Wells   Wells   In Progress   Argentina
8   29   19   14   4   Canada
21   182   87   7   109   Nigeria
1     1     South Africa
2     1     1   Tunisia
2   4   2   2   2   Total International
33   216   109   24   116   
21 Table of Contents   The following table summarizes by geographic area the
Companys international costs incurred, excluding asset
retirement obligations, during 2005 and the total wells
preliminarily planned to be drilled during 2006   	
Property
2006
Acquisition Costs   Exploration
Development
Wells
Proved   Unproved   Costs   Costs   Total   Planned   In thousands   Argentina
512     36,878     85,786     123,176     Canada
2,593   7,344   43,437   77,962   131,336   298   Africa:
Equatorial Guinea
3,395     3,395   1   Nigeria
30,663   34,134     64,797   1   South Africa
260   755   13,638   14,653   4   Tunisia
18,395   2,847   21,242   9   Other
6,926   292   7,218     Total International
2,593     38,779     143,920     180,525     365,817   313   Argentina.The Companys operated
production in Argentina is concentrated in the Neuquen Basin,
which is located about 925miles southwest of Buenos Aires
and to the east of the Andes Mountains. Oil and gas are produced
primarily from the Al Norte de la Dorsal, the Al Sur de la
Dorsal, the Dadin, the Loma Negra, the Dos Hermanas, the
Anticlinal Campamento and the Estacin Fernndez Oro
blocks, in each of which the Company has a 100percent
working interest. Most of the gas produced from these blocks is
processed in the Companys Loma Negra gas processing plant.
The Company operates the Meseta Sirven block located in the
southern part of the SanJorge basin in Santa Cruz
Province, approximately 1,200miles south of Buenos Aires.
The production from this block, in which the Company has a
100percent working interest, is primarily oil. The Company
also operates and has a 50percent working interest in the
Lago Fuego field, which is located in Tierra del Fuego, an
island in the extreme southern portion of Argentina,
approximately 1,500miles south of Buenos Aires.   Most of the Companys nonoperated production in Argentina
is located in Tierra del Fuego, the most southern province in
Argentina, where oil, gas and NGLs are produced from six
separate fields in which the Company has a 35percent
working interest. The Company also has a 144percent
working interest in the Confluencia field which is located in
the Neuquen Basin.   During September 2005, the Company announced that it would
pursue the sale of its nonoperated position in Tierra del Fuego.
During the Tierra del Fuego sales process, several prospective
buyers indicated that they could enhance their value for a
transaction in Argentina if it included all of Pioneers
properties. The Company decided that if a buyer presented an
attractive offer for all of the Argentine assets, that it would
consider exiting Argentina. On January17, 2006, the
Company announced signing an agreement with Apache Corporation
to sell all of the Companys interests in Argentina for
$675million subject to normal closing adjustments. The
transaction is expected to close during the latter part of the
first quarter or in early April of 2006.   Canada.The Companys Canadian
producing properties are located primarily in Alberta and
British Columbia, Canada. In May 2005, the Company sold its
ownership interests in the Martin Creek and Conroy Black areas
of northeast British Columbia and the Lookout Butte area of
southern Alberta for net proceeds of $1972million. The
Company continues to exploit lower risk opportunities identified
in the Chinchaga field core area of northeast British Columbia.
The Company also initiated significant drilling, pipeline and
facility activities in south-central Alberta targeting Horseshoe
Canyon CBM potential on the existing land base in the greater
Drumheller area.   Production from the Chinchaga area of northeast British Columbia
is relatively dry gas from formation depths averaging
3,400feet. The greater Drumheller area in south-central
Alberta produces CBM gas, CBM condensate and minor oil from
Cretaceous to Devonian formations at depths ranging from 400 to
6,500feet. The Company has CBM gas production currently
from the Horseshoe Canyon coal and further exploitation drilling
will occur throughout the area in 2006.   
22 Table of Contents   Equatorial Guinea.The Company owns a
50percent working interest in BlockH offshore
Equatorial Guinea. The Company has identified several prospects
on the block that are being evaluated for future drilling, one
of which is expected to be drilled during 2006 or 2007.   Nigeria.A partially-owned subsidiary
of the Company joined Oranto Petroleum and Orandi Petroleum in
an existing production sharing contract on Block320 in
deepwater Nigeria gaining exploration rights from the Nigerian
National Petroleum Corporation. The subsidiary, which holds a
51percent interest in Block320, is owned
59percent by the Company and 41percent by an
unaffiliated third party. The Company acquired
3-D seismic
data in 2005, is currently processing the seismic and plans to
drill the first well in Block320 during 2007.   The Company owns a 26percent working interest in
Devon-operated Block256 offshore Nigeria. The Company
participated in an unsuccessful exploratory well on this block
during 2005 and is participating in a second exploration well
that spudded during January 2006. The timing of a third
exploration well planned for the block has not been determined.   The Company had previously announced it was awarded, through a
consortium, rights to acreage in Blocks2 and 3 of the
Joint Development Zone in offshore Nigeria, So Tom
and Prncipe subject to negotiating acceptable joint
operating and production sharing agreements. On February7,
2006, the Company announced that it was withdrawing from
participation in both blocks.   South Africa.The Company has
agreements to explore for oil and gas offshore South Africa
covering over five million acres along the southern coast in
water depths generally less than 650feet. The Sable oil
field began producing in August 2003 and the majority of the gas
from the field has been reinjected. The Company has a
40percent working interest in the Sable field.   In December 2005, the Company announced the final approvals with
its partner in the South Coast Gas project. Pioneer has a
45percent working interest in the project. The project
will include subsea tie-back of gas from the Sable field and six
additional gas accumulations to the existing production
facilities on the F-A platform for transportation via existing
pipelines to a
gas-to-liquids
GTL plant. The Company has signed a contract for
the sale of its share of gas and condensate to the GTL plant.
Production is expected to begin during the second half of 2007
and increase to an average of approximately 100MMcf per
day of gas and 3,000BPD of condensate over the initial
phase of the project through 2012. Development drilling related
to the project is expected to commence in the first quarter of
2006.   Tunisia.The Companys Tunisian
permits can be separated into three categories: ithree
permits covering 29million acres which the Company
operates with an average55percent working interest,
iithe Anadarko-operated Anaguid and Jenein Nord permits
covering over 15million acres in which the Company has a
45percent working interest and iiithe ENI-operated
Adam Concession and Borj El Khadra permit covering approximately
212,000acres and 970,000acres, respectively, in
which the Company has a 20percent and 40percent
working interest, respectively. Production from the Adam
Concession began in May 2003. All permits are onshore southern
Tunisia.   In 2005, the Company conducted an extended production test of
one of the two existing Anaguid Block exploration wells and
drilled an offset appraisal well to the other exploration well.
The results of the extended production test were unfavorable.
However, the appraisal well offsetting the second discovery
encountered gas and condensate in a similar horizon to the
initial well. The Company is currently reviewing data from the
appraisal well to determine whether development of the area is
economical.   Selected
Oil and Gas Information   The following tables set forth selected oil and gas information
from continuing operations for the Company as of and for each of
the years ended December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003. Because
of normal production declines, increased or decreased drilling
activities and the effects of acquisitions or divestitures, the
historical information presented below should not be interpreted
as being indicative of future results.   Production, price and cost data.The following
tables set forth production, price and cost data with respect to
the Companys properties for 2005, 2004 and 2003. These
amounts represent the Companys historical results from   
23 Table of Contents   continuing operations without making pro forma adjustments for
any acquisitions, divestitures or drilling activity that
occurred during the respective years. The production amounts
will not agree to the reserve volume tables in the
Unaudited Supplementary Information section included
in Item8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data due to field fuel volumes and production from
discontinued operations being included in the reserve volume
tables.   The Companys lower average prices received for its
Argentine commodities, as compared to the prices received in
other countries, are due to price limitations imposed by the
Argentine government in an effort to keep fuel and energy prices
for Argentine consumers at pre-devaluation levels. These
limitations have kept the prices received for oil and gas sales
in Argentina well below world market levels. Beginning in 2004,
the government mandated certain scheduled gas price increases
through mid-2005. Those specific increases occurred as
scheduled, but no specific predictions can be made about the
future of oil or gas prices in Argentina. See Qualitative
Disclosures in Item7A. Quantitative and
Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk for additional
discussion of Argentine foreign currency, operations and price
risk.   
24 Table of Contents   PRODUCTION,
PRICE AND COST DATA   	
Year Ended December31,
2005   United
States   Argentina   Canada   Africa   Total   Production
information   Annual sales volumes   Oil MBbls
9,469   2,872   77   3,674   16,092   NGLs MBbls
6,351   666   184     7,201   Gas MMcf
181,429   50,017   13,296     244,742   Total MBOE
46,059   11,874   2,476   3,674   64,083   Average daily sales
volumes   Oil Bbls
25,943   7,869   210   10,065   44,087   NGLs Bbls
17,402   1,824   503     19,729   Gas Mcf
497,068   137,032   36,427     670,527   Total BOE
126,191   32,531   6,784   10,065   175,571   Average prices, including hedge
results   Oil per Bbl
3109     3688     5212     5300     3722   NGLs per Bbl
3172     3317     4579          3222   Gas per Mcf
683     88     767          566   Revenue per BOE
3766     1450     4618     5300     3457   Average prices, excluding hedge
results   Oil per Bbl
5405     3688     5212     5300     5074   NGLs per Bbl
3172     3317     4579          3222   Gas per Mcf
794     88     767          649   Revenue per BOE
4678     1450     4618     5300     4114   Average costs per
BOE   Production costs   Lease operating
487     297     1294     882     507   Taxes:
Ad valorem
88          63   Production
130   23        97   Workover
36   06   189     34   Total
741     326     1483     882     701   Depletion expense     871     713     1271     796     853   
25 Table of Contents   PRODUCTION,
PRICE AND COST DATAContinued   	
Year Ended December31,
2004   United
States   Argentina   Canada   Africa   Total   Production
information   Annual sales volumes   Oil MBbls
9,041   3,123   26   4,274   16,464   NGLs MBbls
7,203   566   155     7,924   Gas MMcf
188,964   44,525   9,372     242,861   Total MBOE
47,738   11,110   1,743   4,274   64,865   Average daily sales
volumes   Oil Bbls
24,700   8,534   72   11,676   44,982   NGLs Bbls
19,678   1,546   425     21,649   Gas Mcf
516,294   121,654   25,606     663,554   Total BOE
130,428   30,356   4,764   11,676   177,224   Average prices, including hedge
results   Oil per Bbl
2969     2806     4837     3812     3160   NGLs per Bbl
2505     2991     3203          2554   Gas per Mcf
514     66     472          430   Revenue per BOE
2975     1207     2893     3812     2725   Average prices, excluding hedge
results   Oil per Bbl
3954     2982     4837     3871     3749   NGLs per Bbl
2505     2991     3203          2554   Gas per Mcf
571     66     537          478   Revenue per BOE
3389     1256     3248     3871     3051   Average costs per
BOE   Production costs   Lease operating
327     275     992     737     363   Taxes:
Ad valorem
58          43   Production
78   23        61   Workover
24   01   87     21   Total
487     299     1079     737     488   Depletion expense     862     556     1293     1119     838   26 Table of Contents   PRODUCTION,
PRICE AND COST DATAContinued   	
Year Ended December31,
2003   United
States   Argentina   Canada   Africa   Total   Production
information   Annual sales volumes   Oil MBbls
8,215   3,171   13   723   12,122   NGLs MBbls
7,411   481   173     8,065   Gas MMcf
152,560   34,357   9,774     196,691   Total MBOE
41,054   9,378   1,815   723   52,970   Average daily sales
volumes   Oil Bbls
22,509   8,687   35   1,981   33,212   NGLs Bbls
20,306   1,318   473     22,097   Gas Mcf
417,972   94,128   26,779     538,879   Total BOE
112,477   25,693   4,971   1,981   145,122   Average prices, including hedge
results   Oil per Bbl
2509     2562     2800     2952     2550   NGLs per Bbl
1903     2285     2430          1938   Gas per Mcf
445     56     465          378   Revenue per BOE
2499     1187     2756     2952     2282   Average prices, excluding hedge
results   Oil per Bbl
2952     2631     2800     3007     2871   NGLs per Bbl
1903     2285     2430          1938   Gas per Mcf
491     56     479          415   Revenue per BOE
2759     1210     2831     3007     2491   Average costs per
BOE   Production costs   Lease operating
301     257     883     387     314   Taxes:
Ad valorem
52          41   Production
75   20     12   62   Workover
16   01   38     14   Total
444     278     921     399     431   Depletion expense     706     496     1142     1069     689   27 Table of Contents   Productive wells.The following table sets
forth the number of productive oil and gas wells attributable to
the Companys properties as of December31, 2005, 2004
and 2003   PRODUCTIVE
WELLSa   	
Gross Productive Wells   Net Productive Wells   Oil   Gas   Total   Oil   Gas   Total   As of December31,
2005   United States
4,300   3,955   8,255   3,531   3,669   7,200   Argentina
821   261   1,082   684   202   886   Canada
65   675   740   30   511   541   Africa
12     12   4     4   Total
5,198   4,891   10,089   4,249   4,382   8,631   As of December31,
2004   United States
3,999   3,990   7,989   3,288   3,563   6,851   Argentina
744   226   970   607   168   775   Canada
38   489   527   25   358   383   Africa
9     9   3     3   Total
4,790   4,705   9,495   3,923   4,089   8,012   As of December31,
2003   United States
3,691   2,012   5,703   2,978   1,907   4,885   Argentina
669   194   863   539   141   680   Canada
4   268   272   4   210   214   Africa
7     7   2     2   Total
4,371   2,474   6,845   3,523   2,258   5,781   
a 
Productive wells consist of producing wells and wells capable of
production, including shut-in wells. One or more completions in
the same well bore are counted as one well. If any well in which
one of the multiple completions is an oil completion, then the
well is classified as an oil well. As of December31, 2005,
the Company owned interests in 214gross wells containing
multiple completions.   Leasehold acreage.The following table sets
forth information about the Companys developed,
undeveloped and royalty leasehold acreage as of
December31, 2005   LEASEHOLD
ACREAGE   	
Developed Acreage   Undeveloped Acreage   Royalty
Gross Acres   Net Acres   Gross Acres   Net Acres   Acreage   United States:
Onshore
1,362,840   1,186,135   2,294,074   927,528   289,517   Offshore
131,852   61,718   773,919   595,332   10,500   1,494,692   1,247,853   3,067,993   1,522,860   300,017   Argentina
736,000   342,000   953,000   870,000     Canada
245,000   177,000   475,000   348,000   24,000   Africa
337,020   106,571   9,873,962   5,230,077     Total
2,812,712   1,873,424   14,369,955   7,970,937   324,017   
28 Table of Contents   The following table sets forth the expiration dates of the
leases on the Companys gross and net undeveloped acres as
of December31, 2005   	
Acres Expiringa   Gross   Net   2006b
3,043,642   1,627,381   2007
6,494,885   3,708,934   2008
432,316   311,651   2009
604,350   199,776   2010
125,242   91,798   Thereafter
3,669,520   2,031,397   Total
14,369,955   7,970,937   
a 
Acres expiring are based on contractual lease maturities.   
b 
Acres subject to expiration during 2006 include 26million
gross acres 13million net acres in Tunisia,
97,952gross acres 48,976net acres in Equatorial
Guinea and 309,069gross acres 207,200net acres in
North America. The Company may extend these leases prior to
their expiration based upon 2006 planned activities or for other
business reasons. In certain of these leases, the extension is
only subject to the Companys election to extend and the
fulfillment of certain capital expenditure commitments. In other
cases, the extensions are subject to the consent of third
parties, and no assurance can be given that the requested
extensions will be granted. See Description of
Properties above for information regarding the
Companys drilling operations.   
29 Table of Contents   Drilling activities.The following
table sets forth the number of gross and net productive and dry
hole wells in which the Company had an interest that were
drilled during 2005, 2004 and 2003. This information should not
be considered indicative of future performance, nor should it be
assumed that there was any correlation between the number of
productive wells drilled and the oil and gas reserves generated
thereby or the costs to the Company of productive wells compared
to the costs of dry holes.   DRILLING
ACTIVITIES   	
Gross Wells   Net Wells   Year Ended
December31   Year Ended
December31   2005   2004   2003   2005   2004   2003   United States   Productive wells:
Development
537   268   244   5046   2431   2105   Exploratory
40   8   4   368   53   40   Dry holes:
Development
7   3   6   68   30   60   Exploratory
7   6   6   53   30   36   591   285   260   5535   2544   2241   Argentina   Productive wells:
Development
65   43   29   644   417   290   Exploratory
19   21   21   178   210   210   Dry holes:
Development
4   1   2   40   10   20   Exploratory
14   10   9   140   95   90   102   75   61   1002   732   610   Canada   Productive wells:
Development
27   3   7   263   30   70   Exploratory
87   27   16   715   245   149   Dry holes:
Development
7        65   Exploratory
7   24   26   65   233   211   121   54   56   1043   508   495   Africa   Productive wells:
Development
2   1     6   3   Exploratory
3   2   1   12   14   4   Dry holes:
Development
Exploratory
3   5   4   12   44   35   6   9   6   24   64   42   Total
820   423   383   7604   3848   3388   Success ratioa
95     88     84     95     89     85     
a 
Represents the ratio of those wells that were successfully
completed as producing wells or wells capable of producing to
total wells drilled and evaluated.   
30 Table of Contents   The following table sets forth information about the
Companys wells upon which drilling was in progress as of
December31, 2005   	
Gross Wells   Net Wells   United States   Development
29   248   Exploratory
7   41   36   289   Argentina   Development
2   20   Exploratory
4   40   6   60   Canada   Development
3   23   Exploratory
109   980   112   1003   Africa   Development
Exploratory
3   14   3   14   Total
157   1366   
ITEM3.
LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS   The Company is party to the legal proceedings that are described
under Legal actions in NoteI of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. The Company
is also party to other proceedings and claims incidental to its
business. While many of these matters involve inherent
uncertainty, the Company believes that the amount of the
liability, if any, ultimately incurred with respect to such
other proceedings and claims will not have a material adverse
effect on the Companys consolidated financial position as
a whole or on its liquidity, capital resources or future annual
results of operations.   
Item1A.
Risk Factors
10
Item1B.
Unresolved Staff
Comments
14
Item2.
Properties
14
Proved Reserves
15
Description of
Properties
17
Selected Oil and
Gas Information
23
Item3.
Legal
Proceedings
31
Item4.
MARKET
FOR REGISTRANTS COMMON STOCK, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES   The Companys common stock is listed and traded on the NYSE
under the symbol PXD. The Board declared dividends
to the holders of the Companys common stock of
$22per share and $20per share during each of the
years ended December31, 2005 and 2004, respectively. On
February15, 2006, the Board declared a cash dividend on
common stock of $12 per share payable on April12, 2006 to
stockholders of record on March29, 2006.   The following table sets forth quarterly high and low prices of
the Companys common stock and dividends declared per share
for the years ended December31, 2005 and 2004   	
Dividends
Declared
High   Low   Per Share   Year ended December31,
2005   Fourth quarter
5598     4539        Third quarter
5635     3966     12   Second quarter
4524     3667        First quarter
4482     3291     10   Year ended December31,
2004   Fourth quarter
3685     3080        Third quarter
3750     3103     10   Second quarter
3518     2927        First quarter
3468     2960     10   On February14, 2006, the last reported sales price of the
Companys common stock, as reported in the NYSE composite
transactions, was $4351per share.   As of February14, 2006, the Companys common stock
was held by approximately 26,000 registered holders of record.   Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation
Plans   The following table summarizes information about the
Companys equity compensation plans as of December31,
2005   	
b
Number of Securities
a
Remaining Available
Number of
for Future Issuance
Securities to be
Under Equity
Issued Upon
Weighted Average
Compensation Plans
Exercise of
Exercise Price of
Excluding Securities
Outstanding Options   Outstanding Options   Reflected in First
Column   Equity compensation plans approved
by security holdersc:
Pioneer Natural Resources Company:
Long-Term Incentive Plan
1,922,215     2066   8,467,964   Employee Stock Purchase Plan
513,406   Predecessor plans
763,183     1945     2,685,398   8,981,370   
a 
There are no outstanding warrants or equity rights awarded under
the Companys equity compensation plans. The securities do
not include restricted stock awarded under the Companys
Long-Term Incentive Plan.   
32 Table of Contents   
b 
The Companys Long-Term Incentive Plan provides for the
issuance of a maximum number of shares of common stock equal to
ten percent of the total number of shares of common stock
equivalents outstanding less the total number of shares of
common stock subject to outstanding awards under any stock-based
plan for the directors, officers or employees of the Company.
The number of remaining securities available for future issuance
under the Companys Employee Stock Purchase Plan the
ESPP is based on the original authorized issuance
of 750,000shares less 236,594 cumulative shares issued
through December31, 2005. See NoteH of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for a
description of each of the Companys equity compensation
plans.   
c 
All equity compensation plans have been approved by security
holders.   Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated
Purchasers   The following table summarizes the Companys purchases of
treasury stock during the three months ended December31,
2005   	
Total Number of Shares
Approximate Dollar
or Units Purchased
Amount of Shares
Total Number of
Average Price
as Part of Publicly
that May Yet Be
Shares or Units
Paid per Share
Announced Plans
Purchased under
Period   Purchaseda   or Unit   or Programs   Plans or Programsb   October 2005
4,885,424     5118   4,884,900   November 2005
1,359     5202     December 2005
4,498     5133     Total
4,891,281     5118   4,884,900     9,294,950   
a 
Amounts include shares withheld to fund tax withholding on
employees stock awards for which restrictions have lapsed.   
b 
Excludes $350million of planned share repurchases which
are subject to the successful completion of the planned
deepwater Gulf of Mexico and Argentina divestitures.   During September 2005, the Company announced that the Board had
approved a new share repurchase program authorizing the purchase
of up to $650million of the Companys common stock,
$6407million of which was completed through open market
transactions by the end of 2005. The Board approved another
$350million upon the completion of the planned deepwater
Gulf of Mexico and Argentina divestitures.   
33 Table of Contents   
ITEM6.
SELECTED
FINANCIAL DATA   The following selected consolidated financial data as of and for
each of the five years ended December31, 2005 for the
Company should be read in conjunction with Item7.
Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations and Item8. Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data.   	
Year Ended
December31,a   2005   2004   2003   2002   2001   In millions, except per share
data   Statements of Operations
Data   Revenues and other income:
Oil and gas
2,2157     1,7674     1,2086     6466     7806   Interest and otherb
971   141   123   112   218   Gain on disposition of assets, net
605     12   44   77   2,3733   1,7815   1,2221   6622   8101   Costs and expenses:
Oil and gas production
4493   3161   2282   1686   1738   Depletion, depreciation and
amortization
5680   5563   3743   2028   2095   Impairment of long-lived assetsc
6   397          Exploration and abandonments
2668   1807   1312   866   1226   General and administrative
1246   803   603   482   368   Accretion of discount on asset
retirement obligations
79   82   50        Interest
1278   1034   914   958   1319   Otherd
1128   337   213   396   434   1,6578   1,3184   9117   6416   7180   Income from continuing operations
before income taxes and cumulative effect of change in
accounting principle
7155   4631   3104   206   921   Income tax benefit provisione
2917     1641     674   51     40     Income from continuing operations
before cumulative effect of change in accounting principle
4238   2990   3778   155   881   Income from discontinued
operations, net of taxf
1108   139   174   112   119   Income before cumulative effect of
change in accounting principle
5346   3129   3952   267   1000   Cumulative effect of change in
accounting principle, net of taxc
154        Net income
5346     3129     4106     267     1000   Income from continuing operations
before cumulative effect of change in accounting principle per
share:
Basic
309     239     322     14     89   Diluted
302     235     319     14     88   Net income per share:
Basic
390     250     350     24     101   Diluted
380     246     346     23     100   Weighted average shares outstanding:
Basic
1371   1252   1172   1125   985   Diluted
1414   1275   1185   1143   997   Dividends declared per share
22     20                  Balance Sheet Data as of
December31   Total assets
7,3292     6,7335     3,9516     3,4551     3,2711   Long-term obligations and minority
interests
4,0788     3,3572     1,7620     1,8056     1,7575   Total stockholders equity
2,2171     2,8318     1,7598     1,3749     1,2854   
34 Table of Contents   
a 
Certain amounts for periods prior to January1, 2005 have
been reclassified iin accordance with Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards SFAS No144,
Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived
Assets SFAS144 to reflect the results
of operations of certain oil and gas properties disposed of
during 2005 as discontinued operations, rather than as a
component of continuing operations. See NotesB and V of
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in
Item8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data for additional discussion and iito conform
with the current year presentation.   
b 
Interest and other income in 2005 and 2004 include
$736million and $76million, respectively, of
income associated with various business interruption insurance
claims. See NoteU of Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements included in Item8. Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data.   
c 
During 2005 and 2004, the Company recorded $6million and
$397million of impairment charges for its Gabonese Olowi
field as development of the discovery was canceled due to
significant increases in projected field development costs. See
NoteS of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
included in Item8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data.   
d 
Other expense for 2005, 2003, 2002 and 2001 includes losses on
the early extinguishment of debt of $260million,
$15million, $223million and $38million,
respectively. Other expense for 2005, 2004, 2003 and 2002
includes $548million, $43million,
$28million and $17million, respectively, of
derivative ineffectiveness charges. Other expense for 2001
includes noncash
mark-to-market
charges for changes in the fair values of non-hedge financial
instruments of $115million. See NoteO of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.   
e 
Income tax benefit for 2003 includes a $1977million
adjustment to reduce United States deferred tax asset valuation
allowances. See NoteP of Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements included in Item8. Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data.   
f 
Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle for 2003
relates to the adoption of SFASNo143
Accounting for Asset Retirement Obligations
SFAS143 on January1, 2003. See
NotesB and L of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
included in Item8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data.   
35 Table of Contents   
ITEM7.
MANAGEMENTS
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS   Strategic
Initiatives   During September 2005, the Company announced that the Board
approved the following strategic initiatives to enhance
shareholder value and investment returns   
Approval of a $1billion share repurchase program,
$650million of which was immediately initiated and
substantially completed during 2005. The remaining
$350million is subject to the completion of the planned
deepwater Gulf of Mexico and Argentine divestments discussed
below.   
A plan to divest the Companys assets in the Tierra del
Fuego area in southern Argentina. The plan was later broadened
to include entertaining offers for a complete sale of all of the
Companys Argentine assets. During January 2006, Pioneer
entered into an agreement to sell its assets in Argentina for
$675million.   
A plan to divest the Companys assets in the deepwater Gulf
of Mexico. Bids to purchase the properties were received in
January 2006 and the Company is currently engaged in
negotiations for the sale of these assets. No assurance can be
given that a sale can be completed on terms acceptable to the
Company.   The implementation of the Boards strategic initiatives is
allowing Pioneer to iallocate and focus its investment
capital more heavily towards predictable oil and gas basins in
North America that have delivered relatively strong and
consistent growth and iilower its risk profile by
expanding North American unconventional resource investments
while reducing exploration expenditures.   The divestiture of the Companys Argentine oil and gas
assets will allow the Company to leverage the current commodity
price environment to monetize and exit operations in an area
that has become characterized by lower operating margins,
government-controlled pricing and modest production growth
opportunities. The divestiture of the Companys deepwater
Gulf of Mexico assets, if successful, will also allow the
Company to monetize and exit operations in an area that is
characterized by escalating drilling and operating costs and
relatively high exploration risk and production volatility.   Financial
and Operating Performance   Pioneers financial and operating performance for the year
ended December31, 2005 included the following highlights   
Average daily sales volumes on a BOE basis decreased one percent
in 2005 as compared to 2004.   
Oil and gas revenues increased 25percent in 2005 as
compared to 2004 primarily as a result of increases in worldwide
oil and Argentine and North American gas prices.   
Interest and other income increased by $830million in
2005 as compared to 2004, primarily due to $736million of
business interruption insurance claims related to athe
Hurricane Ivan disruptions and bthe Fain gas plant fire.   
Other expense increased by $791million in 2005 as
compared to 2004, primarily due to increases of
$505million and $260million in losses associated
with commodity hedge ineffectiveness and debt extinguishments,
respectively.   
Income from continuing operations before income taxes and
cumulative effect of change in accounting principle increased by
54percent to $7155million in 2005 from
$4631million in 2004.   
Net income increased to $5346million $380per
diluted share for 2005, as compared to $3129million
$246per diluted share for 2004.   
The Company recognized income from discontinued operations of
$1108million $78per diluted share during 2005
attributable to the sale of certain Gulf of Mexico shelf and
Canadian properties.   
Outstanding debt decreased by $3275million, or
14percent, as of December31, 2005 as compared to
debt outstanding as of December31, 2004.   
Net cash provided by operating activities increased by
23percent to a record $13billion in 2005 as
compared to $11billion in 2004.   
The Company declared $22per share of common dividends
during 2005.   
The Company repurchased 20million shares of the
Companys common stock for $9493million during 2005.   
36 Table of Contents   
The Company sold three VPPs for net proceeds of
$8926million.   
Total proved reserves of 9867MMBOE at December31,
2005.   Current
Events   Argentina divestiture.During
September2005, the Company announced that it would pursue
the sale of its nonoperated assets in Tierra del Fuego. During
the Tierra del Fuego sales process, several prospective buyers
indicated that they could enhance their value for a transaction
in Argentina if it included all of Pioneers assets. The
Company decided that if a buyer presented an attractive offer
for all of the Argentine assets, that it would consider exiting
Argentina. On January17, 2006, the Company announced
signing an agreement with Apache Corporation to sell all of the
Companys interests in Argentina for $675million
subject to normal closing adjustments. The transaction is
expected to close during the latter part of the first quarter or
in early April of 2006. The results of operations from these
assets will be reflected as discontinued operations in the
Companys future financial statements if the sale is closed.   Oooguruk development.In February 2006,
the Company announced that it has approved and is commencing the
development of the Oooguruk field in shallow waters off the
North Slope of Alaska. The Company has a 70percent working
interest in the field. Following the construction of a gravel
drilling and production site during the 2006, a subsea flowline
and facilities will be installed during 2007 to carry produced
liquids to existing onshore processing facilities at the Kuparuk
River Unit. Between 2007 and 2009, Pioneer plans to drill
approximately 40 horizontal wells in the Oooguruk field. Total
gross capital invested, including projected drilling and
facility costs, is expected to range from $450million to
$525million. First production from these wells is expected
to begin in 2008.   South Coast Gas project.In December
2005, the Company announced the final approvals with its partner
in the South Coast Gas project. Pioneer has a 45percent
working interest in the project. The project will include subsea
tie-back of gas from the Sable field and six additional gas
accumulations to the existing production facilities on the F-A
platform for transportation via existing pipelines to a GTL
plant. The Company has signed a contract for the sale of its
share of gas and condensate to the GTL plant. Production is
expected to begin during the second half of 2007 and increase to
an average of approximately 100MMcf per day of gas and
3,000 Bbls per day of condensate over the initial phase of the
project through 2012. Development drilling related to the
project is expected to commence in the first quarter of 2006.   Deepwater Gulf of Mexico
divestiture.During September 2005, the
Company announced its plans to pursue the divestment of its
deepwater Gulf of Mexico assets to reduce the exploration risk
and production volatility that have been associated with these
properties. The deepwater Gulf of Mexico bid process has been
completed and the Company is currently engaged in negotiations
for the sale of these assets. No assurance can be given that a
sale can be completed on terms acceptable to the Company. The
results of operations from these assets will be reflected as
discontinued operations in the Companys future financial
statements if the divestiture is completed.   Acquisitions   Evergreen merger.On September28,
2004, Pioneer completed a merger with Evergreen. Pioneer
acquired the common stock of Evergreen for a total purchase
price of approximately $18billion, which was comprised of
cash and Pioneer common stock. At the merger date,
Evergreens proved reserves were approximately
262MMBOE. Evergreen was primarily engaged in the
production, development, exploration and acquisition of North
American unconventional gas and was one of the leading
developers of CBM reserves in the United States.
Evergreens operations were principally focused on
developing and expanding its CBM gas field located in the Raton
Basin in southern Colorado. Evergreen also had operations in the
Piceance Basin in western Colorado, the Uinta Basin in eastern
Utah and the Western Canada Sedimentary Basin.   Permian Basin and Onshore Gulf Coast
areas.In July 2005, the Company completed
the purchase of approximately 70MMBOE of substantially
undeveloped proved oil reserves in the United States core areas
of the Permian Basin and South Texas for $1769million.
The assets acquired provide an estimated 800 undrilled well
locations.   
37 Table of Contents   Divestitures   Volumetric production payments.During
January 2005, the Company sold two percent of its total proved
reserves, or 205MMBOE of proved reserves in the Hugoton
and Spraberry fields, by means of two VPPs for net proceeds of
$5923million, including the assignment of the
Companys obligations under certain derivative hedge
agreements.   During April 2005, the Company sold less than one percent of its
total proved reserves, or 73MMBOE of proved reserves in
the Spraberry field, by means of a VPP for net proceeds of
$3003million, including the value attributable to certain
derivative hedge agreements assigned to the buyer of the April
VPP.   The Companys VPPs represent limited-term overriding
royalty interests in oil and gas reserves which:
ientitle the purchaser to receive production volumes
over a period of time from specific lease interests;
iiare free and clear of all associated future production
costs and capital expenditures; iiiare nonrecourse to
the Company i.e., the purchasers only recourse is to the
assets acquired; ivtransfers title of the assets to the
purchaser and vallows the Company to retain the assets
after the VPPs volumetric quantities have been delivered.   Canada and Gulf of Mexico.During May
2005, the Company sold all of its interests in the Martin Creek
and Conroy Black areas of northeast British Columbia and the
Lookout Butte area of southern Alberta for net proceeds of
$1972million, resulting in a gain of $1383million.
During August 2005, the Company sold all of its interests in
certain oil and gas properties on the shelf of the Gulf of
Mexico for net proceeds of $591million, resulting in a
gain of $277million. The historic results of operations
of these properties have been removed from the Companys
reported income from continuing operations and are included,
together with the gains from the divestitures, in income from
discontinuing operations, net of taxes.   Gabon divestiture.In October 2005, the
Company closed the sale of the shares in a Gabonese subsidiary
that owns the interest in the Olowi block for $479million
of net proceeds. A gain was recognized during the fourth quarter
of 2005 of $475million with no associated income tax
effect either in Gabon or the United States. In addition,
Pioneer retains the potential, under certain circumstances, to
receive additional payments for production from deeper
reservoirs discovered on the block.   2006
Outlook and Activities   Commodity prices.World oil prices
increased during the year ended December31, 2005 in
response to continued demand growth in Asian economies,
hurricane disruptions in the Gulf of Mexico, political unrest
and supply disruptions in Middle East and Venezuela and other
supply and demand factors. North American gas prices also
increased during 2005 in response to continued strong demand
fundamentals while supply uncertainties still remain. The
Companys outlook for 2006 commodity prices continues to be
cautiously optimistic. Significant factors that will impact 2006
commodity prices include developments in Iraq, Iran and other
Middle East countries, the extent to which members of the OPEC
and other oil exporting nations are able to manage oil supply
through export quotas and variations in key North American gas
supply and demand indicators. Pioneer will continue to
strategically hedge oil and gas price risk to mitigate the
impact of price volatility on its oil, NGL and gas revenues.   See NoteJ of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
included in Item8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data for additional information regarding
the Companys commodity hedge positions at
December31, 2005. Also see Item7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
for disclosures about the Companys commodity related
derivative financial instruments.   Preliminary 2006 capital budget.In
certain of its prior Annual Reports on
Form10-K,
the Company has provided detailed information on its next year
capital allocation and first quarter guidance with respect to
production costs and expenses. As a result of the uncertainty
surrounding the Companys proposed divestitures of its
Argentine and deepwater Gulf of Mexico assets, the Company is
presently unable to provide similar information for 2006.   The Company has prepared a preliminary capital budget that does
not include capital for its Argentine assets but does include
limited capital for the Companys deepwater Gulf of Mexico
assets. The preliminary budget is approximately
$13billion and includes plans to drill 1,000 to 1,100
wells. The Companys preliminary 2006 capital   
38 Table of Contents   budget is heavily focused on development and extension drilling,
including funding for the recently sanctioned Oooguruk and South
Coast gas projects. Less than 20percent of the preliminary
2006 capital budget is for exploration activities. The
Companys final allocation of capital during 2006 is
subject to the approval of the Board and is dependent on the
outcome of the planned divestitures. Accordingly, the final
budget may differ materially from the preliminary budget.   Results
of Operations   Oil and gas revenues.Revenues from oil
and gas operations totaled $22billion, $18billion
and $12billion during 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively.
The revenue increase during 2005, as compared to 2004, was due
to an 18percent increase in oil prices, a 26percent
increase in NGL prices and a 32percent increase in gas
prices, including the effects of commodity price hedges,
partially offset by a one percent decrease in average daily BOE
sales volumes. The revenue increase from 2003 to 2004 was due to
a 22percent increase in average daily BOE sales volumes, a
24percent increase in oil prices, a 32percent
increase in NGL prices and a 14percent increase in gas
prices, including the effects of commodity price hedges.   The following table provides average daily sales volumes from
continuing operations, by geographic area and in total, for
2005, 2004 and 2003   	
Year Ended
December31   2005   2004   2003   Oil Bbls:
United States
25,943   24,700   22,509   Argentina
7,869   8,534   8,687   Canada
210   72   35   Africa
10,065   11,676   1,981   Worldwide
44,087   44,982   33,212   NGLs Bbls:
United States
17,402   19,678   20,306   Argentina
1,824   1,546   1,318   Canada
503   425   473   Worldwide
19,729   21,649   22,097   Gas Mcf:
United States
497,068   516,294   417,972   Argentina
137,032   121,654   94,128   Canada
36,427   25,606   26,779   Worldwide
670,527   663,554   538,879   Total BOE:
United States
126,191   130,428   112,476   Argentina
32,531   30,356   25,694   Canada
6,784   4,764   4,971   Africa
10,065   11,676   1,981   Worldwide
175,571   177,224   145,122   Per BOE average daily production for 2005, as compared to 2004,
increased by seven percent in Argentina and by 42percent
in Canada, while average daily sales volumes decreased by three
percent in the United States and by 14percent in Africa.   
39 Table of Contents   Average daily sales volumes from continuing operations in the
United States was slightly lower in 2005 as compared to 2004
principally due to declining production in the Gulf of Mexico,
asset divestitures and downtime at the Fain gas plant offset by
a full year of production from the properties acquired in the
Evergreen merger.   Argentine average daily sales volumes increased as a result of
successful development drilling and increased market demand
during Argentinas summer season. The Company has increased
its level of capital expenditures in Argentina as the stability
of the Argentine peso and the general economic outlook for
Argentina has improved and gas prices have increased.   Canadian average daily sales volumes from continuing operations
increased due to new production from Canadian properties
acquired in the Evergreen merger and production from new wells
drilled during 2005.   Production is down in South Africa due to normal production
declines and timing of oil shipments, partially offset by
continued growth in Tunisia production.   Per BOE average daily production for 2004, as compared to 2003,
increased by 16percent in the United States, increased by
18percent in Argentina, decreased by four percent in
Canada and the Company realized first production from South
Africa and Tunisia during 2003. The increased production was
principally attributable toi a full year of production
from the Falcon area, iinew production being initiated
from the Harrier, Raptor and Tomahawk fields in the Falcon area
and at Devils Tower, iiifourth quarter production added
from the Evergreen merger and ivoil sales having first
been realized from the Companys Tunisian and South African
oil projects during August and October of 2003, respectively.
Argentine oil and gas sales volumes increased during 2004
primarily due to incremental production volumes that resulted
from the Companys expanded drilling program and higher oil
and gas demand during the summer season.   The following table provides average daily sales volumes from
discontinued operations during 2005, 2004 and 2003   	
Year Ended
December31   2005   2004   2003   Oil Bbls:
United States
1,279   1,937   2,016   Canada
28   65   76   Worldwide
1,307   2,002   2,092   NGLs Bbls:
United States
65   60   32   Canada
112   492   433   Worldwide
177   552   465   Gas Mcf:
United States
4,136   5,545   5,041   Canada
6,489   16,261   14,890   Worldwide
10,625   21,806   19,931   Total BOE:
United States
2,033   2,921   2,888   Canada
1,221   3,267   2,991   Worldwide
3,254   6,188   5,879   
40 Table of Contents   The following table provides average reported prices from
continuing operations, including the results of hedging
activities, and average realized prices from continuing
operations, excluding the results of hedging activities, by
geographic area and in total, for 2005, 2004 and 2003   	
Year Ended
December31   2005   2004   2003   Average reported
prices   Oil per Bbl:
United States
3109     2969     2509   Argentina
3688     2806     2562   Canada
5212     4837     2800   Africa
5300     3812     2952   Worldwide
3722     3160     2550   NGL per Bbl:
United States
3172     2505     1903   Argentina
3317     2991     2285   Canada
4579     3203     2430   Worldwide
3222     2554     1938   Gas per Mcf:
United States
683     514     445   Argentina
88     66     56   Canada
767     472     465   Worldwide
566     430     378   Average realized
prices   Oil per Bbl:
United States
5405     3954     2952   Argentina
3688     2982     2631   Canada
5212     4837     2800   Africa
5300     3871     3007   Worldwide
5074     3749     2871   NGL per Bbl:
United States
3172     2505     1903   Argentina
3317     2991     2285   Canada
4579     3203     2430   Worldwide
3222     2554     1938   Gas per Mcf:
United States
794     571     491   Argentina
88     66     56   Canada
767     537     479   Worldwide
649     478     415   Hedging activities.The oil and gas
prices that the Company reports are based on the market price
received for the commodities adjusted by the results of the
Companys cash flow hedging activities. The Company
utilizes commodity swap and collar contracts in order to
ireduce the effect of price volatility on the
commodities the Company produces and sells, iisupport
the Companys annual capital budgeting and expenditure
plans and iiireduce commodity price risk associated with
certain capital projects. During 2005, 2004 and 2003, the
Companys commodity price hedges decreased oil and gas
revenues from continuing operations by $4204million,
$2119million and $1107million, respectively. The
effective portions of changes in the fair values of the   
41 Table of Contents   Companys commodity price hedges are deferred as increases
or decreases to stockholders equity until the underlying
hedged transaction occurs. Consequently, changes in the
effective portions of commodity price hedges add volatility to
the Companys reported stockholders equity until the
hedge derivative matures or is terminated. See NoteJ of
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in
Item8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data for information concerning the impact to oil and gas
revenues during 2005, 2004 and 2003 from the Companys
hedging activities, the Companys open hedge positions at
December31, 2005 and descriptions of the Companys
hedge commodity derivatives. Also see Item7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
for additional disclosures about the Companys commodity
related derivative financial instruments.   Subsequent to December31, 2005, the Company reduced its
oil and gas hedge positions by terminating the following swap
and collar contracts: i2,000 BPD of March through
December 2006 oil swap contracts with a fixed price of $2629
per Bbl; 1,000 BPD of calendar 2007 oil swap contracts with a
fixed price of $3100 per Bbl; 2,000 BPD of calendar 2008 oil
swap contracts with a fixed price of $3000 per Bbl; 2,000 BPD
of March through December 2006 oil collar contracts having a
floor price of $5000 per Bbl and a ceiling price of $9625 per
Bbl; 2,500 BPD of calendar 2007 oil collar contracts having a
floor price of $5000 and a ceiling price of $9118 per Bbl and
ii65,000 MMBtu per day of April through December 2006
gas collar contracts with a weighted average floor price per
MMBtu of $674 and a weighted average ceiling price per MMBtu of
$1401. The aggregate value of the terminated oil and gas hedge
contracts was a liability of $594 million on the dates of
termination.   Argentina commodity prices.During
2002, the Argentine government implemented a 20percent tax
on oil exports. In 2003, the Company exported approximately five
percent of its Argentine oil production. Associated therewith,
the Company incurred oil export taxes of $12million for
2003. During 2004 and 2005, the Company did not export any of
its Argentine oil production. The export tax has also had the
effect of decreasing internal Argentine oil revenues not only
export revenues by the taxes levied. The U.S.dollar
equivalent value for domestic Argentine oil sales now paid in
pesos has generally moved toward parity with the
U.S.dollar-denominated export values, net of the export
tax. The adverse impact of this tax has been partially offset by
the net cost savings resulting from the devaluation of the peso
on peso-denominated costs.   In January 2003, at the Argentine governments request, oil
producers and refiners agreed to cap amounts payable for certain
domestic sales at $2850per Bbl, which remained in effect
through April 2004. The producers and refiners further agreed
that the difference between the actual price and the capped
price would be payable once actual prices fall below the $2850
cap. Subsequently the terms were modified such that while the
$2850per Bbl payable cap was in place, the refiners would
have no obligation to pay producers for sales values that
exceeded $3600per Bbl. Initially, the refiners and
producers also agreed to discount U.S.dollar-denominated
oil prices at 90percent prior to converting to pesos at
the current exchange rate for the purpose of invoicing and
settling oil sales to Argentine refiners. In May 2004, refiners
and producers changed the discount percentage from
90percent for all price levels to 86percent if West
Texas Intermediate WTI was equal to or less than
$36per Bbl and 80percent if WTI exceeded
$36per Bbl. All the oil prices are adjusted for normal
quality differentials prior to applying the discount.   In 2004, it appeared probable that the price of world oil would
remain above the $2850 cap for the foreseeable future. Given
the uncertainty surrounding the timing of when Argentine
producers could expect to collect balances outstanding from
refiners, the Company ceased recognizing revenue and began
recording any excess between the actual sales price pursuant to
its oil sales contracts with Argentine refiners that were
subject to the price stabilization agreement and the $2850
price cap as deferred revenue in the balance sheet. The decision
by Argentine oil producers and refiners to not renew the price
stability agreement beyond April30, 2004 does not
terminate the obligation of refiners to reimburse producers for
balances that accumulated from January 2003 through April 2004,
if and when the price of WTI falls below $2850.   In May 2004, the Argentine government increased the export tax
from 20percent to 25percent. This tax is applied on
the sales value after the tax, thus, the net effect of the
20percent and 25percent rates is 167percent
and 20percent, respectively. In August 2004, the Argentine
government further increased the export tax rates for oil
exports. The export tax now escalates from the current
25percent 20percent effective rate to a maximum
rate of 45percent 31percent effective rate of the
realized value for exported Bbls as WTI prices per Bbl increase
from   
42 Table of Contents   less than $3200 to $4500 and above. The export tax is not
deducted in the calculation of royalty payments and expires in
February 2007. Given the number of governmental changes during
2005 affecting the realized price the Company receives for its
oil sales, no specific predictions can be made about the future
of oil prices in Argentina. However, in the short term, the
Company expects Argentine oil realizations to be less than oil
realizations in the United States.   As a result of the economic emergency law enacted by the
Argentine government in January 2002, the Companys gas
prices, expressed in U.S.dollars, have also fallen in
proportion to the devaluation of the Argentine peso since the
end of 2001 due to the pesofication of contracts and freezing of
gas prices at the wellhead required by that law. As a baseline,
the Companys 2001 realized Argentine gas price was
$131per Mcf as compared to $88, $66 and $56 in 2005,
2004 and 2003, respectively.   The unfavorable gas price has acted to discourage gas
development activities and increased gas demand. Without
development of gas reserves in Argentina, supplies of gas in the
country have declined, while demand for gas has been increasing
due to the resurgence of the Argentine economy and the higher
cost of alternative fuels. Briefly during 2004, gas exports to
Chile were curtailed at the direction of the Argentine
government. Argentina has also entered into an agreement to
import gas from Bolivia at prices starting at approximately
$200per Mcf at the border, including transportation
costs. In May 2004, pursuant to a decree, the Argentine
government approved measures to permit producers to renegotiate
gas sales contracts, excluding those that could affect small
residential customers, in accordance with scheduled price
increases specified in the decree. The wellhead prices in the
decree increased from a 2004 range of $61 to $78per Mcf
to a range of $87 to $104per Mcf after July1,
2005, depending on the region where the gas is produced. No
further gas price increases beyond July 2005 have occurred.
Other than an expectation that gas prices will be permitted to
increase gradually over time, as has already been demonstrated
by the governing authorities, no specific predictions can be
made about the future of gas prices in Argentina. However, the
Company expects Argentine gas realizations to be less than gas
realizations in the United States.   See Item7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk for further discussion of commodity
prices in Argentina.   Interest and other income.The Company
recorded interest and other income totaling $971million,
$141million and $123 during 2005, 2004 and 2003,
respectively. The increase in interest and other income during
2005, as compared to 2004, is primarily attributable to the
recognition of $736million in business interruption
insurance claims, of which $594million relates to
Hurricane Ivan and $142million to the Fain plant fire.
See NoteM of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
included in Item8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data for additional information regarding
interest and other income.   Gain on disposition of assets.The
Company recorded gains on disposition of assets of
$605million, $39,000 and $13million during 2005,
2004 and 2003, respectively.   In 2005, the gain is primarily related to athe sale of
the stock of a subsidiary that owned the interest in the Olowi
block in Gabon, which resulted in a $475million gain and
ba $14million insurance settlement on the
Companys East Cameron facility that was destroyed by
Hurricane Rita, resulting in a $97million gain.   During 2005 the Company also recognized gains on the sale of
certain assets in Canada and the shelf of the Gulf of Mexico of
approximately $1661million. However, pursuant to
SFAS144 the gain and the results of operations from these
assets have been reclassified to discontinued operations.   The net cash proceeds from asset divestitures during 2005, 2004
and 2003 were used, together with net cash flows provided by
operating activities, to fund additions to oil and gas
properties and to reduce outstanding indebtedness. See
NotesN and V of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
included in Item8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data for additional information regarding
asset divestitures.   Oil and gas production costs.The
Company recorded production costs of $4493million,
$3161million and $2282million during 2005, 2004
and 2003, respectively. In general, lease operating expenses and
workover expenses represent the components of oil and gas
production costs over which the Company has management control,
while production taxes and ad valorem taxes are directly related
to commodity price changes. Total production costs per BOE
increased during 2005 by 44percent as compared to 2004
primarily due to ian increase   
43 Table of Contents   in production and ad valorem taxes as a result of higher
commodity prices, iihigher Canadian gas transportation
fees, iiithe retention of operating costs related to VPP
volumes sold approximately $19per BOE, during 2005,
ivnew production added from the Evergreen merger which
are relatively higher per BOE operating cost properties, v
decreased production from the lower per BOE production cost
deepwater Gulf of Mexico assets and vincreases in
equipment and service costs associated with rising commodity
prices.   Total production costs per BOE increased during 2004 by
13percent as compared to 2003. The increase in total
production costs per BOE during 2004 as compared to 2003 was
primarily attributable to increases in production volumes and a
greater proportion of those volumes coming from the Sable oil
field in South Africa, the Devils Tower oil and gas field in the
deepwater Gulf of Mexico and, to a lesser extent, the new
production added with the Evergreen merger which are higher
operating cost properties.   The following tables provide the components of the
Companys total production costs per BOE from continuing
operations and total production costs per BOE from continuing
operations by geographic area for 2005, 2004 and 2003   	
Year Ended
December31   2005   2004   2003   Lease operating expenses
507     363     314   Taxes:
Ad valorem
63   43   41   Production
97   61   62   Workover costs
34   21   14   Total production costs
701     488     431   	
Year Ended
December31   2005   2004   2003   United States
741     487     444   Argentina
326     299     278   Canada
1483     1079     921   Africa
882     737     399   Worldwide
701     488     431   Depletion, depreciation and amortization
expense.The Companys total depletion,
depreciation and amortization DDA expense was
$886, $856 and $707per BOE for 2005, 2004 and 2003,
respectively. Depletion expense, the largest component of
DDA expense, was $853, $838 and $689per BOE during
2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively. During 2005, the increase in
per BOE depletion expense was primarily due to relatively higher
per BOE cost basis Rocky Mountain area production acquired in
the Evergreen merger and a higher depletion rate for the Hugoton
and Spraberry fields as a result of the VPP volumes sold,
partially offset by lower production from higher cost-basis Gulf
of Mexico production. Additionally, the Companys depletion
expense per BOE iincreased in Argentina due to downward
reserve revisions associated with negative well performance and
drilling results in its deep gas play in the Neuquen basin,
iiincreased in Tunisia due to the Companys proved
reserves being reduced as a result of the Companys
interest in the Adam block being reduced to 20percent from
28percent in accordance with the terms of the concession
and iiidecreased in South Africa as a result of upward
reserve revisions attributable to better well performance.   During 2004, the increase in per BOE depletion expense was due
to a greater proportion of the Companys production being
derived from higher cost-basis deepwater Gulf of Mexico and
South African developments and downward revisions to proved
reserves in Canada in 2003.   
44 Table of Contents   The following table provides depletion expense per BOE from
continuing operations by geographic area for 2005, 2004 and 2003   	
Year Ended
December31   2005   2004   2003   United States
871     862     706   Argentina
713     556     496   Canada
1271     1293     1142   Africa
796     1119     1069   Worldwide
853     838     689   Impairment of oil and gas
properties.The Company reviews its
long-lived assets to be held and used, including oil and gas
properties, whenever events or circumstances indicate that the
carrying value of those assets may not be recoverable. During
2005 and 2004, the Company recognized a noncash impairment
charge of $6million and $397million, respectively,
to reduce the carrying value of its Gabonese Olowi field assets
as development of the discovery was canceled. See Critical
Accounting Estimates below and NotesB and S of Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements included in
Item8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data for additional information pertaining to the
Companys accounting policies regarding assessments of
impairment and the Gabonese Olowi field impairment, respectively.   Exploration, abandonments, geological and geophysical
costs.The following table provides the
Companys geological and geophysical costs, exploratory dry
hole expense, lease abandonments and other exploration expense
from continuing operations by geographic area for 2005, 2004 and
2003   	
Africa
United
and
States   Argentina   Canada   Other   Total   In thousands   Year ended December31,
2005   Geological and geophysical
66,048     6,603     4,452     34,353     111,456   Exploratory dry holes
61,209   9,257   3,468   18,981   92,915   Leasehold abandonments and other
48,770   8,667   1,625   3,318   62,380     176,027     24,527     9,545     56,652     266,751   Year ended December31,
2004   Geological and geophysical
51,731     11,718     4,047     14,833     82,329   Exploratory dry holes
39,328   7,213   11,131   24,460   82,132   Leasehold abandonments and other
7,925   4,475   3,883   6   16,289     98,984     23,406     19,061     39,299     180,750   Year ended December31,
2003   Geological and geophysical
40,783     7,689     4,426     3,903     56,801   Exploratory dry holes
27,015   2,672   9,868   20,250   59,805   Leasehold abandonments and other
4,941   7,715   1,822   108   14,586     72,739     18,076     16,116     24,261     131,192   Significant components of the Companys dry hole expense
during 2005 included $212 related to certain suspended Alaskan
well costs, $167million associated with an unsuccessful
well in the Falcon Corridor, $95million associated with
an unsuccessful Nigerian well, $35million attributable to
an unsuccessful well on the Companys El Hamra permit in
Tunisia, $51million attributable to an unsuccessful
suspended well in the Companys Anaguid permit in Tunisia
and various other exploratory wells. The United States leasehold
abandonments and other costs during the year ended
December31, 2005 include a $398million increase in
East Cameron abandonment obligations that resulted from
hurricane damage. During 2005, the Company   
45 Table of Contents   completed and evaluated 180 exploration/extension wells, 149 of
which were successfully completed as discoveries.   Significant components of the Companys dry hole expense
during 2004 included $277million and $105million
on the Companys deepwater Gulf of Mexico Juno and Myrtle
Beach prospects, respectively, $190million on the
Companys Gabonese Olowi prospect and $58million on
the Companys Bravo prospect offshore Equatorial Guinea.
During 2004, the Company completed and evaluated 103
exploration/extension wells, 58 of which were successfully
completed as discoveries.   General and administrative
expense.General and administrative expense
totaled $1246million $194per BOE,
$803million $124per BOE and $603million
$114per BOE during 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively.
The increase in general and administrative expense during 2005,
as compared to 2004, was primarily due to increases in
administrative staff, including staff increases associated with
the Evergreen merger, and performance-related compensation costs
including the amortization of restricted stock awarded to
officers, directors and employees during 2005.   The increase in general and administrative expense during 2004,
as compared to 2003, was primarily due to increases in
administrative staff, including staff increases associated with
the Evergreen merger, and performance-related compensation costs
including the amortization of restricted stock awarded to
officers, directors and employees during 2004.   Interest expense.Interest expense was
$1278million, $1034million and $914million
during 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively. The weighted average
interest rate on the Companys indebtedness for the year
ended December31, 2005 was 65percent, as compared
to 54percent and 53percent for the years ended
December31, 2004 and 2003, respectively, including the
effects of interest rate derivatives. The increase in interest
expense for 2005 as compared to 2004 was primarily due to
increased average borrowings under the Companys lines of
credit, primarily as a result of the cash portion of the
consideration paid in the Evergreen merger and
$9493million of stock repurchases completed during 2005,
a $173million decrease in the amortization of interest
rate hedge gains, the assumption of $300million of notes
in connection with the Evergreen merger and higher interest
rates in 2005.   The increase in interest expense for 2004 as compared to 2003
was primarily due to a $79million decrease in interest
rate hedge gains, a $34million decrease in capitalized
interest as the Company completed its major development projects
in the Gulf of Mexico and South Africa, increased borrowings
under the Companys lines of credit, primarily as a result
of the Evergreen merger, and the assumption of $300million
of notes in connection with the Evergreen merger.   See NoteF of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
included in Item8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data for additional information about the
Companys long-term debt and interest expense.   Other expenses.Other expenses were
$1128million during 2005, as compared to
$337million during 2004 and $213million during
2003. The increase in other expenses during 2005, as compared to
2004, is primarily attributable to a $265million loss on
the redemption and tender of portions of the Companys
senior notes, a $505million increase in hedge
ineffectiveness and a $31million increase in amortization
of noncompete agreements associated with the Evergreen merger.
The increase in other expense for 2004 as compared to 2003 was
primarily due to an increase in contingency accrual adjustments
of $118million. See NoteO of Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements included in Item8. Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data for a detailed
description of the components included in other expenses.   Income tax benefits provisions.The
Company recognized income tax provisions on continuing
operations of $2917million and $1642million during
2005 and 2004, respectively, and income tax benefits on
continuing operations of $674million during 2003. The
2003 deferred United States federal, state and local tax
benefits include a $1977million benefit from the reversal
of the Companys valuation allowances against United States
deferred tax assets.   
46 Table of Contents   The Companys effective tax rate of 408percent for
the year ended December31, 2005 differs from the combined
United States federal and state statutory rate of approximately
365percent primarily due to   
The second quarter reversal of the $269million tax
benefit recorded in 2004 as a result of the cancellation of the
development of the Olowi block and the Companys decision
to exit Gabon. The Company reversed the tax benefit as a result
of signing an agreement in June 2005 to sell its shares in the
subsidiary that owns the interest in the Olowi block which made
it more likely than not that the Company would not realize the
originally recorded tax benefit   
The Company recognized a gain of approximately
$475million in the fourth quarter of 2005 relating to the
sale of shares in a subsidiary that owns the interest in the
Olowi Block located in Gabon. There is no associated income tax
effect either in Gabon or the United States associated with the
gain, which partially offsets the effects of the previous item   
Recording $68million of taxes associated with the
repatriation of foreign earnings pursuant to the American Jobs
Creation Act of 2004 AJCA   
Expenses for unsuccessful well costs in foreign locations where
the Company receives no expected income tax benefits   
Foreign tax rate differentials and   
Foreign statutes that differ from those in the United States.   See Critical Accounting Estimates below and
NoteP of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
included in Item8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data for additional information regarding
the Companys tax position.   Discontinued operations.The Company
recognized income from discontinued operations of
$1108million during 2005, as compared to
$139million during 2004 and $174million during
2003. During 2005, the Company sold its interests in
athe Martin Creek, Conroy Black and Lookout Butte areas
in Canada for net proceeds of $1972million, resulting in
a gain of $1383million and bcertain assets on the
shelf of the Gulf of Mexico for net proceeds of
$591million, resulting in a gain of $277million.
In 2005, the Company recognized an income tax provision of
$731million associated with these divestitures. Pursuant
to SFAS144, the gain and the results of operations from
these assets have been reclassified to discontinued operations.
See NoteV of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in
Item8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data for additional data on discontinued operations.   The Companys high effective tax rate associated with
discontinued operations during 2005 397percent was
primarily due to   
A United States deferred tax provision of $171million
being triggered by the gain recorded on the Canadian
divestiture. The Canadian gain caused the recharacterization of
Argentine dividend income from prior years that was previously
offset by historical Canadian losses   
Cash taxes of $25million associated with the repatriation
of foreign earnings under the provisions of the AJCA and   
A decrease in the Canadian valuation allowance of
$134million, which partially offset the above two items.
The Canadian divestiture utilized a substantial portion of the
Companys Canadian tax pools. Consequently, the Company
reassessed the likelihood that the remaining Canadian tax
attributes will be utilized and determined it is now more likely
than not that it will be able to utilize more of its tax pools
than previously expected.   For years prior to the Canadian divestiture, the Companys
discontinued operations reflect no Canadian tax provisions due
to the Company having maintained a valuation allowance related
to its Canadian deferred tax assets. During those prior years,
managements expectation was that it was likely that the
Company would not realize its Canadian deferred tax assets.
Therefore, in accordance with GAAP, portions of the Canadian
valuation allowance were released only to the extent that
Canadian income was recorded, thereby offsetting any tax
provisions.   
47 Table of Contents   The Companys effective tax rate for United States
discontinued operations during 2005, 2004 and 2003 was
approximately 365percent.   Cumulative effect of change in accounting
principle.The Company adopted the provisions
of SFAS143 on January1, 2003 and recognized a
$154million benefit from the cumulative effect of change
in accounting principle, net of $13million of deferred
income taxes.   Capital
Commitments, Capital Resources and Liquidity   Capital commitments.The Companys
primary needs for cash are for exploration, development and
acquisition of oil and gas properties, repayment of contractual
obligations and working capital obligations. Funding for
exploration, development and acquisition of oil and gas
properties and repayment of contractual obligations may be
provided by any combination of internally-generated cash flow,
proceeds from the disposition of nonstrategic assets or
alternative financing sources as discussed in Capital
resources below. Generally, funding for the Companys
working capital obligations is provided by internally-generated
cash flows.   Payments for acquisitions, net of cash
acquired.In 2004, the Company paid
$8804million of cash, net of $121million of cash
acquired, to complete the Evergreen merger. As noted above, the
Company also assumed $300million principal amount of
Evergreen notes and other current and noncurrent obligations
associated with the Evergreen merger. As is further discussed in
Financing activities below, and in NotesC and
F of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in
Item8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data, the Company financed the cash costs utilizing credit
facilities in place at the time of the merger.   Oil and gas properties.The
Companys cash expenditures for additions to oil and gas
properties during 2005, 2004 and 2003 totaled $11billion,
$5629million and $6626million, respectively. The
Companys 2005, 2004 and 2003 expenditures for additions to
oil and gas properties were internally funded by
$13billion, $11billion and $7381million,
respectively, of net cash provided by operating activities.   The Company strives to maintain its indebtedness at reasonable
levels in order to provide sufficient financial flexibility to
take advantage of future opportunities. The Companys
preliminary capital budget for 2006 is expected to be
approximately $13billion. The Company believes that
proceeds from asset divestitures and net cash provided by
operating activities during 2006, based on the current price
environment, will be sufficient to fund the 2006 capital
expenditures budget.   Off-balance sheet arrangements.From
time-to-time,
the Company enters into off-balance sheet arrangements and
transactions that can give rise to material off-balance sheet
obligations of the Company. As of December31, 2005, the
material off-balance sheet arrangements and transactions that
the Company has entered into include iundrawn letters of
credit, iioperating lease agreements,
iiidrilling commitments, ivVPP obligations to
physically deliver volumes and pay related lease operating
expenses in the future and vcontractual obligations for
which the ultimate settlement amounts are not fixed and
determinable such as derivative contracts that are sensitive to
future changes in commodity prices and gas transportation
commitments. Other than the off-balance sheet arrangements
described above, the Company has no transactions, arrangements
or other relationships with unconsolidated entities or other
persons that are reasonably likely to materially affect the
Companys liquidity or availability of or requirements for
capital resources. See Contractual obligations below
for more information regarding the Companys off-balance
sheet arrangements.   Contractual obligations.The
Companys contractual obligations include long-term debt,
operating leases, drilling commitments, derivative obligations,
other liabilities, transportation commitments and VPP
obligations.   
48 Table of Contents   The following table summarizes by period the payments due by the
Company for contractual obligations estimated as of
December31, 2005   	
Payments Due by Year   2007 and
2009 and
2006   2008   2010   Thereafter   In thousands   Long-term debta
382,075     900,000     882,985   Operating leasesb
57,931   70,686   29,546   5,642   Drilling commitmentsc
172,354   118,497   5,977     Derivative obligationsd
318,852   430,495        Other liabilitiese
114,942   63,796   19,415   64,503   Transportation commitmentsf
67,222   136,876   134,614   234,986   VPP obligationsg
190,327   339,370   238,121   87,020     921,628     1,541,795     1,327,673     1,275,136   
a 
See NoteF of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
included in Item8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data. The amounts included in the table
above represent principal maturities only.   
b 
See NoteI of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
included in Item8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data.   
c 
Drilling commitments represent future minimum expenditure
commitments under contracts that the Company was a party to on
December31, 2005 for drilling rig services and well
commitments. During February 2006, the Company entered into a
drilling contract under which the Company is obligated to expend
$274million during 2007.   
d 
Derivative obligations represent net liabilities for oil and gas
commodity derivatives that were valued as of December31,
2005. These liabilities include $9million of current
liabilities that are fixed in amount and are not subject to
continuing market risk. The ultimate settlement amounts of the
remaining portions of the Companys derivative obligations
are unknown because they are subject to continuing market risk.
See Item7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk and NoteJ of Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements included in Item8. Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data for additional
information regarding the Companys derivative obligations.   
e 
The Companys other liabilities represent current and
noncurrent other liabilities that are comprised of benefit
obligations, litigation and environmental contingencies, asset
retirement obligations and other obligations for which neither
the ultimate settlement amounts nor their timings can be
precisely determined in advance. See NotesH, I and L of
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in
Item8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data for additional information regarding the
Companys post retirement benefit obligations, litigation
contingencies and asset retirement obligations, respectively.   
f 
Transportation commitments represent estimated transportation
fees on gas throughput commitments. See NoteI of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for additional
information regarding the Companys transportation
commitments.   
g 
These amounts represent the amortization of the deferred revenue
associated with the VPPs. The Companys ongoing obligation
is to deliver the specified volumes sold under the VPPs free and
clear of all associated production costs and capital
expenditures. See NoteT of Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements included in Item8. Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data.   Environmental contingency.A subsidiary
of the Company has been notified by a letter from the Texas
Commission on Environmental Quality TCEQ dated
August24, 2005 that the TCEQ considers the subsidiary to
be a potentially responsible party with respect to the
Dorchester Refining Company State Superfund Site located in
Mount Pleasant, Texas. The subsidiary, which was acquired by the
Company in 1991, owned a refinery located at the Mount Pleasant
site from 1977 until 1984. According to the TCEQ, this refinery
was responsible for releases of hazardous substances into the
environment. The Company does not know the nature and extent of
the alleged   
49 Table of Contents   contamination, the potential costs of remediation, or the
portion, if any, of such costs that may be allocable to the
Companys subsidiary. However, based on the limited
information currently available and assessed regarding this
matter, the Company has no reason to believe that it may have a
material adverse effect on its future financial condition,
results of operations or liquidity. See NoteI of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for additional
information regarding this matter as well as other environmental
and legal contingencies involving the Company.   Capital resources.The Companys
primary capital resources are net cash provided by operating
activities, proceeds from financing activities and proceeds from
sales of nonstrategic assets. The Company expects that these
resources will be sufficient to fund its capital commitments
during 2006 and for the foreseeable future.   Asset divestitures.During May 2005,
the Company sold all of its interests in the Martin Creek,
Conroy Black and Lookout Butte oil and gas properties in Canada
for net proceeds of $1972million, resulting in a gain of
$1383million. During August 2005, the Company sold all of
its interests in certain oil and gas properties on the shelf of
the Gulf of Mexico for net proceeds of $591million,
resulting in a gain of $277million. During October 2005,
the Company sold all of its shares in a subsidiary that owns the
interest in the Olowi block in Gabon for net proceeds of
$479million, resulting in a gain of $475million.
The net cash proceeds from these divestitures were used to
reduce outstanding indebtedness.   During January 2005, the Company sold two percent of its total
proved reserves, or 205MMBOE of proved reserves, by means
of two VPPs for net proceeds of $5923million, including
the assignment of the Companys obligations under certain
derivative hedge agreements. Proceeds from the VPPs were
initially used to reduce outstanding indebtedness.   During April 2005, the Company sold less than one percent of its
total proved reserves, or 73MMBOE of proved reserves, by
means of another VPP for net proceeds of $3003million,
including the assignment of the Companys obligations under
certain derivative hedge agreements. Proceeds from the VPP were
initially used to reduce outstanding indebtedness.   See NoteT of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
included in Item8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data for additional information regarding
the Companys VPPs.   Operating activities.Net cash provided
by operating activities during 2005, 2004 and 2003 was
$13billion, $11billion and $7381million,
respectively. The increase in net cash provided by operating
activities in 2005, as compared to that of 2004, was primarily
due to higher commodity prices. The increase in net cash
provided by operating activities in 2004, as compared to that of
2003, was primarily due to increased production volumes and
higher commodity prices.   Investing activities.Net cash provided
by investing activities during 2005 was $847million, as
compared to net cash used in investing activities during 2004
and 2003 of $15billion and $6367million,
respectively. The decrease in net cash used in investing
activities during 2005, as compared to 2004, was primarily due
to i$12billion in proceeds from asset
divestitures in 2005 which included $8926million of net
proceeds received from VPPs sold during 2005,
ii$8804million of cash consideration paid in 2004
in connection with the Evergreen merger and iiioffset by
an increase of $5604million in additions to oil and gas
properties. The increase in net cash used in investing
activities during 2004 as compared to 2003 was primarily due to
$8804million of cash consideration paid in the third
quarter of 2004 in connection with the Evergreen merger. See
Results of Operations above and NoteN of Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements included in
Item8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data for additional information regarding asset
divestitures.   Financing activities.Net cash used in
financing activities was $14billion and
$917million during 2005 and 2003, respectively. Net cash
provided by financing activities during 2004 was
$4143million. During 2005, financing activities were
comprised of $3536million of net principal repayments on
long-term debt, $783million of payments of other
noncurrent liabilities, primarily comprised of cash settlements
of acquired hedge obligations, $303million of dividends
paid and $9493million of treasury stock purchases,
partially offset by $416million of proceeds from the
exercise of long-term incentive plan stock options and employee
stock purchases. During 2004, financing activities were
comprised of $5534million of net principal borrowings on
long-term debt, $543million of payments of other
noncurrent liabilities, primarily comprised of settlements of
fair value and acquired hedge   
50 Table of Contents   obligations and other financial obligations, $266million
of dividends paid and $923million of treasury stock
purchases, partially offset by $351million of proceeds
from the exercise of long-term incentive plan stock options and
employee stock purchases. During 2003, financing activities were
comprised of $1055million of net principal payments on
long-term debt, $141million of payments of other
noncurrent liabilities, $28million of payments for
deferred loan fees and $23million of treasury stock
purchases, partially offset by $330million of proceeds
from the exercise of long-term incentive plan stock options and
employee stock purchases.   During April 2005, $1310million of the Companys
87/8%senior
notes due 2005 matured and were repaid. During 2005, the Company
also redeemed the remaining $640million and
$162million, respectively, of aggregate principal amount
of its
95/8%senior
notes due 2010 and its 750%senior notes due 2012. During
September 2005, the Company accepted tenders to purchase
$1884million in principal amount of the
5875%senior notes due 2012 for $1999million. The
Company utilized unused borrowing capacity under its line of
credit to fund these financing activities.   During September 2005, the Company announced that the Board had
approved a new share repurchase program authorizing the purchase
of up to $1billion of the Companys common stock,
$650million of which was immediately initiated. As of
December31, 2005, the Company had expended
$6407million of the $1billion repurchase program
through iopen market purchases and iia
repurchase plan adopted by the Company conforming to the
requirements of
Rule10b5-1
of the Exchange Act. The remaining $350million is subject
to the completion of the planned deepwater Gulf of Mexico and
Argentine divestments. During 2005 and 2004, the Company
expended a total of$9493 million to acquire
200million shares of treasury stock and
$923million to acquire 28million shares of
treasury stock, respectively.   During September 2005, the Company entered into an amended
credit facility that provides for initial aggregate loan
commitments of $15billion and a five-year term the
Amended Credit Agreement. In connection with the
funding of the Amended Credit Agreement on September30,
2005, all amounts outstanding under a
364-day
credit facility, which was established to fund the Evergreen
purchase in September 2004, were retired and the
364-day
credit facility terminated.   As the Company pursues its strategy, it may utilize various
financing sources, including fixed and floating rate debt,
convertible securities, preferred stock or common stock. The
Company may also issue securities in exchange for oil and gas
properties, stock or other interests in other oil and gas
companies or related assets. Additional securities may be of a
class preferred to common stock with respect to such matters as
dividends and liquidation rights and may also have other rights
and preferences as determined by the Board.   Liquidity.The Companys principal
source of short-term liquidity is the Amended Credit Agreement.
There were $900million of outstanding borrowings under the
Amended Credit Agreement as of December31, 2005. Including
$803million of undrawn and outstanding letters of credit
under the Amended Credit Agreement, the Company had
$5197million of unused borrowing capacity as of
December31, 2005.   The announced plans to divest the Companys Argentine
assets and deepwater Gulf of Mexico assets, if successful, will
have a positive impact on Pioneers future liquidity.
Proceeds from one or both of these planned divestitures may be
used to ipay down existing borrowings on the Amended
Credit Agreement, iicomplete the $1billion share
repurchase, iiireduce existing obligations,
ivfund capital commitments or vfund working
capital needs. Also, the Company may decide to maintain a
certain level of any proceeds in cash and investments for future
liquidity purposes. There can be no assurances that the Company
will successfully conclude the announced plans to divest the
Argentine assets or deepwater Gulf of Mexico assets.   Debt ratings.The Company receives debt
credit ratings from Standard Poors Ratings
Group, Inc. SP and Moodys Investor
Services, Inc. Moodys, which are subject to
regular reviews. During the fourth quarter of 2005, SP cut
the Companys corporate credit rating to BB+ with a stable
outlook from BBB-. During January 2006, Moodys cut the
Companys corporate credit rating to Ba1 with a negative
outlook from Baa3. SP and Moodys consider many
factors in determining the Companys ratings including:
production growth opportunities, liquidity, debt levels and
asset and reserve mix. As a result of the downgrades, the
interest rate and fees the Company pays on the Amended Credit
Agreement have increased and additional debt covenant
requirements under the Amended Credit Agreement were triggered.
Subsequent to December31, 2005, as a result of the
Companys downgrades by the rating agencies, the Company
has issued or may be required to issue additional   
51 Table of Contents   letters of credits of approximately $73million pursuant to
agreements that contain provisions with rating triggers. The
individual downgrades are not expected to materially affect the
Companys financial position or liquidity, but could
negatively impact the Companys ability to obtain
additional financing or the interest rate and fees associated
with such additional financing.   Book capitalization and current
ratio.The Companys book capitalization
at December31, 2005 was $43billion, consisting of
debt of $21billion and stockholders equity of
$22billion. Consequently, the Companys debt to book
capitalization increased to 48percent at December31,
2005 from 46percent at December31, 2004. The
Companys ratio of current assets to current liabilities
was 60 to 100 at December31, 2005 as compared to 72 to
100 at December31, 2004. The decline in the
Companys ratio of current assets to current liabilities
was primarily due to its current derivative liabilities as a
result of higher commodity prices and current deferred revenue
as a result of the VPPs.   Critical
Accounting Estimates   The Company prepares its consolidated financial statements for
inclusion in this Report in accordance with GAAP. See
NoteB of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
included in Item8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data for a comprehensive discussion of the
Companys significant accounting policies. GAAP represents
a comprehensive set of accounting and disclosure rules and
requirements, the application of which requires management
judgments and estimates including, in certain circumstances,
choices between acceptable GAAP alternatives. Following is a
discussion of the Companys most critical accounting
estimates, judgments and uncertainties that are inherent in the
Companys application of GAAP.   Accounting for oil and gas producing
activities.The accounting for and disclosure
of oil and gas producing activities requires the Companys
management to choose between GAAP alternatives and to make
judgments about estimates of future uncertainties.   Asset retirement obligations.The
Company has significant obligations to remove tangible equipment
and facilities and to restore land or seabed at the end of oil
and gas production operations. The Companys removal and
restoration obligations are primarily associated with plugging
and abandoning wells and removing and disposing of offshore oil
and gas platforms. Estimating the future restoration and removal
costs is difficult and requires management to make estimates and
judgments because most of the removal obligations are many years
in the future and contracts and regulations often have vague
descriptions of what constitutes removal. Asset removal
technologies and costs are constantly changing, as are
regulatory, political, environmental, safety and public
relations considerations.   On January1, 2003, the Company adopted the provisions of
SFAS143. SFAS143 significantly changed the method of
accruing for costs an entity is legally obligated to incur
related to the retirement of fixed assets. SFAS143,
together with the related FASB Interpretation No47,
Accounting for Conditional Asset Retirement Obligations,
an Interpretation of FASB Statement No143
FIN47, requires the Company to record a
separate liability for the discounted present value of the
Companys asset retirement obligations, with an offsetting
increase to the related oil and gas properties on the balance
sheet.   Inherent in the present value calculation are numerous
assumptions and judgments including the ultimate settlement
amounts, inflation factors, credit adjusted discount rates,
timing of settlement, and changes in the legal, regulatory,
environmental and political environments. To the extent future
revisions to these assumptions impact the present value of the
existing asset retirement obligations, a corresponding
adjustment is made to the oil and gas property balance. See
NotesB and L of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
included in Item8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data for additional information regarding
the Companys asset retirement obligations.   Successful efforts method of
accounting.The Company utilizes the
successful efforts method of accounting for oil and gas
producing activities as opposed to the alternate acceptable full
cost method. In general, the Company believes that, during
periods of active exploration, net assets and net income are
more conservatively measured under the successful efforts method
of accounting for oil and gas producing activities than under
the full cost method. The critical difference between the
successful efforts method of accounting and the full cost method
is as follows: under the successful efforts method, exploratory
dry holes and geological and geophysical exploration   
52 Table of Contents   costs are charged against earnings during the periods in which
they occur; whereas, under the full cost method of accounting,
such costs and expenses are capitalized as assets, pooled with
the costs of successful wells and charged against the earnings
of future periods as a component of depletion expense. During
2005, 2004 and 2003, the Company recognized exploration,
abandonment, geological and geophysical expense from continuing
operations of $2668million, $1808million and
$1312million, respectively, under the successful efforts
method.   Proved reserve estimates.Estimates of
the Companys proved reserves included in this Report are
prepared in accordance with GAAP and SEC guidelines. The
accuracy of a reserve estimate is a function of   
the quality and quantity of available data   
the interpretation of that data   
the accuracy of various mandated economic assumptionsand   
the judgment of the persons preparing the estimate.   The Companys proved reserve information included in this
Report as of December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003 was prepared
by the Companys engineers and audited by independent
petroleum engineers with respect to the Companys major
properties. Estimates prepared by third parties may be higher or
lower than those included herein.   Because these estimates depend on many assumptions, all of which
may substantially differ from future actual results, reserve
estimates will be different from the quantities of oil and gas
that are ultimately recovered. In addition, results of drilling,
testing and production after the date of an estimate may
justify, positively or negatively, material revisions to the
estimate of proved reserves.   It should not be assumed that the Standardized Measure included
in this Report as of December31, 2005 is the current
market value of the Companys estimated proved reserves. In
accordance with SEC requirements, the Company based the
Standardized Measure on prices and costs on the date of the
estimate. Actual future prices and costs may be materially
higher or lower than the prices and costs as of the date of the
estimate. See Item1A.Risk Factors for
additional information regarding estimates of reserves and
future net revenues.   The Companys estimates of proved reserves materially
impact depletion expense. If the estimates of proved reserves
decline, the rate at which the Company records depletion expense
will increase, reducing future net income. Such a decline may
result from lower market prices, which may make it uneconomical
to drill for and produce higher cost fields. In addition, a
decline in proved reserve estimates may impact the outcome of
the Companys assessment of its oil and gas producing
properties and goodwill for impairment.   Impairment of proved oil and gas
properties.The Company reviews its
long-lived proved properties to be held and used whenever
management determines that events or circumstances indicate that
the recorded carrying value of the properties may not be
recoverable. Management assesses whether or not an impairment
provision is necessary based upon its outlook of future
commodity prices and net cash flows that may be generated by the
properties and if a significant downward revision has occurred
to the estimated proved reserves. Proved oil and gas properties
are reviewed for impairment at the level at which depletion of
proved properties is calculated.   Impairment of unproved oil and gas
properties.Management periodically assesses
unproved oil and gas properties for impairment, on a
project-by-project
basis. Managements assessment of the results of
exploration activities, commodity price outlooks, planned future
sales or expiration of all or a portion of such projects impacts
the amount and timing of impairment provisions, if any.   Suspended wells.The Company suspends
the costs of exploratory wells that discover hydrocarbons
pending a final determination of the commercial potential of the
oil and gas discovery. The ultimate disposition of these well
costs is dependent on the results of future drilling activity
and development decisions. If the Company decides not to pursue
additional appraisal activities or development of these fields,
the costs of these wells will be charged to exploration and
abandonment expense.   
53 Table of Contents   The Company generally does not carry the costs of drilling an
exploratory well as an asset in its Consolidated Balance Sheets
for more than one year following the completion of drilling
unless the exploratory well finds oil and gas reserves in an
area requiring a major capital expenditure and both of the
following conditions are met   iThe well has found a sufficient quantity of reserves to
justify its completion as a producing well.   iiThe Company is making sufficient progress assessing
the reserves and the economic and operating viability of the
project.   Due to the capital intensive nature and the geographical
location of certain Alaskan, deepwater Gulf of Mexico and
foreign projects, it may take the Company longer than one year
to evaluate the future potential of the exploration well and
economics associated with making a determination on its
commercial viability. In these instances, the projects
feasibility is not contingent upon price improvements or
advances in technology, but rather the Companys ongoing
efforts and expenditures related to accurately predicting the
hydrocarbon recoverability based on well information, gaining
access to other companies production, transportation or
processing facilities
and/or
getting partner approval to drill additional appraisal wells.
These activities are ongoing and being pursued constantly.
Consequently, the Companys assessment of suspended
exploratory well costs is continuous until a decision can be
made that the well has found proved reserves or is noncommercial
and is impaired. See NoteD of Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements included in Item8. Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data for additional
information regarding the Companys suspended exploratory
well costs.   Assessments of functional
currencies.Management determines the
functional currencies of the Companys subsidiaries based
on an assessment of the currency of the economic environment in
which a subsidiary primarily realizes and expends its operating
revenues, costs and expenses. The U.S.dollar is the
functional currency of all of the Companys international
operations except Canada. The assessment of functional
currencies can have a significant impact on periodic results of
operations and financial position.   Argentine economic and currency
measures.The accounting for and
remeasurement of the Companys Argentine balance sheets as
of December31, 2005 and 2004 reflect managements
assumptions regarding some uncertainties unique to
Argentinas current economic situation. The Argentine
economic and political situation continues to evolve and the
Argentine government may enact future regulations or policies
that, when finalized and adopted, may materially impact, among
other items, ithe realized prices the Company receives
for the commodities it produces and sells; iithe timing
of repatriations of excess cash flow to the Companys
corporate headquarters in the United States; iiithe
Companys asset valuations; and ivpeso-denominated
monetary assets and liabilities. See Item7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
and NoteB of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
included in Item8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data for a description of the assumptions
utilized in the preparation of these financial statements.   Deferred tax asset valuation
allowances.The Company continually assesses
both positive and negative evidence to determine whether it is
more likely than not that its deferred tax assets will be
realized prior to their expiration. Pioneer monitors
Company-specific, oil and gas industry and worldwide economic
factors and reassesses the likelihood that the Companys
net operating loss carryforwards and other deferred tax
attributes in each jurisdiction will be utilized prior to their
expiration. There can be no assurances that facts and
circumstances will not materially change and require the Company
to establish deferred tax asset valuation allowances in certain
jurisdictions in a future period. As of December31, 2005,
the Company does not believe there is sufficient positive
evidence to reverse its valuation allowances related to certain
foreign tax jurisdictions.   Goodwill impairment.The Company
reviews its goodwill for impairment at least annually. This
requires the Company to estimate the fair value of the assets
and liabilities of the reporting units that have goodwill. There
is considerable judgment involved in estimating fair values,
particularly proved reserve estimates as described above. See
NoteB of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
included in Item8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data for additional information.   Litigation and environmental
contingencies.The Company makes judgments
and estimates in recording liabilities for ongoing litigation
and environmental remediation. Actual costs can vary from such
estimates for a variety of reasons. The costs to settle
litigation can vary from estimates based on differing
interpretations of laws and opinions and assessments on the
amount of damages. Similarly, environmental remediation
liabilities are   
54 Table of Contents   subject to change because of changes in laws, regulations,
additional information obtained relating to the extent and
nature of site contamination and improvements in technology.
Under GAAP, a liability is recorded for these types of
contingencies if the Company determines the loss to be both
probable and reasonably estimated. See NoteI of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for additional
information regarding the Companys commitments and
contingencies.   New
Accounting Pronouncements   The following discussions provide information about new
accounting pronouncements that have been issued by the Financial
Accounting Standards Board FASB   SFAS123R.In December 2004, the
FASB issued SFASNo123 revised 2004,
Share-Based Payment SFAS123R,
which is a revision of SFASNo123, Accounting
for Stock-Based Compensation SFAS123.
SFAS123R supersedes Accounting Principles
BulletinOpinion No25, Accounting for Stock
Issued to Employees APB25 and amends
SFASNo95, Statement of Cash Flows.
Generally, the approach in SFAS123R is similar to the
approach described in SFAS123. However, SFAS123R
will require all share-based payments to employees, including
grants of employee stock options, to be recognized as
stock-based compensation expense in the Companys
Consolidated Statements of Operations based on their fair
values. Pro forma disclosure is no longer an alternative.   SFAS123R must be adopted no later than January1,
2006 and permits public companies to adopt its requirements
using one of two methods   
A modified prospective method in which compensation
cost is recognized beginning with the effective date based on
the requirements of SFAS123R for all share-based
payments granted after the adoption date and based on the
requirements of SFAS123 for all awards granted to
employees prior to the effective date of SFAS123R that
remain unvested on the adoption date.   
A modified retrospective method which includes the
requirements of the modified prospective method described above,
but also permits entities to restate either all prior periods
presented or prior interim periods of the year of adoption based
on the amounts previously recognized under SFAS123 for
purposes of pro forma disclosures.   The Company adopted the provisions of SFAS123R on
January1, 2006 using the modified prospective method.   As permitted by SFAS123, the Company accounted for
share-based payments to employees prior to January1, 2006
using the intrinsic value method prescribed by APB25 and
related interpretations. As such, the Company generally did not
recognize compensation expense associated with employee stock
option grants. The Company has not issued stock options to
employees since 2003. Consequently, the adoption of
SFAS123Rs fair value method will not have a
significant impact on the Companys future result of
operations or financial position. Had the Company adopted
SFAS123R in prior periods, the impact would have
approximated the impact of SFAS123 as described in the pro
forma disclosures in NoteB of Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements included in
Item8.Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data. The adoption of SFAS123R will have no effect
on future results of operations related to the Companys
unvested outstanding restricted stock awards. The Company
estimates that the adoption of SFAS123R, based on
estimated outstanding unvested stock options, will result in
compensation charges of approximately $10million during
2006.   The Companys ESPP that allows eligible employees to
annually purchase the Companys common stock at a discount.
The provisions of SFAS123R will cause the ESPP to be a
compensatory plan. However, the change in accounting for the
ESPP is not expected to have a material impact on the
Companys financial position, future results of operations
or liquidity. Historically, the ESPP compensatory amounts have
been nominal. See NoteH of Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements in Item8.Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data for additional information regarding
the ESPP.   SFAS123R also requires that tax benefits in excess of
recognized compensation expenses be reported as a financing cash
flow, rather than an operating cash flow as required under prior
literature. This requirement may   
55 Table of Contents   serve to reduce the Companys future cash flows from
operating activities and increase future cash flows from
financing activities, to the extent of associated tax benefits
that may be realized in the future.   FIN47.In March 2005, the FASB
issued FIN47. FIN47 clarifies that conditional asset
retirement obligations meet the definition of liabilities and
should be recognized when incurred if their fair values can be
reasonably estimated. The Company adopted the provisions of
FIN47 effective on December31, 2005. The adoption of
FIN47 had no impact on the Companys financial
position or results of operations.   FSP
FAS19-1.In
April 2005, the FASB issued Staff Position
No.FAS19-1,
Accounting for Suspended Well Costs FSP
FAS19-1.
FSP
FAS19-1
amended SFASNo19, Financial Accounting and
Reporting by Oil and Gas Producing Companies
SFAS19, to allow continued capitalization of
exploratory well costs beyond one year from the completion of
drilling under circumstances where the well has found a
sufficient quantity of reserves to justify its completion as a
producing well and the enterprise is making sufficient progress
assessing the reserves and the economic and operating viability
of the project. FSP
FAS19-1
also amended SFAS19 to require enhanced disclosures of
suspended exploratory well costs in the notes to the
consolidated financial statements. The Company adopted the new
requirements during the second quarter of 2005. See NoteD
of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in
Item8.Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data for additional information regarding the
Companys exploratory well costs. The adoption of FSP
FAS19-1
did not impact the Companys consolidated financial
position or results of operations.   
ITEM7A.
QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   The following quantitative and qualitative information is
provided about financial instruments to which the Company was a
party as of December31, 2005 and 2004, and from which the
Company may incur future gains or losses from changes in market
interest rates, foreign exchange rates or commodity prices.
Although certain derivative contracts to which the Company has
been a party to did not qualify as hedges, the Company does not
enter into derivative or other financial instruments for trading
purposes.   The fair value of the Companys derivative contracts are
determined based on counterparties estimates and valuation
models. The Company did not change its valuation method during
2005. During 2005, the Company was a party to commodity,
interest rate and foreign exchange rate swap contracts and
commodity collar contracts. See NoteJ of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for additional
information regarding the Companys derivative contracts,
including deferred gains and losses on terminated derivative
contracts. The following table reconciles the changes that
occurred in the fair values of the Companys open
derivative contracts during 2005   	
Derivative Contract
Liabilities   Foreign
Interest
Exchange
Commodity   Rate   Rate   Total   In thousands   Fair value of contracts
outstanding as of December31, 2004
406,546                  406,546     Changes in contract fair valuesa
872,808     4,614     43     877,465     Contract maturities
497,474     43   497,517   Contract terminations
33,403   4,614     38,017   Fair value of contracts
outstanding as of December31, 2005
748,477                  748,477     
a 
At inception, new derivative contracts entered into by the
Company have no intrinsic value.   Quantitative
Disclosures   Foreign exchange rate sensitivity.From
time-to-time,
the Companys Canadian subsidiary enters into short-term
forward currency agreements to purchase Canadian dollars with
U.S.dollar gas sales proceeds. The Company does not
designate these derivatives as hedges due to their short-term
nature. There were no outstanding forward currency agreements at
December31, 2005.   
56 Table of Contents   Interest rate sensitivity.The
following tables provide information about other financial
instruments to which the Company was a party as of
December31, 2005 and 2004 and that were sensitive to
changes in interest rates. For debt obligations, the tables
present maturities by expected maturity dates, the weighted
average interest rates expected to be paid on the debt given
current contractual terms and market conditions and the
debts estimated fair value. For fixed rate debt, the
weighted average interest rate represents the contractual fixed
rates that the Company was obligated to periodically pay on the
debt as of December31, 2005 and 2004. For variable rate
debt, the average interest rate represents the average rates
being paid on the debt projected forward proportionate to the
forward yield curve for LIBOR on February15, 2006. As of
December31, 2005, the Company was not a party to material
derivatives that would subject it to interest rate sensitivity.   Interest
Rate Sensitivity
Debt Obligations as of December31, 2005   	
Liability
Fair Value at
Year Ending
December31   December31,
2006   2007   2008   2009   2010   Thereafter   Total   2005   In thousands, except interest
rates   Total Debt   Fixed rate principal maturitiesa
32,075     350,000               882,985     1,265,060     1,369,404     Weighted average interest
rate%
631   629   616   616   616   616   Variable rate maturities
900,000          900,000     900,000     Average interest rate%
588   600   602   610   616     
a 
Represents maturities of principal amounts excluding
idebt issuance discounts and premiums and
iideferred fair value hedge gains and losses.   Interest
Rate Sensitivity
Debt Obligations as of December31, 2004   	
Liability
Fair Value at
Year Ending
December31   December31,
2005   2006   2007   2008   2009   Thereafter   Total   2004   In thousands, except interest
rates   Total Debt   Fixed rate principal maturitiesa
130,950          32,075     350,000          1,151,579     1,664,604     1,846,110     Weighted average interest
rate%
646   640   639   704   704   704   Variable rate maturities
800,000          28,000               828,000     828,000     Average interest rate%
389   477   513   549        
a 
Represents maturities of principal amounts excluding
idebt issuance discounts and premiums and
iideferred fair value hedge gains and losses.   Commodity price sensitivity.The
following tables provide information about the Companys
oil and gas derivative financial instruments that were sensitive
to changes in oil and gas prices as of December31, 2005
and 2004. As of December31, 2005 and 2004, all of the
Companys oil and gas derivative financial instruments
qualified as hedges.   Commodity hedge instruments.The
Company hedges commodity price risk with derivative contracts,
such as swap and collar contracts. Swap contracts provide a
fixed price for a notional amount of sales volumes. Collar
contracts provide minimum floor and maximum
ceiling prices for the Company on a notional
amount of sales volumes, thereby allowing some price
participation if the relevant index price closes above the floor
price.   
57 Table of Contents   See NotesB, E and J of Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements included in Item8. Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data for a description of the accounting
procedures followed by the Company relative to hedge derivative
financial instruments and for specific information regarding the
terms of the Companys derivative financial instruments
that are sensitive to changes in oil or gas prices.   Oil Price
Sensitivity
Derivative Financial Instruments as of December31,
2005   	
Liability
Fair Value at
Year Ending
December31   December31,
2006   2007   2008   2005   In thousands   Oil Hedge Derivatives   Average daily notional Bbl
volumesa:
Swap contractsb
10,000   13,000   17,000     441,189     Weighted average fixed price per Bbl
3169     3089     2921   Collar contractsb
9,129   4,500        21,879     Weighted average ceiling price per
Bbl
7492     9043        Weighted average floor price per Bbl
4425     5000        Average forward NYMEX oil pricesc
6272     6552     6484   
a
See NoteJ of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for hedge
volumes and weighted average prices by calendar quarter.
b
Subsequent to December31,
2005, the Company reduced its oil hedge positions by terminating
the following oil swap and collar contracts:
i2,000BPD of March through December 2006 swap
contracts with a fixed price of $2629 per Bbl; 1,000BPD
of calendar 2007 swap contracts with a fixed price of $3100 per
Bbl; and 2,000BPD of calendar 2008 swap contracts with a
fixed price of $3000 per Bbl andii2,000BPD
of March through December 2006 collar contracts having a floor
price of $5000 per Bbl and a ceiling price of $9625 per Bbl
and 2,500BPD of calendar 2007 collar contracts having a
floor price of $5000 and ceiling prices of $9118 per Bbl. The
aggregate fair value of the terminated oil swap and collar
contracts represented a liability of $635million on the
dates of termination.
c
The average forward NYMEX oil
prices are based on February15, 2006 market quotes.
Oil Price
Sensitivity
Derivative Financial Instruments as of December31,
2004   	
Liability
Fair Value at
Year Ending
December31   December31,
2005   2006   2007   2008   2009   2010   2011   2012   2004   In thousands   Oil Hedge Derivatives   Average daily notional Bbl volumes:
Swap contractsa
27,000   14,500   17,000   21,000   3,500   1,000   2,000   2,000     261,111     Weighted average fixed price per Bbl
2797     3412     3259     3072     3648     3610     3593     3586   Collar contracts
3,500                    2,278     Weighted average ceiling price per
Bbl
4195                                 Weighted average floor price per Bbl
3500                                 Average forward NYMEX oil pricesb
4858     4526     4308     4101     4036     3991     3971     3951   
a
Subsequent to December31,
2004, the Company conveyed to the purchaser of the January VPPs
the following oil swap contracts which were included in the
schedule above: i4,500Bbls per day of 2006 oil
sales at a weighted average fixed price per Bbl of $3953,
ii4,000Bbls per day of 2007 oil sales at a
weighted average fixed price per Bbl of $3814, iii4,000
Bbls per day of 2008 oil sales at a weighted average fixed price
per Bbl of $3715, iv3,500Bbls per day of 2009 oil
sales at a weighted average fixed price per Bbl of
58 Table of Contents   
$3648, v1,000Bbls
per day of 2010 oil sales at a weighted average fixed price per
Bbl of $3610, vi2,000Bbls per day of 2011 oil
sales at a weighted average fixed price per Bbl of $3593 and
vii2,000Bbls per day of 2012 oil sales at a
weighted average fixed price per Bbl of $3586.
b
The average forward NYMEX oil
prices are based on February18, 2005 market quotes.
Gas Price
Sensitivity
Derivative Financial Instruments as of December31,
2005   	
Liability
Fair Value at
Year Ending
December31   December31,
2006   2007   2008   2005   In thousands   Gas Hedge
Derivativesa   Average daily notional MMBtu
volumesb:
Swap contracts
73,842   29,195   5,000     213,543     Weighted average fixed price per
MMBtu
430     428     538   Collar contractsc
183,685   215,000        71,866     Weighted average ceiling price per
MMBtu
1376     1184        Weighted average floor price per
MMBtu
662     657        Average forward NYMEX gas pricesd
781     899     876   
a
To minimize basis risk, the Company
enters into basis swaps for a portion of its gas hedges to
convert the index price of the hedging instrument from a NYMEX
index to an index which reflects the geographic area of
production. The Company considers these basis swaps as part of
the associated swap and collar contracts and, accordingly, the
effects of the basis swaps have been presented together with the
associated contracts.
b
See NoteJ of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for hedge
volumes and weighted average prices by calendar quarter.
c
Subsequent to December31,
2005, the Company reduced its gas hedge positions by terminating
the following gas collar contracts which were included in the
table above: 65,000MMBtu per day of April through December
2006 gas sales at a weighted average floor price per MMBtu of
$674 and a weighted average ceiling price per MMBtu of $1401.
The aggregate fair value of the terminated gas collar contracts
represented an asset of $41million on the dates of
termination.
d
The average forward NYMEX gas
prices are based on February15, 2006 market quotes.
Gas Price
Sensitivity
Derivative Financial Instruments as of December31,
2004   	
Liability
Fair Value at
Year Ending
December31   December31,
2005   2006   2007   2008   2009   2004   In thousands   Gas Hedge
Derivativesa   Average daily notional MMBtu
volumes:
Swap contractsb
284,055   103,534   55,000   30,000   25,000     142,858     Weighted average fixed price per
MMBtu
522     468     469     506     472   Collar contracts
5,000             299     Weighted average ceiling price per
MMBtu
715                  Weighted average floor price per
MMBtu
525                  Average forward NYMEX gas pricesc
629     647     614     581     550   
a
To minimize basis risk, the Company
enters into basis swaps for a portion of its gas hedges to
convert the index price of the hedging instrument from a NYMEX
index to an index which reflects the geographic area of
production. The Company considers these basis swaps as part of
the associated swap and collar contracts and, accordingly, the
effects of the basis swaps have been presented together with the
associated contracts.
b
Subsequent to December31,
2004, the Company conveyed to the purchaser of the January VPPs
the following gas swap contracts which were included in the
table above: i9,151MMBtu per day 2005 gas sales at
a weighted average fixed price per MMBtu of $617,
ii33,534MMBtu per day 2006 gas sales at a weighted
average fixed price per MMBtu of $578,
iii30,000MMBtu per day 2007 gas
59 Table of Contents   
sales at a weighted average fixed
price per MMBtu of $532, iv25,000MMBtu per day
2008 gas sales at a weighted average fixed price per MMBtu of
$500 and v25,000MMBtu per day of 2009 gas sales
at a weighted average fixed price per MMBtu of $472.
c
The average forward NYMEX gas
prices are based on February18, 2005 market quotes.
Qualitative
Disclosures   Non-derivative financial
instruments.The Company is a borrower under
fixed rate and variable rate debt instruments that give rise to
interest rate risk. The Companys objective in borrowing
under fixed or variable rate debt is to satisfy capital
requirements while minimizing the Companys costs of
capital. See NoteF of Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements included in Item8. Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data for a discussion of the
Companys debt instruments.   Derivative financial instruments.The
Company utilizes interest rate, foreign exchange rate and
commodity price derivative contracts to hedge interest rate,
foreign exchange rate and commodity price risks in accordance
with policies and guidelines approved by the Board. In
accordance with those policies and guidelines, the
Companys executive management determines the appropriate
timing and extent of hedge transactions.   Foreign currency, operations and price
risk.International investments represent,
and are expected to continue to represent, a significant portion
of the Companys total assets. Pioneer currently has
international operations in Africa, Argentina and Canada, which
represent nine, eight and five percent of the Companys
2005 oil and gas revenues, respectively. Pioneer continues to
identify and evaluate other international opportunities. As a
result of such foreign operations, Pioneers financial
results could be affected by factors such as changes in foreign
currency exchange rates, weak economic conditions or changes in
political climates in these foreign countries.   The Companys international operations may be adversely
affected by political and economic instability, changes in the
legal and regulatory environment and other factors. For example   
local political and economic developments could restrict or
increase the cost of Pioneers foreign operations   
exchange controls and currency fluctuations could result in
financial losses   
royalty and tax increases and retroactive tax claims could
increase costs of Pioneers foreign operations   
expropriation of the Companys property could result in
loss of revenue, property and equipment   
civil uprising, riots, terrorist attacks and wars could make it
impractical to continue operations, resulting in financial
losses   
import and export regulations and other foreign laws or policies
could result in loss of revenues   
repatriation levels for export revenues could restrict the
availability of cash to fund operations outside a particular
foreign countryand   
laws and policies of the U.S.affecting foreign trade,
taxation and investment could restrict Pioneers ability to
fund foreign operations or may make foreign operations more
costly.   Pioneer does not currently maintain political risk insurance.
Pioneer evaluates on a
country-by-country
basis whether obtaining political risk coverage is necessary and
may add such insurance in the future if the Company believes it
is prudent.   Africa.Pioneers operations in
Africa are in Equatorial Guinea, Nigeria, South Africa and
Tunisia. The Company views the operating environment in these
African nations as stable and the economic stability as good.
While the values of the various African nations currencies
do fluctuate in relation to the U.S.dollar, the Company
believes that any currency risk associated with Pioneers
African operations would not have a material impact on the
Companys results of operations given that such operations
are closely tied to oil prices which are denominated in
U.S.dollars.   Argentina.During the decade of the
1990s, Argentinas government pursued free market policies,
including the privatization of state-owned companies,
deregulation of the oil and gas industry, tax reforms to
equalize tax rates for domestic and foreign investors,
liberalization of import and export laws and the lifting of
exchange controls. The cornerstone of these reforms was the 1991
convertibility law that established an exchange rate of one
Argentine   
60 Table of Contents   peso to one U.S.dollar. These policies were successful as
evidenced by the elimination of inflation and substantial
economic growth during the early to mid-1990s. However,
throughout the decade, the Argentine government failed to
balance its fiscal budget, repeatedly incurring significant
fiscal deficits such that by the end of 2001 Argentina had
accumulated $130billion of debt.   During 2001, Argentina found itself in a critical economic
situation with the combination of high levels of external
indebtedness, a financial and banking system in crisis, a
country risk rating that had reached levels beyond the
historical norm, a high level of unemployment and an economic
contraction that had lasted four years.   Late in 2001, the country was unable to obtain additional
funding from the International Monetary Fund. Economic
instability increased, resulting in substantial withdrawals of
cash from the Argentine banking system over a short period of
time. The government was forced to implement monetary
restrictions and placed limitations on the transfer of funds out
of the country without the authorization of the Central Bank of
the Republic of Argentina. President De la Rua and his entire
administration were forced to resign in the face of public
dissatisfaction. After his resignation in December 2001, there
was, for a few weeks, a revolving door of presidents that were
appointed to office by Argentinas Congress, but quickly
resigned in reaction to public outcry. Eduardo Duhalde was
appointed President of Argentina in January 2002 to hold office
until the 2003 Presidential election.   In January 2002, the government defaulted on a significant
portion of Argentinas $130billion of debt and the
national Congress passed Emergency Law 25,561, which, among
other things, overturned the long standing, but unsustainable,
convertibility plan. The government adopted a floating rate of
exchange in February 2002. Two specific provisions of the
Emergency Law directly impact the Company. First, a tax on the
value of hydrocarbon exports was established effective
March1, 2002. The second provision was the requirement
that domestic commercial transactions, or contracts, for sales
in Argentina that were previously denominated in
U.S.dollars be converted to pesos i.e., pesofication at
an exchange rate to be negotiated between sellers and buyers.
Furthermore, the government placed a price freeze on gas prices
at the wellhead. With the price of gas pesofied and frozen, the
U.S.dollar-equivalent price of gas in Argentina fell in
direct proportion to the level of devaluation.   The abandonment of the convertibility plan and the decision to
allow the peso to float in international exchange markets
resulted in significant devaluation of the peso. By
September30, 2002, the
peso-to-U.S.dollar
exchange rate had increased from 1:1 to 374:1. However, since
the end of the third quarter of 2002, Argentinas economy
has shown signs of stabilization. At December31, 2005, the
peso-to-U.S.dollar
exchange rate was 303:1.   In Argentina, unlike Pioneers other operating areas, there
have been significant factors that have kept the commodity
prices, in general, below those of the world markets and may
continue to do so. The following is a discussion of the matters
affecting Argentine commodity prices   
Oil PricesIn January 2002, the
Argentine government devalued the peso and enacted an emergency
law that, in part, required certain contracts that were
previously payable in U.S.dollars to be payable in pesos.
Subsequently, in February 2002, the Argentine government
announced a 20percent tax on oil exports, effective
March1, 2002. The tax is limited by law to a term of no
more than five years. The export tax is not deducted in the
calculation of royalty payments. Domestic Argentine oil sales,
while valued in U.S.dollars, are now being paid in pesos.
Export oil sales continue to be valued and paid in
U.S.dollars.   In January 2003, at the Argentine governments request, oil
producers and refiners agreed to cap amounts payable for certain
domestic sales at $2850per Bbl which remained in effect
through April 2004. The producers and refiners further agreed
that the difference between the actual price and the capped
price would be payable once actual prices fall below the $2850
cap. Subsequently the terms were modified such that while the
$2850per Bbl payable cap was in place, the refiners would
have no obligation to pay producers for sales values that
exceeded $3600per Bbl. Initially, the refiners and
producers also agreed to discount U.S.dollar-denominated
oil prices at 90percent prior to converting to pesos at
the current exchange rate for the purpose of invoicing and
settling oil sales to Argentine refiners. In May 2004, refiners
and producers changed the discount percentage from
90percent for all price levels to 86percent if WTI
was equal to or less   
61 Table of Contents   than $36 per Bbl and 80percent if WTI exceeded
$36per Bbl. All the oil prices are adjusted for normal
quality differentials prior to applying the discount.   In May 2004, the Argentine government increased the export tax
from 20percent to 25percent. This tax is applied on
the sales value after the tax, thus, the net effect of the
20percent and 25percent rates is 167percent
and 20percent, respectively. In August 2004, the Argentine
government further increased the export tax rates for oil
exports. The export tax now escalates from the current
25percent 20percent effective rate to a maximum
rate of 45percent 31percent effective rate of the
realized value for exported Bbls as WTI prices per Bbl increase
from less than $3200 to $4500 and above.   On December24, 2004, the Secretary of Energy issued
Administrative Resolution 1679/2004, in order to alleviate
shortages in domestic diesel markets by insuring adequate oil
supplies to Argentine refiners. The terms of the resolution
require producers to submit evidence to the Secretary of Energy
that its oil to be exported has been offered to domestic
refiners prior to the governments issuance of export
permission.   During 2003, the Company exported approximately five percent of
its Argentine oil production. Associated therewith, the Company
incurred oil export taxes of $12million for 2003. During
2004 and 2005, the Company did not export any of its Argentine
oil production. As noted above, the export tax has also had the
effect of decreasing internal Argentine oil revenues not only
export revenues by the taxes levied. The U.S.dollar
equivalent value for domestic Argentine oil sales has generally
moved toward parity with the U.S.dollar-denominated export
values, net of the export tax. The adverse impact of this tax
has been partially offset by the net cost savings resulting from
the devaluation of the peso on peso-denominated costs such as
labor. Given the number of governmental changes during 2005
affecting the realized price the Company receives for its oil
sales, no specific predictions can be made about the future of
oil prices in Argentina. However, the Company expects Argentine
oil realizations to continue to be less than oil realizations in
the United States.   
Gas PricesThe Company sells its
gas to Argentine customers pursuant to apeso-denominated
contracts, blong-term dollar-denominated contracts and
cspot market sales. As a result of the economic
emergency law enacted by the Argentine government in January
2002, the Companys gas prices, expressed in
U.S.dollars, have fallen in proportion to the devaluation
of the Argentine peso since the end of 2001 due to the
pesofication of contracts and the freezing of gas prices at the
wellhead required by that law. As a baseline, the Companys
2001 realized gas price was $131per Mcf as compared to
$88, $66 and $56 in 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively.   The unfavorable gas price has acted to discourage gas
development activities and increased gas demand. Without
development of gas reserves in Argentina, supplies of gas in the
country have declined, while demand for gas has been increasing
due to the resurgence of the Argentine economy and the higher
cost of alternative fuels. During 2004, gas exports to Chile
were curtailed at the direction of the Argentine government and
Argentina entered into an agreement to import gas from Bolivia
at prices starting at approximately $200per Mcf at the
border, including transportation costs. In May 2004, pursuant
to a decree, the Argentine government approved measures to
permit producers to renegotiate gas sales contracts, excluding
those that could affect small residential customers, in
accordance with scheduled price increases specified in the
decree. The wellhead prices in the decree increased from a 2004
range of $61 to $78per Mcf to a range of $87 to
$104per Mcf after July 2005, depending on the region
where the gas is produced. No further gas price increases beyond
July 2005 have occurred. Other than an expectation that gas
prices will be permitted to increase gradually over time, as has
already been demonstrated by the governing authorities, no
specific predictions can be made about the future of gas prices
in Argentina. However, the Company expects Argentine gas
realizations to be less than gas realizations in the United
States.   62 Table of Contents   Canada.The Company views the operating
environment in Canada as stable and the economic stability as
good. A portion of the Companys Canadian revenues and
substantially all of its costs are denominated in Canadian
dollars. While the value of the Canadian dollar does fluctuate
in relation to the U.S.dollar, the Company believes that
any currency risk associated with its Canadian operations would
not have a material impact on the Companys results of
operations.   As of December31, 2005, the Companys primary risk
exposures associated with financial instruments to which it is a
party include oil and gas price volatility, volatility in the
exchange rates of the Canadian dollar and Argentine peso vis
vis the U.S.dollar and interest rate volatility.
The Companys primary risk exposures associated with
financial instruments have not changed significantly since
December31, 2005.   
63 Table of Contents   
ITEM8.
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA   Index to
Consolidated Financial Statements   	
Page   Consolidated Financial Statements
of Pioneer Natural Resources Company:
Report of
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
65   Consolidated
Balance Sheets as of December31, 2005 and 2004
66   Consolidated
Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003
67   Consolidated
Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended
December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003
68   Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003
69   Consolidated
Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended
December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003
70   Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements
71   Unaudited
Supplementary Information
116   
64 Table of Contents   REPORT OF
INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM   The Board of Directors and Stockholders of   Pioneer Natural Resources Company   We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of
Pioneer Natural Resources Company the Company as
of December31, 2005 and 2004, and the related consolidated
statements of operations, stockholders equity, cash flows
and comprehensive income for each of the three years in the
period ended December31, 2005. These financial statements
are the responsibility of the Companys management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audits.   We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.   In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred
to above present fairly, in all material respects, the
consolidated financial position of the Company at
December31, 2005 and 2004, and the consolidated results of
their operations and their cash flows for each of the three
years in the period ended December31, 2005, in conformity
with U.S.generally accepted accounting principles.   We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the
effectiveness of the Companys internal control over
financial reporting as of December31, 2005, based on
criteria established in Internal
ControlIntegrated Framework issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
and our report dated February15, 2006 expressed an
unqualified opinion thereon.   As discussed in NoteB to the consolidated financial
statements, in 2003 the Company adopted Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No143, Accounting for Asset
Retirement Obligations.   Ernst
Young LLP
Dallas, Texas   February15, 2006   
65 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY   CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS   In thousands, except share
data   	
December31   2005   2004   ASSETS   Current assets:
Cash and cash equivalents
18,802     7,257   Accounts receivable:
Trade, net of allowance for
doubtful accounts of $5,736 and $5,409 as of
December31, 2005 and 2004, respectively
336,062   209,297   Due from affiliates
1,596   639   Inventories
79,659   40,332   Prepaid expenses
18,091   10,822   Deferred income taxes
158,878   115,206   Other current assets:
Derivatives
1,246   209   Other, net of allowance for
doubtful accounts of $6,425 as of December31, 2005 and 2004
9,470   9,663   Total current assets
623,804   393,425   Property, plant and equipment, at
cost:
Oil and gas properties, using the
successful efforts method of accounting:
Proved properties
8,499,253   7,663,446   Unproved properties
313,881   461,170   Accumulated depletion, depreciation
and amortization
2,577,946     2,243,549     Total property, plant and equipment
6,235,188   5,881,067   Deferred income taxes
2,963   Goodwill
311,651   320,900   Other property and equipment, net
90,010   78,696   Other assets:
Derivatives
1,048     Other, net of allowance for
doubtful accounts of $92 as of December31, 2005 and 2004
67,533   56,436     7,329,234     6,733,487   LIABILITIES AND
STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY   Current liabilities:
Accounts payable:
Trade
330,151     205,153   Due to affiliates
15,053   10,898   Interest payable
40,314   45,735   Income taxes payable
22,470   13,520   Other current liabilities:
Derivatives
320,098   224,612   Deferred revenue
190,327     Other
114,942   44,541   Total current liabilities
1,033,355   544,459   Long-term debt
2,058,412   2,385,950   Derivatives
431,543   182,803   Deferred income taxes
767,329   612,435   Deferred revenue
664,511     Other liabilities and minority
interests
156,982   176,060   Stockholders equity:
Common stock, $01par value;
500,000,000shares authorized; 146,956,473
and 145,644,828shares issued at December31, 2005 and
2004, respectively
1,470   1,456   Additional paid-in capital
3,775,794   3,705,286   Treasury stock, at cost; 18,368,109
and 813,166shares at December31, 2005 and 2004,
respectively
882,382     27,793     Deferred compensation
45,827     22,558     Accumulated deficit
184,320     634,146     Accumulated other comprehensive
income loss:
Net deferred hedge losses, net of
tax
506,636     241,350     Cumulative translation adjustment
59,003   50,885   Total stockholders equity
2,217,102   2,831,780   Commitments and contingencies
7,329,234     6,733,487   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements.   
66 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   In thousands, except per share data   	
Year Ended
December31   2005   2004   2003   Revenues and other income:
Oil and gas
2,215,677     1,767,371     1,208,621   Interest and other
97,050   14,074   12,292   Gain on disposition of assets, net
60,496   39   1,256   2,373,223   1,781,484   1,222,169   Costs and expenses:
Oil and gas production
449,320   316,107   228,183   Depletion, depreciation and
amortization
568,018   556,264   374,295   Impairment of long-lived assets
644   39,684     Exploration and abandonments
266,751   180,750   131,192   General and administrative
124,556   80,302   60,322   Accretion of discount on asset
retirement obligations
7,876   8,210   5,040   Interest
127,787   103,387   91,388   Other
112,812   33,687   21,320   1,657,764   1,318,391   911,740   Income from continuing operations
before income taxes and cumulative effect of change in
accounting principle
715,459   463,093   310,429   Income tax benefit provision
291,728     164,164     67,368   Income from continuing operations
before cumulative effective of change in accounting principle
423,731   298,929   377,797   Income from discontinued
operations, net of tax
110,837   13,925   17,382   Income before cumulative effect of
change in accounting principle
534,568   312,854   395,179   Cumulative effect of change in
accounting principle, net of tax
15,413   Net income
534,568     312,854     410,592   Basic earnings per share:
Income from continuing operations
before cumulative effect of change in accounting principle
309     239     322   Income from discontinued
operations, net of tax
81   11   15   Cumulative effect of change in
accounting principle, net of tax
13   Net income
390     250     350   Diluted earnings per share:
Income from continuing operations
before cumulative effect of change in accounting principle
302     235     319   Income from discontinued
operations, net of tax
78   11   14   Cumulative effect of change in
accounting principle, net of tax
13   Net income
380     246     346   Weighted average shares outstanding:
Basic
137,110   125,156   117,185   Diluted
141,417   127,488   118,513   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements.   
67 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY   In thousands, except dividends per share   	
Accumulated Other
Comprehensive
Income Loss   Net Deferred
Hedge
Additional
Gains
Cumulative
Total
Common
Paid-in
Treasury
Deferred
Accumulated
Losses,
Translation
Stockholders
Stock   Capital   Stock   Compensation   Deficit   Net of Tax   Adjustment   Equity   Balance as of January1, 2003
1,196     2,714,567     32,219        14,292        1,298,440        9,555     5,470        1,374,897   Exercise of long-term incentive
plan stock options and employee stock purchases
1   4,100   29,183             33,284   Purchase of treasury stock
2,349               2,349     Tax benefits related to stock-based
compensation
14,666               14,666   Deferred compensation:
Compensation deferred
1,070     1,070               Deferred compensation included in
net income
5,429          5,429   Net income
410,592        410,592   Other comprehensive income loss:
Net deferred hedge losses, net of
tax:
Net deferred hedge losses
282,165        282,165     Net hedge losses included in net
income
117,416     117,416   Tax benefits related to net hedge
losses
51,064     51,064   Translation adjustment
36,938   36,938   Balance as of December31, 2003
1,197   2,734,403   5,385     9,933     887,848     104,130     31,468   1,759,772   Acquisition of Evergreen Resources,
Inc.
254   947,334     6,001             941,587   Dividends declared $20per
common share
26,557          26,557     Exercise of long-term incentive
plan stock options and employee stock purchases
2,185     69,848     32,595          35,068   Purchase of treasury stock
92,256               92,256     Tax benefits related to stock-based
compensation
6,612               6,612   Deferred compensation:
Compensation deferred
5   19,122     19,127               Deferred compensation included in
net income
12,503          12,503   Net income
312,854        312,854   Other comprehensive income loss:
Net deferred hedge losses, net of
tax:
Net deferred hedge losses
443,318        443,318     Net hedge losses included in net
income
232,758     232,758   Tax benefits related to net hedge
losses
73,340     73,340   Translation adjustment
19,417   19,417   Balance as of December31, 2004
1,456   3,705,286   27,793     22,558     634,146     241,350     50,885   2,831,780   Dividends declared $22per
common share
30,339          30,339     Exercise of long-term incentive
plan stock options and employee stock purchases
1,310   94,670     54,403          41,577   Purchase of treasury stock
949,259               949,259     Tax benefits related to stock-based
compensation
18,752               18,752   Deferred compensation:
Compensation deferred
14   56,146     56,160               Deferred compensation included in
net income
26,857          26,857   Forfeitures of deferred compensation
5,700        6,034          334   Net income
534,568        534,568   Other comprehensive income loss:
Net deferred hedge losses, net of
tax:
Net deferred hedge losses
863,439        863,439     Net hedge losses included in net
income
431,581     431,581   Tax benefits related to net hedge
losses
166,572     166,572   Translation adjustment
8,118   8,118   Balance as of December31, 2005
1,470     3,775,794     882,382        45,827        184,320        506,636        59,003     2,217,102   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements.   
68 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY   CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   In thousands   	
Year Ended
December31   2005   2004   2003   Cash flows from operating
activities:
Net income
534,568     312,854     410,592   Adjustments to reconcile net income
to net cash provided by operating activities:
Depletion, depreciation and
amortization
568,018   556,264   374,295   Impairment of long-lived assets
644   39,684     Exploration expenses, including dry
holes
147,897   93,063   70,659   Deferred income taxes
236,586   138,877   78,553     Gain on disposition of assets, net
60,496     39     1,256     Loss gain on extinguishment of
debt
25,975   95     1,457   Accretion of discount on asset
retirement obligations
7,876   8,210   5,040   Discontinued operations
84,098     21,587   20,971   Interest expense
6,093   12,208     20,610     Commodity hedge related activity
21,237   45,102     71,816     Cumulative effect of change in
accounting principle, net of tax
15,413     Amortization of stock-based
compensation
26,857   12,503   5,429   Amortization of deferred revenue
75,773          Other noncash items
22,030   17,008   3,509   Change in operating assets and
liabilities, net of effects from acquisition and disposition:
Accounts receivable, net
128,015     73,376     10,983     Inventories
36,948     14,025     7,734     Prepaid expenses
7,504     974   5,598     Other current assets, net
226     262   602     Accounts payable
102,116   250   58,603   Interest payable
7,115     5,533   424     Income taxes payable
8,950   3,372   5,928   Other current liabilities
13,362     14,037     5,385     Net cash provided by operating
activities
1,295,310   1,051,559   738,109   Cash flows from investing
activities:
Payments for acquisition, net of
cash acquired
965     880,365        Proceeds from disposition of
assets, net of cash sold
1,248,581   1,709   35,698   Additions to oil and gas properties
1,123,297     562,907     662,563     Other property additions, net
39,585     36,970     9,865     Net cash provided by used in
investing activities
84,734   1,478,533     636,730     Cash flows from financing
activities:
Borrowings under long-term debt
1,203,190   1,157,903   264,725   Principal payments on long-term debt
1,556,763     604,475     370,262     Payment of other liabilities
78,285     54,252     14,055     Exercise of long-term incentive
plan stock options and
employee stock purchases
41,577   35,068   33,020   Purchase of treasury stock
949,259     92,256     2,349     Payment of financing fees
1,911     1,173     2,799     Dividends paid
30,339     26,557        Net cash provided by used in
financing activities
1,371,790     414,258   91,720     Net increase decrease in cash and
cash equivalents
8,254   12,716     9,659   Effect of exchange rate changes on
cash and cash equivalents
3,291   674   1,150   Cash and cash equivalents,
beginning of year
7,257   19,299   8,490   Cash and cash equivalents, end of
year
18,802     7,257     19,299   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements.   
69 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   In thousands   	
Year Ended
December31   2005   2004   2003   Net income
534,568     312,854     410,592   Other comprehensive loss:
Net deferred hedge losses, net of
tax:
Net deferred hedge losses
863,439     443,318     282,165     Net hedge losses included in net
income
431,581   232,758   117,416   Tax benefits related to net hedge
losses
166,572   73,340   51,064   Translation adjustment
8,118   19,417   36,938   Other comprehensive loss
257,168     117,803     76,747     Comprehensive income
277,400     195,051     333,845   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements.   
70 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003   
NOTEA.
Organization
and Nature of Operations   Pioneer Natural Resources Company Pioneer or the
Company is a Delaware corporation whose common
stock is listed and traded on the New York Stock Exchange. The
Company is a large independent oil and gas exploration and
production company with operations in the United States,
Argentina, Canada, Equatorial Guinea, Nigeria, South Africa and
Tunisia.   On September28, 2004, the Company completed a merger with
Evergreen Resources, Inc. Evergreen that added to
the Companys United States and Canadian asset base and
expanded its portfolio of development and exploration
opportunities in North America. Evergreens operations were
primarily focused on developing and expanding its coal bed
methane production from the Raton Basin in southern Colorado.   In accordance with the provisions of Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards SFAS No141,
Business Combinations, the merger has been accounted
for as a purchase of Evergreen by Pioneer. As a result, the
financial statements for the Company prior to September28,
2004 are those of Pioneer only. The accompanying Consolidated
Statements of Operations and Consolidated Statements of Cash
Flows include the financial results of Evergreen since
October1, 2004. See NoteC for additional information
regarding the Evergreen merger.   
NOTEB.
Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies   Principles of consolidation.The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the
Company and its wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries
since their acquisition or formation. The Company
proportionately consolidates less than 100percent-owned
affiliate partnerships, which it serves as general partner
through certain of its wholly-owned subsidiaries, involved in
oil and gas producing activities in accordance with Emerging
Issues Task Force EITF Abstract Issue
No00-1,
Investor Balance Sheet and Income Statement Display under
the Equity Method for Investments in Certain Partnerships and
Other Ventures. The Company owns less than a
20percent interest in the oil and gas partnerships that it
proportionately consolidates. All material intercompany balances
and transactions have been eliminated.   As of December31, 2005 and 2004, other liabilities and
minority interests in the Companys Consolidated Balance
Sheets includes $93million and $87million,
respectively, related to majority-owned subsidiaries, which are
related to activities in the United States and Nigeria. The
minority interest in the net income of the United States related
subsidiaries was $35million and $9million for 2005
and 2004, respectively, and is included in other expense in the
Companys Consolidated Statements of Operations. The
minority interest in the net loss of the Nigerian subsidiary was
$52million for 2005 and is included in interest and other
income in the Companys Consolidated Statements of
Operations.   Use of estimates in the preparation of financial
statements.Preparation of the accompanying
consolidated financial statements in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles in the United States requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting periods. Depletion of oil and gas
properties and impairment of goodwill, in part, is determined
using estimates of proved oil and gas reserves. There are
numerous uncertainties inherent in the estimation of quantities
of proved reserves and in the projection of future rates of
production and the timing of development expenditures.
Similarly, evaluations for impairment of proved and unproved oil
and gas properties are subject to numerous uncertainties
including, among others, estimates of future recoverable
reserves; commodity price outlooks; foreign laws, restrictions
and currency exchange rates; and export and excise taxes. Actual
results could differ from the estimates and assumptions utilized.   Argentina devaluation.Early in January
2002, the Argentine government severed the direct
one-to-one
U.S.dollar to Argentine peso relationship that had existed
for many years. As of December31, 2005 and 2004, the
Company used exchange rates of 303 pesos to $1 and 298 pesos
to $1, respectively, to remeasure the peso   
71 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY
NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003   denominated monetary assets and liabilities of the
Companys Argentine subsidiaries. The remeasurement of the
peso-denominated monetary net assets of the Companys
Argentine subsidiaries as of December31, 2005, 2004 and
2003 resulted in gains of $2million and $2million
and a charge of $3million, respectively.   As a result of certain Argentine stability laws and regulations
enacted since the devaluation of the Argentine peso that impact
the price the Company receives for the oil and gas it produces,
the Company continually reviews its Argentine proved and
unproved properties for impairment. Based on ithe
Companys announced sales price for its Argentine assets,
as more fully discussed in NoteW and iiestimates
of future commodity prices and operating costs, the Company
believes that the future cash flows from its Argentine oil and
gas assets will be sufficient to fully recover its proved
property basis. Based upon the announced sales price for the
Argentine assets, the Company does not believe it has an
impairment of its unproved properties. If the sale is
unsuccessful, the Company intends to continue its exploration
efforts on all of its remaining unproved acreage. Based upon the
Companys improved economic outlook for Argentina during
2005, the Company increased its capital budget for exploration
and development activities in 2005 as compared to the capital
budgets in 2004 and 2003.   While the Argentine economic and political situation continues
to improve, the Argentine government may enact future
regulations or policies that, when finalized and adopted, may
materially impact, among other items, ithe realized
prices the Company receives for the commodities it produces and
sells, iithe timing of repatriations of excess cash flow
to the Companys corporate headquarters in the United
States, iiithe Companys asset valuations,
ivthe Companys level of future investments in
Argentina and vpeso-denominated monetary assets and
liabilities. While conditions are improving, numerous
uncertainties exist surrounding the ultimate resolution of
Argentinas economic and political stability.   Cash equivalents.Cash and cash
equivalents include cash on hand and depository accounts held by
banks.   Investments.Investments in
unaffiliated equity securities that have a readily determinable
fair value are classified as trading securities if
managements current intent is to hold them for the near
term; otherwise, they are accounted for as
available-for-sale
securities. The Company reevaluates the classification of
investments in unaffiliated equity securities at each balance
sheet date. The carrying value of trading securities and
available-for-sale
securities are adjusted to fair value as of each balance sheet
date.   Unrealized holding gains are recognized for trading securities
in interest and other income, and unrealized holding losses are
recognized in other expense during the periods in which changes
in fair value occur.   Unrealized holding gains and losses are recognized for
available-for-sale
securities as credits or charges to stockholders equity
and other comprehensive income loss during the periods in
which changes in fair value occur. Realized gains and losses on
the divestiture of
available-for-sale
securities are determined using the average cost method. The
Company had no investments in
available-for-sale
securities as of December31, 2005 or 2004.   Investments in unaffiliated equity securities that do not have a
readily determinable fair value are measured at the lower of
their original cost or the net realizable value of the
investment. The Company had no significant equity security
investments that did not have a readily determinable fair value
as of December31, 2005 or 2004.   Inventories.Inventories were comprised
of $773million and $379million of materials and
supplies and $24million and $24million of
commodities as of December31, 2005 and 2004, respectively.
The Companys materials and supplies inventory is primarily
comprised of oil and gas drilling or repair items such as
tubing, casing, chemicals, operating supplies and ordinary
maintenance materials and parts. The materials and supplies
inventory is primarily acquired for use in future drilling
operations or repair operations and is carried at the lower of
cost or market, on a
first-in,
first-out basis. Commodities inventory is carried at the lower
of average cost or market, on a
first-in,
first-out basis. As of December31, 2005 and 2004, the
Companys materials and supplies inventory was net of
$2million and $4million, respectively, of
valuation reserve allowances.   
72 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY
NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003   Oil and gas properties.The Company
utilizes the successful efforts method of accounting for its oil
and gas properties. Under this method, all costs associated with
productive wells and nonproductive development wells are
capitalized while nonproductive exploration costs and geological
and geophysical expenditures are expensed. The Company
capitalizes interest on expenditures for significant development
projects until such projects are ready for their intended use.   The Company generally does not carry the costs of drilling an
exploratory well as an asset in its Consolidated Balance Sheets
for more than one year following the completion of drilling
unless the exploratory well finds oil and gas reserves in an
area requiring a major capital expenditure and both of the
following conditions are met   
i
The well has found a sufficient quantity of reserves to justify
its completion as a producing well.   
ii
The Company is making sufficient progress assessing the reserves
and the economic and operating viability of the project.   Due to the capital intensive nature and the geographical
location of certain Alaskan, deepwater Gulf of Mexico and
foreign projects, it may take the Company longer than one year
to evaluate the future potential of the exploration well and
economics associated with making a determination on its
commercial viability. In these instances, the projects
feasibility is not contingent upon price improvements or
advances in technology, but rather the Companys ongoing
efforts and expenditures related to accurately predicting the
hydrocarbon recoverability based on well information, gaining
access to other companies production, transportation or
processing facilities
and/or
getting partner approval to drill additional appraisal wells.
These activities are ongoing and being pursued constantly.
Consequently, the Companys assessment of suspended
exploratory well costs is continuous until a decision can be
made that the well has found proved reserves or is noncommercial
and is impaired. See NoteD for additional information
regarding the Companys suspended exploratory well cost and
New accounting pronouncements below for information
regarding the Companys adoption of Financial Accounting
Standards Board FASB Staff Position
No.FAS19-1,
Accounting for Suspended Well Costs FSP
FAS19-1.   The Company owns interests in 12 natural gas processing plants
and three treating facilities. The Company operates eight of the
plants and all three treating facilities. The Companys
ownership interests in the natural gas processing plants and
treating facilities is primarily to accommodate handling the
Companys gas production and thus are considered a
component of the capital and operating costs of the respective
fields that they service. To the extent that there is excess
capacity at a plant or treating facility, the Company attempts
to process third party gas volumes for a fee to keep the plant
or treating facility at capacity. All revenues and expenses
derived from third party gas volumes processed through the
plants and treating facilities are reported as components of oil
and gas production costs. The third party revenues generated
from the plant and treating facilities for the three years ended
December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003 were $581million,
$459million and $395million, respectively. The
third party expenses attributable to the plants and treating
facilities for the same respective periods were
$180million, $119million and $113million.
The capitalized costs of the plants and treating facilities are
included in proved oil and gas properties and are depleted using
the
unit-of-production
method along with the other capitalized costs of the field that
they service.   Capitalized costs relating to proved properties are depleted
using the
unit-of-production
method based on proved reserves. Costs of significant
nonproducing properties, wells in the process of being drilled
and development projects are excluded from depletion until such
time as the related project is completed and proved reserves are
established or, if unsuccessful, impairment is determined.   Proceeds from the sales of individual properties and the
capitalized costs of individual properties sold or abandoned are
credited and charged, respectively, to accumulated depletion,
depreciation and amortization. Generally, no gain or loss is
recognized until the entire amortization base is sold. However,
gain or loss is recognized from the sale of less than an entire
amortization base if the disposition is significant enough to
materially impact the depletion rate of the remaining properties
in the amortization base.   
73 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY
NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003   In accordance with SFASNo144, Accounting for
the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets
SFAS144, the Company reviews its long-lived
assets to be held and used, including proved oil and gas
properties accounted for under the successful efforts method of
accounting, whenever events or circumstances indicate that the
carrying value of those assets may not be recoverable. An
impairment loss is indicated if the sum of the expected future
cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the assets. In
this circumstance, the Company recognizes an impairment loss for
the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the
estimated fair value of the asset.   Unproved oil and gas properties are periodically assessed for
impairment on a
project-by-project
basis. The impairment assessment is affected by the results of
exploration activities, commodity price outlooks, planned future
sales or expiration of all or a portion of such projects. If the
quantity of potential reserves determined by such evaluations is
not sufficient to fully recover the cost invested in each
project, the Company will recognize an impairment loss at that
time by recording an allowance.   Goodwill.As described in NoteC,
the Company recorded $3278million of goodwill associated
with the Evergreen merger. The goodwill was recorded to the
Companys United States reporting unit. In accordance with
EITF Abstract Issue
No00-23,
Issues Related to the Accounting for Stock Compensation
under APB Opinion No25 and FASB Interpretation
No44, the Company has reduced goodwill by
$162million since September28, 2004 for tax
benefits associated with the exercise of fully-vested stock
options assumed in conjunction with the Evergreen merger. In
accordance with SFASNo142, Goodwill and Other
Intangible Assets, goodwill is not amortized to earnings,
but is assessed for impairment whenever events or circumstances
indicate that impairment of the carrying value of goodwill is
likely, but no less often than annually. If the carrying value
of goodwill is determined to be impaired, it is reduced for the
impaired value with a corresponding charge to pretax earnings in
the period in which it is determined to be impaired. During the
third quarter of 2005, the Company performed its annual
assessment of impairment of the goodwill and determined that
there was no impairment.   Other property, plant and equipment,
net.Other property, plant and equipment is
stated at cost and primarily consists of items such as heavy
equipment and rigs, furniture and fixtures and leasehold
improvements. Depreciation is provided over the estimated useful
life of the assets using the straight-line method. At
December31, 2005 and 2004, other property, plant and
equipment was net of accumulated depreciation of
$1315million and $1123million, respectively.   Asset retirement obligations.The
Company accounts for asset retirement obligations in accordance
with SFASNo143, Accounting for Asset
Retirement Obligations SFAS143, which
was adopted by the Company on January1, 2003.
SFAS143 amended SFASNo19, Financial
Accounting and Reporting by Oil and Gas Producing
Companies SFAS19 to require that the
fair value of a liability for an asset retirement obligation be
recognized in the period in which it is incurred if a reasonable
estimate of fair value can be made. Under the provisions of
SFAS143, asset retirement obligations are capitalized as
part of the carrying value of the long-lived asset.   As a result of the adoption of SFAS143, on January1,
2003 the Company recorded a cumulative effect adjustment gain of
$154million, net of $13million of deferred tax, as
a cumulative effect adjustment of a change in accounting
principle in the Companys Consolidated Statements of
Operations. See NoteL for additional information regarding
the Companys asset retirement obligations.   
74 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY
NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003   The following table illustrates the pro forma effect on net
income and earnings per share for the year ended
December31, 2003 as if the Company had adopted the
provisions of SFAS143 on January1, 2003 in
thousands, except per share amounts.   	
Net income, as reported
410,592   Pro forma adjustments to reflect
retroactive adoption of SFAS143
15,413     Pro forma net income
395,179   Net income per share:
Basicas reported
350   Basicpro forma
337   Dilutedas
reported
346   Dilutedpro forma
333   In March 2005, the FASB issued FASB Interpretation No47,
Accounting for Conditional Asset Retirement Obligations,
an interpretation of FASB Statement No143
FIN47. FIN47 clarifies that
conditional asset retirement obligations meet the definition of
liabilities and should be recognized when incurred if their fair
values can be reasonably estimated. The interpretation was
adopted by the Company on December31, 2005. The adoption
of FIN47 had no impact on the Companys financial
position or results of operations.   Derivatives and hedging.The Company
follows the provisions of SFAS No133, Accounting
for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities
SFAS133. SFAS133 requires the
accounting recognition of all derivative instruments as either
assets or liabilities at fair value. Derivative instruments that
are not hedges must be adjusted to fair value through net
income. Under the provisions of SFAS133, the Company may
designate a derivative instrument as hedging the exposure to
changes in the fair value of an asset or a liability or an
identified portion thereof that is attributable to a particular
risk a fair value hedge or as hedging the exposure
to variability in expected future cash flows that are
attributable to a particular risk a cash flow
hedge. Both at the inception of a hedge and on an ongoing
basis, a fair value hedge must be expected to be highly
effective in achieving offsetting changes in fair value
attributable to the hedged risk during the periods that a hedge
is designated. Similarly, a cash flow hedge must be expected to
be highly effective in achieving offsetting cash flows
attributable to the hedged risk during the term of the hedge.
The expectation of hedge effectiveness must be supported by
matching the essential terms of the hedged asset, liability or
forecasted transaction to the derivative hedge contract or by
effectiveness assessments using statistical measurements. The
Companys policy is to assess hedge effectiveness at the
end of each calendar quarter.   Under the provisions of SFAS133, changes in the fair value
of derivative instruments that are fair value hedges are offset
against changes in the fair value of the hedged assets,
liabilities, or firm commitments through net income. Effective
changes in the fair value of derivative instruments that are
cash flow hedges are recognized in accumulated other
comprehensive income lossnet deferred hedge
losses, net of tax AOCIHedging
in the stockholders equity section of the Companys
Consolidated Balance Sheets until such time as the hedged items
are recognized in net income. Ineffective portions of a
derivative instruments change in fair value are
immediately recognized in net income.   See NoteJ for a description of the specific types of
derivative transactions in which the Company participates.   Environmental.The Companys
environmental expenditures are expensed or capitalized depending
on their future economic benefit. Expenditures that relate to an
existing condition caused by past operations and that have no
future economic benefits are expensed. Expenditures that extend
the life of the related property or mitigate or prevent future
environmental contamination are capitalized. Liabilities are
recorded when environmental   
75 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY
NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003   assessment
and/or
remediation is probable and the costs can be reasonably
estimated. Such liabilities are undiscounted unless the timing
of cash payments for the liability are fixed or reliably
determinable.   Treasury stock.Treasury stock
purchases are recorded at cost. Upon reissuance, the cost of
treasury shares held is reduced by the average purchase price
per share of the aggregate treasury shares held.   Revenue recognition.The Company does
not recognize revenues until they are realized or realizable and
earned. Revenues are considered realized or realizable and
earned when: ipersuasive evidence of an arrangement
exists, iidelivery has occurred or services have been
rendered, iiithe sellers price to the buyer is
fixed or determinable and ivcollectibility is reasonably
assured.   The Company uses the entitlements method of accounting for oil,
natural gas liquid NGL and gas revenues. Sales
proceeds in excess of the Companys entitlement are
included in other liabilities and the Companys share of
sales taken by others is included in other assets in the
accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.   The Company had no material oil or NGL entitlement assets or
liabilities as of December31, 2005 or 2004. The following
table presents the Companys gas entitlement assets and
liabilities and their associated volumes as of December31,
2005 and 2004   	
December31   2005   2004   Amount   MMcf   Amount   MMcf   $ in millions   Entitlement assets
121   4,007     104   3,842   Entitlement liabilities
85   7,206     147   11,859   Stock-based compensation.The Company
has a long-term incentive plan the Long-Term Incentive
Plan under which the Company grants stock-based
compensation. The Long-Term Incentive Plan is described more
fully in NoteH. The Company accounts for stock-based
compensation granted under the Long-Term Incentive Plan using
the intrinsic value method prescribed by Accounting Principles
BulletinOpinion No25, Accounting for Stock
Issued to Employees APB25 and related
interpretations. Stock-based compensation expense associated
with option grants was not recognized in the determination of
the Companys net income during the years ended
December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003, as all options granted
under the Long-Term Incentive Plan had exercise prices equal to
the market value of the underlying common stock on the dates of
grant or were issued in exchange for fully-vested Evergreen
options as purchase consideration in the Evergreen merger.
Stock-based compensation expense associated with restricted
stock awards is deferred and amortized to earnings ratably over
the vesting periods of the awards. See New accounting
pronouncements below for information regarding the
Companys adoption of SFASNo123 revised
2004, Share-Based Payment
SFAS123R on January1, 2006.   
76 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY
NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003   The following table illustrates the pro forma effect on net
income and net income per share as if the Company had applied
the fair value recognition provisions of SFASNo123,
Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation
SFAS123, to stock-based compensation during
the years ended December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003   	
Year Ended
December31   2005   2004   2003   In thousands, except per share
amounts   Net income, as reported
534,568     312,854     410,592   Plus: Stock-based compensation
expense included in net income for all awards, net of taxa
17,054   7,939   3,447   Deduct: Stock-based compensation
expense determined under fair value based method for all awards,
net of taxa
19,772     13,985     11,429     Pro forma net income
531,850     306,808     402,610   Net income per share:
Basicas reported
390     250     350   Basicpro forma
388     245     344   Dilutedas
reported
380     246     346   Dilutedpro forma
378     241     340   
a 
For the years ended December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003,
stock-based compensation expense included in net income is net
of tax benefits of $98million, $46million and
$20million, respectively. Similarly, stock-based
compensation expense determined under the fair value based
method for the years ended December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003
is net of tax benefits of $114million, $80million
and $66million, respectively. See NoteP for
additional information regarding the Companys income taxes.   Foreign currency translation.The
U.S.dollar is the functional currency for all of the
Companys international operations except Canada.
Accordingly, monetary assets and liabilities denominated in a
foreign currency are remeasured to U.S.dollars at the
exchange rate in effect at the end of each reporting period;
revenues and costs and expenses denominated in a foreign
currency are remeasured at the average of the exchange rates
that were in effect during the period in which the revenues and
costs and expenses were recognized. The resulting gains or
losses from remeasuring foreign currency denominated balances
into U.S.dollars are recorded in other income or other
expense, respectively. Nonmonetary assets and liabilities
denominated in a foreign currency are remeasured at the historic
exchange rates that were in effect when the assets or
liabilities were acquired or incurred.   The functional currency of the Companys Canadian
operations is the Canadian dollar. The financial statements of
the Companys Canadian subsidiary entities are translated
to U.S.dollars as follows: all assets and liabilities are
translated using the exchange rate in effect at the end of each
reporting period; revenues and costs and expenses are translated
using the average of the exchange rates that were in effect
during the period in which the revenues and costs and expenses
were recognized. The resulting gains or losses from translating
non-U.S.dollar
denominated balances are recorded in the accompanying
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the
period through accumulated other comprehensive income
losscumulative translation adjustment.   
77 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY
NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003   The following table presents the exchange rates used to
translate the financial statements of the Companys
Canadian subsidiaries in the preparation of the consolidated
financial statements as of and for the years ended
December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003   	
December31   2005   2004   2003   U.S.Dollar from Canadian
DollarBalance Sheets
8606   8320   7710   U.S.Dollar from Canadian
DollarStatements of Operations
8279   7699   7161   Reclassifications.Certain
reclassifications have been made to the 2004 and 2003 amounts in
order to conform with the 2005 presentation. Specifically, the
Company reduced cash used for additions to oil and gas
properties included in investing activities and the add-back of
exploration expenses in operating activities in the accompanying
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows by approximately
$530million and $256million for the years ended
December31, 2004 and 2003, respectively, representing
reclassifications of geological expenses incurred in the related
periods.   New accounting pronouncements.The
following discussions provide information about new accounting
pronouncements that have been issued by the FASB   SFAS123R.In December 2004, the FASB
issued SFAS123R, which is a revision of SFAS123.
SFAS123R supersedes APB25 and amends
SFASNo95, Statement of Cash Flows.
Generally, the approach in SFAS123R is similar to the
approach described in SFAS123. However, SFAS123R
will require all share-based payments to employees, including
grants of employee stock options, to be recognized as
stock-based compensation expense in the Companys
Consolidated Statements of Operations based on their fair
values. Pro forma disclosure is no longer an alternative.   SFAS123R must be adopted no later than January1,
2006 and permits public companies to adopt its requirements
using one of two methods   
A modified prospective method in which compensation
cost is recognized beginning with the effective date based on
the requirements of SFAS123R for all share-based
payments granted after the adoption date and based on the
requirements of SFAS123 for all awards granted to
employees prior to the effective date of SFAS123R that
remain unvested on the adoption date.   
A modified retrospective method which includes the
requirements of the modified prospective method described above,
but also permits entities to restate either all prior periods
presented or prior interim periods of the year of adoption based
on the amounts previously recognized under SFAS123 for
purposes of pro forma disclosures.   The Company adopted the provisions of SFAS123R on
January1, 2006 using the modified prospective method.   As permitted by SFAS123, the Company accounted for
share-based payments to employees prior to January1, 2006
using the intrinsic value method prescribed by APB25 and
related interpretations. As such, the Company generally did not
recognize compensation expense associated with employee stock
option grants. The Company has not issued stock options to
employees since 2003. Consequently, the adoption of
SFAS123Rs fair value method will not have a
significant impact on the Companys future results of
operations or financial position. Had the Company adopted
SFAS123R in prior periods, the impact would have
approximated the impact of SFAS123 as described in the pro
forma disclosures above. The adoption of SFAS123R will
have no effect on future results of operations related to the
Companys unvested outstanding restricted stock awards. The
Company estimates that the adoption of SFAS123R, based
on estimated outstanding unvested stock options, will result in
compensation charges of approximately $10million during
2006.   
78 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY
NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003   The Company has an Employee Stock Purchase Plan the
ESPP that allows eligible employees to annually
purchase the Companys common stock at a discount. The
provisions of SFAS123R will cause the ESPP to be a
compensatory plan. However, the change in accounting for the
ESPP is not expected to have a material impact on the
Companys financial position, future results of operations
or liquidity. Historically, the ESPP compensatory amounts have
been nominal. See NoteH for additional information
regarding the ESPP.   SFAS123R also requires that tax benefits in excess of
recognized compensation expenses be reported as a financing cash
flow, rather than an operating cash flow as required under prior
literature. This requirement may serve to reduce the
Companys future cash flows from operating activities and
increase future cash flows from financing activities, to the
extent of associated tax benefits that may be realized in the
future.   FSP
FAS19-1.In
April 2005, the FASB issued FSP
FAS19-1.
FSP
FAS19-1
amended SFAS19, to allow continued capitalization of
exploratory well costs beyond one year from the completion of
drilling under circumstances where the well has found a
sufficient quantity of reserves to justify its completion as a
producing well and the enterprise is making sufficient progress
assessing the reserves and the economic and operating viability
of the project. FSP
FAS19-1
also amended SFAS19 to require enhanced disclosures of
suspended exploratory well costs in the notes to the
consolidated financial statements. The Company adopted the new
requirements during the second quarter of 2005. See NoteD
for additional information regarding the Companys
exploratory well costs. The adoption of FSP
FAS19-1
did not impact the Companys consolidated financial
position or results of operations.   NOTEC.Acquisitions   Evergreen merger.On September28,
2004, Pioneer completed a merger with Evergreen, with Pioneer
being the surviving corporation for accounting purposes. The
transaction was accounted for as a purchase of Evergreen by
Pioneer. The merger with Evergreen was accomplished through the
issuance of 254million shares of Pioneer common stock and
$8511million of cash paid to Evergreen shareholders at
closing, net of $121million of acquired cash. The cash
consideration paid in the merger was financed through borrowings
on the Companys unsecured revolving credit facilities. See
NoteF for additional information regarding the credit
facilities.   The Company recorded $3278million of goodwill associated
with the Evergreen merger, which represented the excess of the
purchase consideration over the net fair value of the
identifiable net assets acquired.   
79 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY
NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003   The following unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial
data for the years ended December31, 2004 and 2003 were
derived from the historical financial statements of Pioneer and
Evergreen giving effect to the merger as if the merger had
occurred on January1, 2003. The unaudited pro forma
combined condensed financial data have been included for
comparative purposes only, are not necessarily indicative of the
results that might have occurred had the merger taken place on
January1, 2003 and are not intended to be a projection of
future results.   	
Year Ended
December31   2004   2003   In thousands,
except per share
amounts   Revenues
1,964,549     1,441,933   Income from continuing operations
before cumulative effect of change in accounting principle
308,829     397,776   Income from discontinued
operations, net of tax
13,925   17,382   Cumulative effect of change in
accounting principle, net of tax
15,036   Net income
322,754     430,194   Basic earnings per share:
Income from continuing operations
before cumulative effect of change in accounting principle
214     279   Income from discontinued
operations, net of tax
10   12   Cumulative effect of change in
accounting principle, net of tax
11   Net income
224     302   Diluted earnings per share:
Income from continuing operations
before cumulative effect of change in accounting principle
208     271   Income from discontinued
operations, net of tax
10   12   Cumulative effect of change in
accounting principle, net of tax
10   Net income
218     293   Permian Basin and Gulf Coast
acquisitions.During 2005, the Company spent
$1769million to acquire various working interests in the
Spraberry and South Texas areas, including the assumption of
approximately $30million in asset retirement obligations.   Falcon acquisitions.During March 2003,
the Company purchased the remaining 25percent working
interest that it did not already own in the Falcon field, the
Harrier field and surrounding satellite prospects in the
deepwater Gulf of Mexico for $1204million, including
$1141million of cash, $17million of asset
retirement obligations assumed and $46million of closing
adjustments.   NOTED.Exploratory
Well Costs   The Company capitalizes exploratory well costs until a
determination is made that the well has either found proved
reserves or that it is impaired. The capitalized exploratory
well costs are presented in proved properties in the
Consolidated Balance Sheets. If the exploratory well is
determined to be impaired, the well costs are charged to expense.   
80 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY
NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003   The following table reflects the Companys capitalized
exploratory well activity during each of the years ended
December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003   	
Year Ended
December31   2005   2004   2003   In thousands   Beginning capitalized exploratory
well costs
126,472     108,986     71,500   Additions to exploratory well
costs pending the determination of proved reserves
243,272   156,937   216,352   Reclassifications due to
determination of proved reserves
78,334     56,639     117,966     Exploratory well costs charged to
expense
93,119     82,812     60,900     Ending capitalized exploratory
well costs
198,291     126,472     108,986   The following table provides an aging as of December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003 of capitalized exploratory well costs based
on the date the drilling was completed and the number of wells
for which exploratory well costs have been capitalized for a
period greater than one year since the date the drilling was
completed   	
December31   2005   2004   2003   In thousands, except well
counts   Capitalized exploratory well costs
that have been capitalized for a period of one year or less
84,042     35,046     75,120   Capitalized exploratory well costs
that have been capitalized for a period greater than one year
114,249   91,426   33,866     198,291     126,472     108,986   Number of wells with exploratory
well costs that have been capitalized for a period greater than
one year
14   10   3   The following table provides the capitalized costs of
exploration projects that have been suspended for more than one
year as of December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003   	
December31   2005   2004   2003   In thousands   United States:
Ozona Deep
19,423     19,462     19,003   Oooguruk
52,205   47,083     Thunder Hawk
25,769        Canadaother
805   1,214     South Africa
7,227   14,895   14,863   TunisiaAnaguid
8,820   8,772     Total
114,249     91,426     33,866   The following discussion describes the history and status of
each significant suspended exploratory project   Ozona Deep.The Companys Ozona
Deep exploration well was drilled during 2002 and found
quantities of oil believed to be commercial; however, given its
location in the Gulf of Mexico, it is necessary to have a signed
production handling agreement PHA with
infrastructure in the area to insure the economics associated
with the   
81 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY
NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003   discovery prior to doing further appraisal drilling. During the
third quarter of 2005, Pioneer and the operator of Ozona Deep
signed a Capacity Commitment Agreement with a third party
platform to bring future production from the discovery to the
third partys platform. The Company anticipates entering
into a PHA in 2006 and drilling an appraisal well during 2006.   Oooguruk.During 2003, the
Companys Alaskan Oooguruk discovery wells found quantities
of oil believed to be commercial. In 2003, the Company began
farm-in discussions with the owner of undeveloped discoveries in
adjacent acreage given its proximity and the potential cost
benefits of a larger scale project. The farm-in was completed
during 2004. Along with completing the farm-in agreement,
Pioneer obtained access to exploration well and seismic data to
improve the Companys understanding of the potential of the
discoveries without having to drill additional wells. In late
2004, the Company completed an extensive technical and economic
evaluation of the resource potential within this area and
authorized a front-end engineering design study FEED
study for the area which was completed.   During the first quarter of 2006, the Company sanctioned the
development of the discovery and obtained the necessary
regulatory approvals. The Company will begin operations to
install an offshore gravel drilling and production site in order
to complete gravel hauling activities during the 2006 winter
construction season. Following construction of the gravel
drilling and production site, a subsea flowline and facilities
will be installed during 2007 to carry produced liquids to
existing onshore processing facilities at the Kuparuk River
Unit. Pioneer plans to drill approximately 40 horizontal wells
to develop the discovery. Depending on weather conditions and
facilities completion and accessibility, drilling could begin as
early as the fall of 2007.   Thunder Hawk.During 2004, the
Companys initial Thunder Hawk well found quantities of oil
believed to be commercial. Additional appraisal wells were
determined necessary to confirm the commercialization of the
discovery. In the fourth quarter of 2005, the third appraisal
well was spudded and plans to complete the drilling of the
previously spudded second well, which was temporarily suspended
due to weather. Completion of the drilling is expected in the
first half of 2006.   South Africa.During 2001, the Company
drilled two South African discovery wells that found quantities
of gas and condensate believed to be commercial. During 2004,
2003 and 2002, the Company actively reviewed the gas supply and
demand fundamentals in South Africa and had discussions with a
gas-to-liquids
GTL plant in the area to purchase the condensate
and gas. During 2004, a FEED study was authorized for the gas
development and infrastructure design. The FEED study was
completed in early 2005 and based on that study, the GTL plant
operator initiated purchase orders for long-lead time
infrastructure components. In December 2005, the Company
announced the final approvals with its partner in the South
Coast gas project to commence the initial development of the
project. The project will include subsea tie-back of gas from
the Sable field and six additional gas accumulations to the
existing production facilities on the F-A platform for
transportation via existing pipelines to the GTL plant.
Production is expected to begin during the second half of 2007.
Additional development drilling related to the project is
expected to commence in the first quarter of 2006. As a result,
the Company added 114MBOE of reserves in 2005 and reduced
the suspended exploratory costs by approximately
$62million.   At December31, 2005, the remaining costs associated with
this project relate to the Boomslang discovery, which was not
included in the initial development of this project. Boomslang
is both an oil and gas discovery. Continued studies of the
commercialization of the project are ongoing. Part of the
ongoing efforts is determining the commercialization of the
discovery as an oil project, gas project or both. If
commercialized as an oil discovery, earliest production would be
2009 and if commercialized as a gas discovery, earliest
production would be 2012.   TunisiaAnaguid.During
2003, the Company drilled two exploration wells on its Anaguid
Block in Tunisia which found quantities of condensate and gas
believed to be commercial. During 2004, the wells were scheduled
and approved for extended production tests. However, the project
operator delayed the extended   
82 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY
NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003   production tests due to issues unrelated to the Company or the
project. In the third quarter of 2005, the project operator,
along with the Company, conducted an extended production test of
one of the two existing exploration wells and drilled an offset
appraisal well to the other exploration well.   The results of the extended production test were unfavorable and
the Company expensed the costs associated with this well in the
third quarter of 2005, which were approximately
$51million. However, the appraisal well offsetting the
second discovery encountered gas and condensate in a similar
horizon to the initial well. The Company is currently reviewing
data from the appraisal well to determine whether development of
the area is economical.   NOTEE.Disclosures
About Fair Value of Financial Instruments   The following table presents the carrying amounts and estimated
fair values of the Companys financial instruments as of
December31, 2005 and 2004   	
December31   2005   2004   Carrying
Fair
Carrying
Fair
Value   Value   Value   Value   In thousands   Net derivative contract
liabilities:
Commodity price hedges
748,477        748,477        406,546        406,546     Unrealized terminated commodity
price hedges
870        870        660        660     Financial assets:
Trading securities
15,237     15,237     11,115     11,115   51/2%note
receivable due 2008
1,429     1,429     1,786     1,786   Financial
liabilitieslong-term debt:
Line of credit
900,000        900,000        828,000        828,000     87/8%senior
notes due 2005
131,762        133,078     81/4%senior
notes due 2007
32,199        33,477        32,520        35,465     61/2%senior
notes due 2008
348,714        356,965        350,326        374,500     95/8%senior
notes due 2010
62,973        78,672     57/8%senior
notes due 2012
6,255        5,947        199,687        203,198     71/2%senior
notes due 2012
15,157        18,621     57/8%senior
notes due 2016
421,327        506,590        415,609        549,478     43/4%senior
convertible notes due 2021a
100,000        201,225        100,000        165,598     71/5%senior
notes due 2028
249,917        265,200        249,916        287,500     
a 
Carrying value excludes $635million which was recognized
in additional paid-in capital in conjunction with the Evergreen
merger for the fair value of the convertible debt attributable
to the equity conversion rights. See NoteC for information
regarding the Evergreen merger.   Cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, other
current assets, accounts payable, interest payable and other
current liabilities.The carrying amounts
approximate fair value due to the short maturity of these
instruments.   Commodity price swap and collar contracts, interest rate
swaps and foreign currency swap
contracts.The fair value of commodity price
swap and collar contracts, interest rate swaps and foreign
currency contracts are   
83 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY
NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003   estimated from quotes provided by the counterparties to these
derivative contracts and represent the estimated amounts that
the Company would expect to receive or pay to settle the
derivative contracts. See NoteJ for a description of each
of these derivatives, including whether the derivative contract
qualifies for hedge accounting treatment or is considered a
speculative derivative contract.   Financial assets.The carrying amounts
of the trading securities approximates fair value due to the
short maturity of these instruments. The fair value of the
51/2percent
note receivable due 2008 the
51/2%Note
was determined based on underlying market rates of interest. The
current portion of the
51/2%Note,
amounting to $4million as of December31, 2005 and
2004, is included in other current assets, net in the
Companys Consolidated Balance Sheets. The trading
securities and the noncurrent portions of the
51/2%Note
are included in other assets, net in the Companys
Consolidated Balance Sheets.   Long-term debt.The carrying amount of
borrowings outstanding under the Companys corporate credit
facility approximates fair value because these instruments bear
interest at variable market rates. The fair values of each of
the senior note issuances were determined based on quoted market
prices for each of the issues. See NoteF for additional
information regarding the Companys long-term debt.   NOTEF.Long-term
Debt   Long-term debt, including the effects of net deferred fair value
hedges losses and issuance discounts and premiums, consisted of
the following components at December31, 2005 and 2004   	
December31   2005   2004   In thousands   Outstanding debt principal
balances:
Lines of credit
900,000     828,000   87/8%senior
notes due 2005
130,950   81/4%senior
notes due 2007
32,075   32,075   61/2%senior
notes due 2008
350,000   350,000   95/8%senior
notes due 2010
64,044   57/8%senior
notes due 2012
6,110   194,485   71/2%senior
notes due 2012
16,175   57/8%senior
notes due 2016
526,875   526,875   43/4%senior
convertible notes due 2021
100,000   100,000   71/5%senior
notes due 2028
250,000   250,000   2,165,060   2,492,604   Issuance discounts and premiums,
net
102,347     103,170     Net deferred fair value hedge
losses
4,301     3,484     Total long-term debt
2,058,412     2,385,950   Lines of credit.During September 2005,
the Company entered into an Amended and Restated
5-Year
Revolving Credit Agreement the Amended Credit
Agreement that amended the Companys
$700million
5-Year
Revolving Credit Agreement. In connection with funding of the
Amended Credit Agreement, all amounts outstanding under a
364-day
credit facility, which was established to fund the Evergreen
merger in September 2004, were retired and the
364-day
credit facility terminated. The Amended Credit Agreement matures
in September 2010 unless extended in accordance with the terms
of the Amended Credit Agreement. The terms of the Amended Credit
Agreement provide for initial aggregate loan commitments of
$15billion, which may be   
84 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY
NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003   increased to a maximum aggregate amount of $18billion if
the lenders increase their loan commitments or if loan
commitments of new financial institutions are added to the
Amended Credit Agreement.   Borrowings under the Amended Credit Agreement may be in the form
of revolving loans or swing line loans. Aggregate outstanding
swing line loans may not exceed $100million. Revolving
loans bear interest, at the option of the Company, based on
aa rate per annum equal to the higher of the prime rate
announced from time to time by JPMorgan Chase Bank
725percent per annum at December31, 2005or
the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds
transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System during
the last preceding business day 409percent per annum at
December31, 2005 plus 5percent or ba base
Eurodollar rate, substantially equal to LIBOR 484percent
per annum at December31, 2005, plus a margin the
Applicable Margin that is determined by reference
to a grid based on the Companys debt rating
75percent per annum at December31, 2005. The
Applicable Margin is increased by 10percent to
125percent per annum, depending on the Companys
debt ratings, if total borrowings under the Amended Credit
Agreement exceed 50percent of the aggregate loan
commitments. Swing line loans bear interest at a rate per annum
equal to the ASK rate for Federal funds periodically
published by the Dow Jones Market Service plus the Applicable
Margin. The Company pays commitment fees on the undrawn amounts
under the Amended Credit Agreement that are determined by
reference to a grid based on the Companys debt rating
125percent per annum at December31, 2005.   As of December31, 2005, the Company had $878million
of undrawn letters of credit, of which $803million were
undrawn commitments under the Amended Credit Agreement. The
letters of credit outstanding under the Amended Credit Agreement
are subject to a per annum fee, based on a grid of the
Companys debt rating, representing the Companys
LIBOR margin 484percent at December31,
2005plus 75percent. As of December31, 2005,
the Company had unused borrowing capacity of $5197million
under the Amended Credit Agreement.   In January 2006, Moodys Investor Services, Inc.
Moodys downgraded the Company from Baa3 to
Ba1. The downgrade triggered changes in the pricing grid under
the Amended Credit Agreement. The Applicable Margin and the
spread on the letters of credit increased from 75percent
to 100percent.   The Amended Credit Agreement contains certain financial
covenants, which include the imaintenance of a ratio of
the Companys earnings before gain or loss on the
disposition of assets, interest expense, income taxes,
depreciation, depletion and amortization expense, exploration
and abandonments expense and other noncash charges and expenses
to consolidated interest expense of at least 35 to 10;
iimaintenance of a ratio of total debt to book
capitalization less intangible assets, accumulated other
comprehensive income and certain noncash asset impairments not
to exceed 60 to 10; and iii because the Company fell
below an investment grade rating by both Moodys and
Standard Poors Ratings Group, Inc. prior to
attaining a mid-investment grade rating as defined in the
Amended Credit Agreement by either of such rating agencies,
then such covenants also include the maintenance of an annual
ratio of the net present value of the Companys oil and gas
properties to total debt of at least 150 to 10 for the first
18months following the date of the Amended Credit
Agreement, and 175 to 10 thereafter. The lenders may declare
any outstanding obligations under the Amended Credit Agreement
immediately due and payable upon the occurrence, and during the
continuance of, an event of default, which includes a defined
change in control of the Company. As of December31, 2005,
the Company was in compliance with all of its debt covenants.   Senior notes.The Companys senior
notes are general unsecured obligations ranking equally in right
of payment with all other senior unsecured indebtedness of the
Company and are senior in right of payment to all existing and
future subordinated indebtedness of the Company. The Company is
a holding company that conducts all of its operations through
subsidiaries; consequently, the senior notes are structurally
subordinated to all obligations of its subsidiaries. Interest on
the Companys senior notes is payable semiannually.   
85 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY
NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003   Senior convertible notes.The
$100million of
43/4%senior
convertible notes due 2021 the Convertible Notes
are convertible at the option of the holders. If the holders of
the Convertible Notes do not redeem the Convertible Notes prior
to December20, 2006 the Companys first redemption
right the Company currently intends to exercise its rights
under the indenture and redeem the Convertible Notes on such
date for cash, common stock or a combination thereof. If the
holders do not exercise their rights to convert the Convertible
Notes prior to December20, 2006, the Company intends to
refinance the cash redemption costs with unused borrowing
capacity under the Amended Credit Agreement. The Convertible
Notes are reflected in Thereafter in the below
maturities table. Accordingly, the Company has classified the
Convertible Notes as long-term in its Consolidated Balance Sheet
as of December31, 2005.   Each $2500 principal balance outstanding under the Convertible
Notes is convertible into 58175shares of the
Companys common stock plus $1998per share, which
includes Evergreen Kansas properties proceeds as an example,
each $1,000 of Convertible Notes principal would exchange for
2327shares of the Companys common stock plus
$79920 of cash. The portion of the Convertible Notes
exchangeable into the Companys common stock is included in
the computation of the Companys average diluted shares
outstanding.   Early extinguishment of debt.During
2005, the Company iredeemed the remaining principal
amounts of its outstanding
95/8%senior
notes due 2010 the
95/8%Notes
and its
71/2%senior
notes due 2012 the 750%Notes of
$640million and $162, respectively, and
iiaccepted tenders to purchase for cash
$1884million in principal amount of its
57/8%senior
notes due 2012 the
57/8%Notes.
Consequently, the Company recognized a charge for the early
extinguishment of debt of $265million included in other
expense in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of
Operations on these redemptions and tenders for 2005.   In addition, the Company received sufficient consents from the
holders of the
57/8%Notes
to permanently remove substantially all of the operating
restrictions contained in the indenture governing the
57/8%Notes.   In conjunction with the 2004 Change of Control Offer provided as
a result of the merger with Evergreen, the Company repurchased
$55million of the
57/8%Notes
during 2004. The Company recognized $1million of other
income associated with these debt extinguishments.   During 2003, the Company repurchased $51million of its
87/8percent
senior notes and repaid its former revolving credit agreement
prior to its scheduled maturity. The Company recognized
$15million of charges to other expense associated with
these debt extinguishments.   Principal maturities.Principal
maturities of long-term debt at December31, 2005 are as
follows in thousands   	
2006
2007
32,075   2008
350,000   2009
2010
900,000   Thereafter
882,985   
86 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY
NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003   Interest expense.The following amounts
have been incurred and charged to interest expense for the years
ended December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003   	
Year Ended
December31   2005   2004   2003   In thousands   Cash payments for interest
129,875     110,135     117,870   Accretion/amortization of
discounts or premiums on loans
6,186   3,683   2,873   Amortization of net deferred hedge
gains see NoteJ
4,052     19,220     26,114     Amortization of capitalized loan
fees
2,265   2,059   2,528   Kansas ad valorem tax see
NoteI
65   103   Argentina accrued tax liability
see NoteP
1,694   1,205     Net change in accruals
7,092     7,476   424     Interest incurred
128,876   105,403   96,836   Less capitalized interest
1,089     2,016     5,448     Total interest expense
127,787     103,387     91,388   NOTEG.Related
Party Transactions   The Company, through a wholly-owned subsidiary, serves as
operator of properties in which it and its affiliated
partnerships have an interest. Accordingly, the Company receives
producing well overhead, drilling well overhead and other fees
related to the operation of the properties. The affiliated
partnerships also reimburse the Company for their allocated
share of general and administrative charges. Reimbursements of
fees are recorded as reductions to general and administrative
expenses in the Companys Consolidated Statements of
Operations.   The activities with affiliated partnerships are summarized for
the following related party transactions for the years ended
December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003   	
Year Ended
December31   2005   2004   2003   In thousands   Receipt of lease operating and
supervision charges in accordance with standard industry
operating agreements
1,493     1,458     1,473   Reimbursement of general and
administrative expenses
348     193     148   NOTEH.Incentive
Plans   Retirement
Plans   Deferred compensation retirement
plan.In August 1997, the Compensation
Committee of the Board of Directors the Board
approved a deferred compensation retirement plan for the
officers and certain key employees of the Company. Each officer
and key employee is allowed to contribute up to 25percent
of their base salary and 100percent of their annual bonus.
The Company will provide a matching contribution of
100percent of the officers and key employees
contribution limited to the first 10percent of the
officers base salary and eight percent of the key
employees base salary. The Companys matching
contribution vests immediately. A trust fund has been
established by the Company to accumulate the contributions made
under this retirement plan. The Companys matching
contributions were $12million, $9million and
$9million for the years ended December31, 2005,
2004 and 2003, respectively.   
87 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY
NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003   401k plan.The Pioneer Natural
Resources USA, Inc. Pioneer USA 401k and
Matching Plan the 401k Plan is a defined
contribution plan established under the Internal Revenue Code
Section401. All regular full-time and part-time employees
of Pioneer USA are eligible to participate in the 401k Plan on
the first day of the month following their date of hire.
Participants may contribute an amount of not less than two
percent nor more than 30percent of their annual salary
into the 401k Plan. Matching contributions are made to the
401k Plan in cash by Pioneer USA in amounts equal to
200percent of a participants contributions to the
401k Plan that are not in excess of five percent of the
participants base compensation the Matching
Contribution. Each participants account is credited
with the participants contributions, their Matching
Contributions and allocations of the 401k Plans
earnings. Participants are fully vested in their account
balances except for Matching Contributions and their
proportionate share of 401k Plan earnings attributable to
Matching Contributions, which proportionately vest over a
four-year period that begins with the participants date of
hire. During the years ended December31, 2005, 2004 and
2003, the Company recognized compensation expense of
$80million, $54million and $45million,
respectively, as a result of Matching Contributions.   Long-Term
Incentive Plan   In August 1997, the Companys stockholders approved a
Long-Term Incentive Plan which provides for the granting of
incentive awards in the form of stock options, stock
appreciation rights, performance units and restricted stock to
directors, officers and employees of the Company. The Long-Term
Incentive Plan provides for the issuance of a maximum number of
shares of common stock equal to ten percent of the total number
of shares of common stock equivalents outstanding less the total
number of shares of common stock subject to outstanding awards
under any stock-based plan for the directors, officers or
employees of the Company.   The following table calculates the number of shares or options
available for grant under the Companys Long-Term Incentive
Plan as of December31, 2005 and 2004       
December31   2005   2004   Shares outstanding, net of
treasury stock
128,588,364   144,831,662   Outstanding awards exercisable or
exercisable within 60days
2,607,485   4,526,415   131,195,849   149,358,077   Maximum shares/options allowed
under the Long-Term Incentive Plan
13,119,585   14,935,808   Less:Outstanding awards
under the Long-Term Incentive Plan
3,836,958     4,790,028   Outstanding
awards under predecessor incentive plans
814,663     1,838,543     Shares/options available for
future grant
8,467,964   8,307,237   Stock option awards.Prior to 2004, the
Company had a program of awarding semiannual stock options to
its employees. The Company granted 1,353,988 options under the
Long-Term Incentive Plan during 2003.   In accordance with the Evergreen merger agreement, on
September28, 2004, the Company assumed fully-vested
options to purchase 2,384,657shares of the Companys
common stock at various exercise prices, the weighted average
price per share of which was $1118. The assumed options were
outstanding awards to Evergreen employees when the Evergreen
merger occurred.   During 2004, the Companys stock-based compensation
philosophy shifted its emphasis from the awarding of stock
options to restricted stock awards. There were no options
granted under the Long-Term Incentive Plan during 2005 or 2004.   
88 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY
NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003   Restricted stock awards.During 2005,
the Company issued 1,411,269 restricted shares of the
Companys common stock as compensation to directors,
officers and employees of the Company.   During 2004, the Company assumed 214,186 restricted stock units
in exchange for Evergreen restricted stock units outstanding on
September28, 2004 and issued 630,937 restricted shares of
the Companys common stock as compensation to directors,
officers and employees of the Company. The Company recorded
$60million of deferred compensation for future expected
service associated with certain of the restricted stock units
assumed from Evergreen. The deferred compensation is being
amortized as charges to compensation expense over the periods in
which the restrictions on the units lapse.   For the 2005-2006 director year, the Companys non-employee
directors were offered a choice to receive their annual fee
retainers i100percent in restricted stock units,
ii100percent in cash or iiia combination
of 50/50 of cash and restricted stock units. All non-employee
directors also received an annual equity grant of restricted
stock units.   During 2003, the Company issued 77,625 restricted shares of the
Companys common stock. The restricted share awards were
issued as compensation to directors, officers and key employees
of the Company.   The Company recorded $562million, $191million and
$11million of deferred compensation associated with
restricted stock awards in stockholders equity during
2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively. Such amounts will be
amortized to compensation expense over the vesting periods of
the awards. During 2005, 2004 and 2003, amortization of
restricted stock awards of $269million,
$125million and $54million, respectively, was
recognized as compensation expense.   The following table reflects the outstanding restricted stock
awards as of December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003 and activity
related thereto for the years then ended   	
Year Ended
December31   2005   2004   2003   Weighted
Weighted
Weighted
Number
Average
Number
Average
Number
Average
of Shares   Price   of Shares   Price   of Shares   Price   Restricted stock
awards   Outstanding at beginning of year
1,447,987     2846   676,973     2479   652,793     2472   Evergreen awards assumed
214,186     3258          Shares granted
1,411,269     3979   630,937     3129   77,625     2539   Shares forfeited
174,046        3399   32,174        3099   36,500        2472   Lapse of restrictions
718,987        2626   41,935        3109   16,945        2469   Outstanding at end of year
1,966,223     3690   1,447,987     2846   676,973     2479   
89 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY
NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003   A summary of the Companys stock option plans as of
December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003, and changes during the
years then ended, are presented below   	
Year Ended
December31   2005   2004   2003   Weighted
Weighted
Weighted
Number
Average
Number
Average
Number
Average
of Shares   Price   of Shares   Price   of Shares   Price   Non-statutory stock
options   Outstanding at beginning of year
5,180,584     1860   5,274,116     2013   7,268,292     1960   Evergreen options assumed
2,384,657     1118          Options granted
1,353,988     2484   Options forfeited
65,190        2294   102,890        2224   1,286,370        2922   Options exercised
2,429,996        1595   2,375,299        1439   2,061,794        1568   Outstanding at end of year
2,685,398     2032   5,180,584     1860   5,274,116     2013   Exercisable at end of year
2,382,714     1974   3,970,996     1708   2,581,256     1756   Weighted average fair value of
options granted during the year
a        a     895   
a 
The Company did not grant any stock options under the Long-Term
Incentive Plan during 2005 or 2004.   The following table summarizes information about the
Companys stock options outstanding and options exercisable
at December31, 2005   	
Options Outstanding   Options Exercisable   Number
Weighted
Weighted
Number
Weighted
Outstanding at
Average
Average
Exercisable at
Average
Range of
December31,
Remaining
Exercise
December31,
Exercise
Exercise Prices   2005   Contractual Life   Price   2005   Price   $5-$11
211,286   25years     973   211,286     973   $12-$18
1,049,191   27years     1696   1,049,191     1696   $19-$26
1,339,137   33years     2394   1,036,453     2368   $27-$30
67,928   7years     2844   67,928     2844   $31-$43
17,856   11years     4023   17,856     4023   2,685,398   2,382,714   SFAS123 disclosures.The Company
applied APB25 and related interpretations in accounting
for its stock option awards. Accordingly, no compensation
expense has been recognized for its stock option awards. If
compensation expense for the stock option awards had been
determined consistent with SFAS123, the Companys net
income and earnings per share would have been less than the
reported amounts.   Under SFAS123, the fair value of each stock option grant
is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option
pricing model. The Company did not grant any stock options
during the years ended December31   
90 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY
NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003   2005 or 2004. The following weighted average assumptions were
used to estimate the fair value of options granted during the
year ended December31, 2003   	
Risk-free interest rate
306     Expected life
5years   Expected volatility
36     Expected dividend yield
Employee
Stock Purchase Plan   As discussed above in NoteB, the Company has an ESPP that
allows eligible employees to annually purchase the
Companys common stock at a discounted price. Officers of
the Company are not eligible to participate in the ESPP.
Contributions to the ESPP are limited to 15percent of an
employees pay subject to certain ESPP limits during the
nine-month offering period. Participants in the ESPP purchase
the Companys common stock at a price that is
15percent below the closing sales price of the
Companys common stock on either the first day or the last
day of each offering period, whichever closing sales price is
lower.   Postretirement
Benefit Obligations   As of December31, 2005 and 2004, the Company had recorded
$186million and $155million, respectively, of
unfunded accumulated postretirement benefit obligations, the
current and noncurrent portions of which are included in other
current liabilities and other liabilities and minority
interests, respectively, in the accompanying Consolidated
Balance Sheets. These obligations are comprised of five plans of
which four relate to predecessor entities that the Company
acquired in prior years. These plans had no assets as of
December31, 2005 or 2004. Other than the Companys
retirement plan, the participants of these plans are not current
employees of the Company.   As of December31, 2005, the accumulated postretirement
benefit obligations pertaining to these plans were determined by
independent actuaries for four plans representing
$144million of unfunded accumulated postretirement
benefit obligations and by the Company for one plan representing
$42million of unfunded accumulated postretirement benefit
obligations. Interest costs at an annual rate of
575percent of the periodic undiscounted accumulated
postretirement benefit obligations were employed in the
valuations of the benefit obligations. Certain of the
aforementioned plans provide for medical and dental cost
subsidies for plan participants. Annual medical cost escalation
trends of 100percent in 2006, declining to
50percent in 2011 and thereafter, and annual dental cost
escalation trends of 65percent in 2006, declining to
50percent in 2009 and thereafter, were employed to
estimate the accumulated postretirement benefit obligations
associated with the medical and dental cost subsidies.   The following table reconciles changes in the Companys
unfunded accumulated postretirement benefit obligations during
the years ended December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003   	
Year Ended
December31   2005   2004   2003   In thousands   Beginning accumulated
postretirement benefit obligations
15,534     15,556     19,743   Net benefit payments
1,393     1,497     1,472     Service costs
324   258   205   Net actuarial losses gains
3,211   32     4,410     Accretion of discounts
900   909   1,490   Fair value of Evergreen
obligations assumed
340     Ending accumulated postretirement
benefit obligations
18,576     15,534     15,556   
91 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY
NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003   Estimated benefit payments and service/interest costs associated
with the plans for the year ending December31, 2006 are
$15million and $19million, respectively.   NOTEI.Commitments
and Contingencies   Severance agreements.The Company has
entered into severance and change in control agreements with its
officers, subsidiary company officers and certain key employees.
Salaries and bonuses for the Companys officers are set by
the Board for the parent company officers and by the
Companys management committee for subsidiary company
officers and key employees. The Board and management committee
can grant increases or reductions to base salary at their
discretion. The current annual salaries for the parent company
officers, the subsidiary company officers and key employees
covered under such agreements total $332million.   Indemnifications.The Company has
indemnified its directors and certain of its officers, employees
and agents with respect to claims and damages arising from acts
or omissions taken in such capacity, as well as with respect to
certain litigation.   Legal actions.The Company is party to
the legal proceedings that are described below. The Company is
also party to other proceedings and claims incidental to its
business. While many of these matters involve inherent
uncertainty, the Company believes that the amount of the
liability, if any, ultimately incurred with respect to such
other proceedings and claims will not have a material adverse
effect on the Companys consolidated financial position as
a whole or on its liquidity, capital resources or future annual
results of operations. The Company will continue to evaluate its
litigation matters on a
quarter-by-quarter
basis and will adjust its litigation reserves as appropriate to
reflect its assessment of the then current status of litigation.   Alford.The Company is party to a 1993 class
action lawsuit filed in the 26thJudicial District Court of
Stevens County, Kansas by two classes of royalty owners, one for
each of the Companys gathering systems connected to the
Companys Satanta gas plant. The case was relatively
inactive for several years. In early 2000, the plaintiffs
amended their pleadings and the case now contains two material
claims. First, the plaintiffs assert that they were improperly
charged expenses primarily field compression, which plaintiffs
allege are a cost of production, and for which the
plaintiffs claim they, as royalty owners, are not responsible.
Second, the plaintiffs claim they are entitled to
50percent to 100percent of the value of the helium
extracted at the Companys Satanta gas plant. If the
plaintiffs were to prevail on the above two claims in their
entirety, it is possible that the Companys liability both
for periods covered by the lawsuit and from the last date
covered by the lawsuit to the presentbecause
the deductions continue to be taken and the plaintiffs continue
to be paid for a royalty share of the helium could reach
approximately $35million related to the cost of production
claim and approximately $18million to $43million
related to the helium claim, plus prejudgment interest. However,
the Company believes it has valid defenses to the
plaintiffs claims and has paid the plaintiffs properly
under their respective oil and gas leases and other agreements,
and intends to vigorously defend itself.   The Company does not believe the costs it has deducted are a
cost of production. The costs being deducted are
post production costs incurred to transport the gas to the
Companys Satanta gas plant for processing, where the
valuable hydrocarbon liquids and helium are extracted from the
gas. The plaintiffs benefit from such extractions and the
Company believes that charging the plaintiffs with their
proportionate share of such transportation and processing
expenses is consistent with Kansas law and with the
parties agreements.   The Company has also vigorously defended against
plaintiffs claims for 100percent of the value of the
helium extracted, and believes that in accordance with
applicable law, it has properly accounted to the plaintiffs for
their fractional royalty share of the helium under the specified
royalty clauses of the respective oil and gas leases. In more
recent filings with the court, plaintiffs asserted that an equal
division between Pioneer and its royalty owners of the proceeds
from helium would provide the most equitable result. The Company
has not established a provision for the helium claim.   
92 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY
NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003   The factual evidence in the case was presented to the
26thJudicial District Court without a jury in December
2001. Oral arguments were heard by the court in April 2002, and
although the court has not yet entered a judgment or findings,
it could do so at any time. The Company strongly denies the
existence of any material underpayment to the plaintiffs and
believes it presented strong evidence at trial to support its
positions. However, either through a negotiated settlement or
court ruling, the Company could have to pay some part of the
cost of production claim and, accordingly, the Company has
established a partial reserve for this claim. Although the
amount of any resulting liability, to the extent that it exceeds
the Companys provision, could have a material adverse
effect on the Companys results of operations for the
quarterly reporting period in which such liability is recorded,
the Company does not expect that any such additional liability
will have a material adverse effect on its consolidated
financial position as a whole or on its liquidity, capital
resources or future annual results of operations.   MOSH Holding.The Company and its principal
United States subsidiary, Pioneer USA, were named as defendants
in MOSH Holding, L.P. v Pioneer Natural Resources Company;
Pioneer Natural Resources USA, Inc.; Woodside Energy USA Inc.;
and JPMorgan Chase Bank, NA, as Trustee of the Mesa Offshore
Trust, which was filed on April11, 2005, in the
District Court of Travis County, Texas 250thJudicial
District. The plaintiff is a unitholder in the Mesa Offshore
Trust, which was created in 1982 as the sole limited partner in
a partnership that holds an overriding royalty interest in
certain oil and gas leases offshore Louisiana and Texas. The
plaintiff alleges that the Company, together with Woodside
Energy USA Inc. Woodside, concealed the value of
the royalty interest and worked to terminate the Mesa Offshore
Trust prematurely and to capture for itself and Woodside profits
that belong to the Mesa Offshore Trust. The plaintiff also
alleges breaches of fiduciary duty, misapplication of trust
property, common law fraud, gross negligence, and breach of the
conveyance agreement for the overriding royalty interest. The
claims appear to relate principally to farmout arrangements
established in 2003 for two offshore properties, the Brazos Area
Block A-7
and Brazos Area Block
A-39. The
relief sought by the plaintiff includes monetary and punitive
damages and certain equitable relief, including an accounting of
expenses, a setting aside of certain farmouts, and a temporary
and permanent injunction. The Company believes the claims are
without merit and intends to defend the lawsuit vigorously.   Argentine Environmental.The Companys
subsidiary in Argentina is involved in various administrative
proceedings with environmental authorities in the Neuquen
Province relating to permits for and discharges from operations
in that province. The Companys subsidiary is cooperating
with the proceedings, although it from time to time challenges
whether certain assessed fines are appropriate. The Company
estimates that fines assessed in these proceedings will be
immaterial, but in the aggregate could exceed $100,000. The
Companys subsidiary in Argentina has also been named in a
suit against various oil companies operating in the Neuquen
basin entitled Asociacin de Superficiarios de la
Patagoniav. YPF S.A., et. al., originally filed
on August21, 2003, in the Argentine National Supreme Court
of Justice. The plaintiffs, a private group of landowners, have
also named the national government and several provinces as
third parties. The lawsuit alleges injury to the environment
generally by the oil and gas industry without specifically
alleging how any of the defendants caused this injury. The
plaintiffs principally seek creation of an insured fund to
remediate the environment. The Companys subsidiary intends
to defend itself in the case. Although the suit is at an early
procedural stage and appears to involve novel theories, the
Company does not expect that any such additional liability will
have a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial
position as a whole or on its liquidity, capital resources or
future annual results of operations.   Dorchester Refining Company Site.A subsidiary
of the Company has been notified by a letter from the Texas
Commission on Environmental Quality TCEQ dated
August24, 2005 that the TCEQ considers the subsidiary to
be a potentially responsible party with respect to the
Dorchester Refining Company State Superfund Site located in
Mount Pleasant, Texas. In connection with the acquisition of oil
and gas assets in 1991, the Company acquired a group of
companies, one of which was an entity that had owned a refinery
located at the Mount Pleasant site from 1977 until 1984.
According to the TCEQ, this refinery was responsible for
releases of hazardous substances into the environment. Pursuant
to applicable Texas law, the Companys subsidiary, which
does not own any material assets or conduct any material
operations, may be subject to strict, joint and several
liability for the costs of conducting a   
93 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY
NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003   study to evaluate potential remedial options and for the costs
of performing any remediation ultimately required by the TCEQ.
The Company does not know the nature and extent of the alleged
contamination, the potential costs of remediation, or the
portion, if any, of such costs that may be allocable to the
Companys subsidiary; however, the Company has noted that
there appear to be other operators or owners who may share
responsibility for these costs and does not expect that any such
additional liability will have a material adverse effect on its
consolidated financial position as a whole or on its liquidity,
capital resources or future annual results of operations.   Environmental Protection Agency
Investigation.On November4, 2005, the
Company learned from the U.S.Environmental Protection
Agency that the agency was conducting a criminal investigation
into a 2003 spill that occurred at a Company-operated drilling
rig located on an ice island offshore Kuparuk in Harrison Bay,
Alaska. The investigation is being conducted in conjunction with
the U.S. Attorneys Office for the District of Alaska. The
spill was previously investigated by the Alaska Department of
Environmental Conservation ADEC and, following
completion of a clean up, the ADEC issued a letter stating its
determination that, at that time, the site did not pose a threat
to human health, safety, or welfare or the environment. The
Company is cooperating in the governments investigation.   Lease agreements.The Company leases
offshore production facilities, drilling rigs, equipment and
office facilities under noncancellable operating leases. Rental
expenses associated with these operating leases for the years
ended December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003 were approximately
$645million, $518million and $155million,
respectively. Future minimum lease commitments under
noncancellable operating leases at December31, 2005 are as
follows in thousands   	
2006
57,931   2007
42,384   2008
28,302   2009
19,373   2010
10,173   Thereafter
5,642   Drilling commitments.The Company
periodically enters into contractual arrangements under which
the Company is committed to expend funds to drill wells in the
future. The Company also enters into agreements to secure
drilling rig services, which require the Company to make future
minimum payments to the rig operators. The Company records
drilling commitments in the periods in which well capital is
expended or rig services are provided.   Transportation agreements.Associated
with the Evergreen merger, the Company assumed gas
transportation commitments for specified volumes of gas per year
through 2014. During 2005, the Company expanded these
commitments to support production increases, primarily in the
Raton gas field. The transportation commitments averaged
approximately 147million cubic feet MMcf of
gross gas sales volumes per day during 2005, including
associated fuel commitments. These commitments will average
approximately 196MMcf of gross gas volumes per day during
2006, increase to approximately 200MMcf of gross gas
volumes per day during 2007, and decline thereafter to
approximately 41MMcf of gross gas volumes per day during
2014.   The Companys Canadian subsidiaries are parties to pipeline
transportation service agreements, with aggregate remaining
terms of approximately 10years, whereby they have
committed to transport specified volumes of gas each year
principally from Canada to a point in Chicago, Illinois. Such
gas volumes totalled approximately 78MMcf of gas per day
during 2005, 2004 and 2003, and are comprised of a significant
portion of the Companys Canadian net gas production,
augmented with certain volumes purchased at market prices in
Canada. The committed volumes to be transported under the
pipeline transportation service agreements are approximately
86MMcf of gas per day during 2006 and decline to
approximately 75MMcf of gas per day by the end of the
commitment term. The net gas marketing gains or losses resulting
from purchasing third party gas in   
94 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY
NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003   Canada and selling it in Chicago are recorded as other income or
other expense in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of
Operations. Associated with these agreements, the Company
recognized $41million of gas marketing gains in other
income during the year ended December31, 2005 and
$12million and $9million, respectively, of gas
marketing losses in other expense during the years ended
December31, 2004 and 2003.   Future minimum transportation fees under the Companys gas
transportation commitments at December31, 2005 are as
follows in thousands   	
2006
67,222   2007
68,531   2008
68,345   2009
67,865   2010
66,749   Thereafter
234,986   
NOTEJ.
Derivative
Financial Instruments   Fair value hedges.The Company monitors
the debt capital markets and interest rate trends to identify
opportunities to enter into and terminate interest rate swap
contracts with the objective of reducing costs of capital.
During the three-year period ending December31, 2005, the
Company entered into interest rate swap contracts to hedge a
portion of the fair value of its senior notes. During the year
ended December31, 2004, the Company paid
$94million, net of $22million of associated
settlements receivable, to terminate fair value hedge interest
rate swaps prior to their stated maturities. Associated
therewith, the Company recognized $116million of
Payments of other liabilities in the accompanying
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended
December31, 2004. During the year ended December31,
2003, the Company terminated fair value hedge interest rate swap
contracts for cash proceeds, including accrued interest, of
$215million. The proceeds attributable to the fair value
of the remaining terms of the terminated contracts amounted to
$183million and are included in Proceeds from
disposition of assets in the accompanying Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows during the year ended December31,
2003. During the years ended December31, 2004 and 2003,
settlements of open fair value hedges reduced the Companys
interest expense by $22million and $32million,
respectively. As of December31, 2005 and 2004, the Company
was not a party to any open fair value hedges.   As of December31, 2005, the carrying value of the
Companys long-term debt in the accompanying Consolidated
Balance Sheets included a $43million reduction in the
carrying value attributable to net deferred hedge losses on
terminated fair value hedges that are being amortized as net
increases to interest expense over the original terms of the
terminated agreements. The amortization of net deferred hedge
gains on terminated interest rate swaps reduced the
Companys reported interest expense by $41million,
$192million and $261million during the years ended
December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively.   The following table sets forth, as of December31, 2005,
the scheduled amortization of net deferred hedge gains losses
on terminated interest rate hedges including terminated fair
value and cash flow hedges that will be recognized as increases
in the case of losses, or decreases in the case of gains, to the
Companys future interest expense   	
Year Ending
December31   2006   2007   2008   2009   2010   Thereafter   In thousands   Net deferred hedge gains losses
107     1,573        554        528        578        4,355     Cash flow hedges.The Company utilizes
commodity swap and collar contracts to ireduce the
effect of price volatility on the commodities the Company
produces and sells, iisupport the Companys annual
capital   
95 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY
NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003   budgeting and expenditure plans and iiireduce commodity
price risk associated with certain capital projects. As of
December31, 2005, all of the Companys open commodity
hedges are designated as hedges of Canadian and United States
forecasted sales. The Company also, from time to time, utilizes
interest rate contracts to reduce the effect of interest rate
volatility on the Companys indebtedness and forward
currency exchange agreements to reduce the effect of
U.S.dollar to Canadian dollar exchange rate volatility.   Oil prices.All material physical sales
contracts governing the Companys oil production have been
tied directly or indirectly to the New York Mercantile Exchange
NYMEX prices. As of December31, 2005, all of
the Companys oil hedges were designated as hedges of
United States forecasted sales. The following table sets forth
the volumes hedged in barrels Bbl underlying the
Companys outstanding oil hedge contracts and the weighted
average NYMEX prices per Bbl for those contracts as of
December31, 2005   	
First
Second
Third
Fourth
Outstanding
Quarter   Quarter   Quarter   Quarter   Average   Average daily oil production
hedgeda   2006Swap
Contracts
Volume Bbl
10,000   10,000   10,000   10,000   10,000   Price per Bbl
3169     3169     3169     3169     3169   2006Collar
Contracts
Volume Bbl
8,500   9,000   9,500   9,500   9,129   Price per Bbl
4382-$7343     4417-$7463     4447-$7570     4447-$7570     4425-$7492   2007Swap
Contracts
Volume Bbl
13,000   13,000   13,000   13,000   13,000   Price per Bbl
3089     3089     3089     3089     3089   2007Collar
Contracts
Volume Bbl
4,500   4,500   4,500   4,500   4,500   Price per Bbl
5000-$9043     5000-$9043     5000-$9043     5000-$9043     5000-$9043   2008Swap
Contracts
Volume Bbl
17,000   17,000   17,000   17,000   17,000   Price per Bbl
2921     2921     2921     2921     2921   
a 
Subsequent to December31, 2005, the Company reduced its
oil hedge positions by terminating the following oil swap and
collar contracts which are included in the table above:
i2,000Bbls per day of March through December 2006
swap contracts with a fixed price of $2629 per Bbl;
1,000Bbls per day of calendar 2007 swap contracts with a
fixed price of $3100 per Bbl; and 2,000Bbls per day of
calendar 2008 swap contracts with a fixed price of $3000 per
Bbl and ii2,000Bbls per day of March through
December 2006 collar contracts having a floor price of $5000
per Bbl and a ceiling price of $9625 per Bbl and
2,500Bbls per day of calendar 2007 collar contracts having
a floor price of $5000 and ceiling prices of $9118 per Bbl.   
96 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY
NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003   The Company reports average oil prices per Bbl including the
effects of oil quality adjustments and the net effect of oil
hedges. The following table sets forth the Companys oil
prices from continuing operations, both reported including
hedge results and realized excluding hedge results, and the
net effect of settlements of oil price hedges on oil revenue for
the years ended December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003   	
Year Ended
December31   2005   2004   2003   Average price reported per Bbl
3722     3160     2550   Average price realized per Bbl
5074     3749     2871   Reduction to oil revenue in
millionsa
2175        970        389     
a 
Excludes hedge losses of $111million, $102million
and $24million attributable to discontinued operations
for the years ended December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003,
respectively.   Natural gas liquids prices.During the
years ended December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003, the Company
did not enter into any NGL hedge contracts. There were no
outstanding NGL hedge contracts at December31, 2005.   Gas prices.The Company employs a
policy of hedging a portion of its gas production based on the
index price upon which the gas is actually sold in order to
mitigate the basis risk between NYMEX prices and actual index
prices, or based on NYMEX prices if NYMEX prices are highly
correlated with the index price. As of December31, 2005,
all of the Companys gas hedges were designated as hedges
of United States and Canadian forecasted sales. The following
table sets forth the volumes hedged in million British thermal
units MMBtu under outstanding gas hedge contracts
and the weighted average index prices per MMBtu for those
contracts as of December31, 2005   	
First
Second
Third
Fourth
Outstanding
Quarter   Quarter   Quarter   Quarter   Average   Average daily gas production
hedgeda   2006Swap
Contracts
Volume MMBtu
73,710   73,790   73,880   73,984   73,842   Index price per MMBtu
430     430     431     431     430   2006Collar
Contracts
Volume MMBtu
200,000   175,000   175,000   185,000   183,685   Index price per MMBtu
672-$1317     658-$1390     658-$1390     658-$1411     662-$1376   2007Swap
Contracts
Volume MMBtu
29,071   29,146   29,231   29,329   29,195   Index price per MMBtu
427     428     429     429     428   2007Collar
Contracts
Volume MMBtu
215,000   215,000   215,000   215,000   215,000   Index price per MMBtu
657-$1184     657-$1184     657-$1184     657-$1184     657-$1184   2008Swap
Contracts
Volume MMBtu
5,000   5,000   5,000   5,000   5,000   Index price per MMBtu
538     538     538     538     538   
a 
Subsequent to December31, 2005, the Company reduced its
gas hedge positions by terminating the following gas collar
contracts which are included in the table above:
i65,000MMBtu per day of April through December
2006 gas sales at a weighted average floor price per MMBtu of
$674 and a weighted average ceiling price per MMBtu of $1401.   
97 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY
NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003   The Company reports average gas prices per thousand cubic feet
Mcf including the effects of British thermal unit
Btu content, gas processing, shrinkage adjustments
and the net effect of gas hedges. The following table sets forth
the Companys gas prices from continuing operations, both
reported including hedge results and realized excluding hedge
results, and the net effect of settlements of gas price hedges
on gas revenue for the years ended December31, 2005, 2004
and 2003   	
Year Ended
December31   2005   2004   2003   Average price reported per Mcf
566     430     378   Average price realized per Mcf
649     478     415   Reduction to gas revenue in
millionsa
2029        1149        718     
a 
Excludes hedge losses of $108million and
$43million attributable to discontinued operations for
the years ended December31, 2004 and 2003, respectively.   Hedge ineffectiveness.During the years
ended December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003, the Company
recognized ineffectiveness charges to other expense of
$548million, $43million and $28million,
respectively, related to the ineffective portions of its cash
flow hedging instruments. These charges include amounts related
to ihedged volumes that exceeded revised forecasts of
production volumes due to delays in the start up of production
in certain fields and iireduced correlations between the
indexes of the financial hedge derivatives and the indexes of
the hedged forecasted production for certain fields.   AOCIHedging.As of
December31, 2005 and 2004, AOCIHedging
represented net deferred losses of $5066 and
$2414million, respectively. The
AOCIHedging balance as of December31,
2005 was comprised of $7678million of net deferred losses
on the effective portions of open cash flow hedges,
$300million of net deferred losses on terminated cash
flow hedges including $32million of net deferred losses
on terminated cash flow interest rate hedges and
$2912million of associated net deferred tax benefits. The
AOCIHedging balance as of December31,
2004 was comprised of $3631million of net deferred losses
on the effective portions of open cash flow hedges,
$30million of net deferred losses on terminated cash flow
hedges including $34million of net deferred losses on
terminated cash flow interest rate hedges and
$1247million of associated net deferred tax benefits. The
increase in AOCIHedging during the year ended
December31, 2005 was primarily attributable to increases
in future commodity prices relative to the commodity prices
stipulated in the hedge contracts, partially offset by the
reclassification of net deferred hedge losses to net income as
derivatives matured by their terms. The net deferred losses
associated with open cash flow hedges remain subject to market
price fluctuations until the positions are either settled under
the terms of the hedge contracts or terminated prior to
settlement. The net deferred losses on terminated cash flow
hedges are fixed.   During the year ending December31, 2006, based on current
estimates of future commodity prices, the Company expects to
reclassify $3083million of net deferred losses associated
with open commodity hedges and $62million of net deferred
losses on terminated commodity hedges from
AOCIHedging to oil and gas revenues. The
Company also expects to reclassify approximately
$1148million of net deferred income tax benefits
associated with commodity hedges during the year ending
December31, 2006 from AOCIHedging to
income tax benefit.   
98 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY
NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003   The following table sets forth, as of December31, 2005,
the scheduled amortization of net deferred gains losses on
terminated commodity hedges that will be recognized as decreases
in the case of losses, and increases in the case of gains, to
the Companys future oil and gas revenues   	
First
Second
Third
Fourth
Quarter   Quarter   Quarter   Quarter   Total   In thousands   2006net deferred hedge losses
5,098        302        59        727        6,186     2007net deferred hedge gains
losses
3,764        148     424     347     3,539     2008net deferred hedge losses
2,877        372        284        839     4,372     2009net deferred hedge losses
2,330        232        230        822     3,614     2010net deferred hedge losses
667        620        578        539     2,404     2011net deferred hedge losses
873        889        903        906     3,571     2012net deferred hedge losses
810        791        784        772     3,157        26,843     Non-hedge derivatives.During January
and April2005, the Company entered into non-hedge interest
rate swaps. The Company terminated the interest rate swaps
during January and April2005 for an aggregate net loss of
$15million, which amount is included in other expense in
the Companys accompanying Consolidated Statement of
Operations for 2005.   
NOTEK.
Major
Customers and Derivative Counterparties   Sales to major customers.The
Companys share of oil and gas production is sold to
various purchasers who must be prequalified under the
Companys credit risk policies and procedures. The Company
records allowances for doubtful accounts based on the agings of
accounts receivable and the general economic condition of its
customers. The Company is of the opinion that the loss of any
one purchaser would not have an adverse effect on the ability of
the Company to sell its oil and gas production.   There were not any customers who individually accounted for ten
percent or more of the consolidated oil, NGL and gas revenues of
the Company during the year ended December31, 2005. The
following customer individually accounted for ten percent or
more of the consolidated oil, NGL and gas revenues of the
Company, including the revenues from discontinued operations and
the results of commodity hedges, during the years ended
December31, 2004 and 2003   	
Year Ended
December31   2005   2004   2003   Williams Power Company, Inc.
9     14     16     Derivative counterparties.The Company
uses credit and other financial criteria to evaluate the credit
standing of, and to select, counterparties to its derivative
instruments. Although the Company does not obtain collateral or
otherwise secure the fair value of its derivative instruments,
associated credit risk is mitigated by the Companys credit
risk policies and procedures. As of December31, 2005 and
2004, the Company had $73million of derivative assets for
which Enron North America Corp was the Companys
counterparty. Associated therewith, the Company had a
$64million allowance for doubtful accounts as of
December31, 2005 and 2004. In January 2006, the Company
sold the Enron receivables for $30million and will
recognize a gain of $21million in 2006.   
99 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY
NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003   
NOTEL.
Asset
Retirement Obligations   As referred to in NoteB, the Company adopted the
provisions of SFAS143 on January1, 2003. The
Companys asset retirement obligations primarily relate to
the future plugging and abandonment of proved properties and
related facilities. The Company does not provide for a market
risk premium associated with asset retirement obligations
because a reliable estimate cannot be determined. The Company
has no assets that are legally restricted for purposes of
settling asset retirement obligations. The following table
summarizes the Companys asset retirement obligation
transactions recorded in accordance with the provisions of
SFAS143 during the years ended December31, 2005,
2004 and 2003   	
Year Ended
December31   2005   2004   2003   In thousands   Beginning asset retirement
obligations
120,879     105,036     34,692   Cumulative effect adjustment
23,393   New wells placed on production and
changes in estimatesa
57,575   4,591   46,664   Liabilities assumed in acquisitions
3,013   10,488   1,791   Disposition of wells
23,101          Liabilities settled
9,508     8,562     8,069     Accretion of discount
7,876   8,210   5,040   Currency translation
301   1,116   1,525   Ending asset retirement obligations
157,035     120,879     105,036   
a 
Includes, for the year ended December31, 2005, a
$398million increase in the abandonment estimate of the
East Cameron facilities that were destroyed by Hurricane Rita,
which is reflected in exploration and abandonments expense in
the Consolidated Statements of Operations.   The Company records the current and noncurrent portions of asset
retirement obligations in other current liabilities and other
liabilities and minority interests, respectively, in the
accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.   
100 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY
NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003   
NOTEM.
Interest
and Other Income   The following table provides the components of the
Companys interest and other income during the years ended
December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003   	
Year Ended
December31   2005   2004   2003   In thousands   Business interruption insurance
claim see NoteU
73,637     7,563        Excise tax income
5,577   3,609   2,369   Minority interest in
subsidiarys net loss
5,206        Canadian alliance marketing gain
see NoteI
4,127        Interest income
2,247   328   981   Sales and other tax refunds
1,792        Credit card rebate
835        Seismic data sales
723   172   424   Deferred compensation plan income
500   202   140   Foreign currency remeasurement and
exchange gainsa
392   304   657   Gain on early extinguishment of
debt see NoteF
95     Postretirement obligation
revaluations see NoteH
32   4,410   Other income
2,014   1,769   3,311   Total interest and other income
97,050     14,074     12,292   
a 
The Companys operations in Argentina, Canada and Africa
periodically recognize monetary assets and liabilities in
currencies other than their functional currencies see
NoteB for information regarding the functional currencies
of subsidiary entities. Associated therewith, the Company
realizes foreign currency remeasurement and transaction gains
and losses.   
NOTEN.
Asset
Divestitures   During the years ended December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003,
the Company completed asset divestitures for net proceeds of
$12billion, $17million and $357million,
respectively. Associated therewith, the Company recorded gains
on disposition of assets in continuing operations of
$605million, $39,000 and $13million during the
years ended December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively,
and gains of $1661million in discontinued operations in
2005. The following represent the significant divestitures   Volumetric production payments.During
2005, the Company sold three volumetric production payments
VPPs for proceeds of $8926million for which
no gain or loss was recognized. See NoteT for additional
information.   Canadian and Gulf of Mexico Shelf
divestitures.During 2005, the Company sold
its interests in athe Martin Creek, Conroy Black and
Lookout Butte areas in Canada for net proceeds of
$1972million, resulting in a gain of $1383million
and bcertain assets on the Gulf of Mexico shelf for net
proceeds of $591million, resulting in a gain of
$277million. Pursuant to SFAS144, the gain and the
results of operations from these assets have been reclassified
to discontinued operations. See NoteV for additional
information.   East Texas divestiture.During the year
ended December31, 2005, the Company sold its interests in
certain East Texas properties for $253million of net cash
proceeds with no corresponding gain or loss recognized.   
101 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY
NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003   Gabon divestiture.In October 2005, the
Company closed the sale of the shares in a Gabonese subsidiary
that owns the interest in the Olowi block for $479million
of net proceeds. A gain was recognized during the fourth quarter
of 2005 of $475million with no associated income tax
effect either in Gabon or the United States. In addition,
Pioneer retains the potential, under certain circumstances, to
receive additional payments for production from deeper
reservoirs discovered on the block.   Hedge derivative divestitures.During
the year ended December31, 2003, the Company terminated,
prior to their scheduled maturity, hedge derivatives for cash
sales proceeds of $183million. Net gains from these
divestitures were deferred and are amortized over the original
contract lives of the terminated derivatives as reductions to
interest expense or increases to oil and gas revenues. See
NoteJ for more information regarding deferred gains and
losses on terminated hedge derivatives.   
NOTEO.
Other
Expense   The following table provides the components of the
Companys other expense during the years ended
December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003   	
Year Ended
December31   2005   2004   2003   In thousands   Derivative ineffectiveness and
mark-to-market
provisions see NoteJ
56,318     4,341     2,831   Loss on early extinguishment of
debt see NoteF
26,464     1,457   Contingency accrual adjustments
see NoteI
11,767   13,552   1,776   Foreign currency remeasurement and
exchange lossesa
3,978   2,949   2,672   Noncompete agreement amortization
3,914   798     Minority interest in
subsidiaries net income
3,482   896     Postretirement obligation
revaluation
3,211        Argentine personal asset tax
1,251   1,094   1,996   Bad debt expense
452   3,674   354   Debt exchange offer costs see
NoteF
11   2,248     Canadian alliance marketing losses
see NoteI
1,218   922   Other charges
1,964   2,917   9,312   Total other expense
112,812     33,687     21,320   
a 
The Companys operations in Argentina, Canada and Africa
periodically recognize monetary assets and liabilities in
currencies other than their functional currencies see
NoteB for information regarding the functional currencies
of subsidiary entities. Associated therewith, the Company
realizes foreign currency remeasurement and transaction gains
and losses.   NOTEP.Income
Taxes   The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with the
provisions of SFASNo109, Accounting for
Income Taxes SFAS109. The Company and
its eligible subsidiaries file a consolidated United States
federal income tax return. Certain subsidiaries are not eligible
to be included in the consolidated United States federal income
tax return and separate provisions for income taxes have been
determined for these entities or groups of entities. The tax
returns and the amount of taxable income or loss are subject to
examination by United States   
102 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY
NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003   federal, state, local and foreign taxing authorities. Current
and estimated tax payments of $447million,
$171million and $53million were made during the
years ended December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively.   SFAS109 requires that the Company continually assess both
positive and negative evidence to determine whether it is more
likely than not that deferred tax assets can be realized prior
to their expiration. Pioneer monitors Company-specific, oil and
gas industry and worldwide economic factors and assesses the
likelihood that the Companys net operating loss
carryforwards NOLs and other deferred tax
attributes in the United States, state, local and foreign tax
jurisdictions will be utilized prior to their expiration. As of
December31, 2005 and 2004, the Companys valuation
allowances related to foreign and domestic tax jurisdictions
were $958million and $1082million, respectively.   In October 2004, the American Jobs Creation Act the
AJCA was signed into law. The AJCA includes a
deduction of 85percent of qualified foreign earnings that
are repatriated, as defined in the AJCA. During 2005, the
Company determined that it was advantageous to apply the
provisions of the AJCA to qualified foreign earnings that could
be repatriated. The Company formalized repatriation plans in
2005 and repatriated $3225million from Canada, South
Africa and Tunisia. Based on the current understanding of the
provisions of the AJCA, the Company estimates that approximately
$1707million of the repatriated funds qualify for the
dividend exclusion. The Company is obligated by the provisions
of the AJCA to invest the qualifying dividends in the United
States within a reasonable period of time. The cash tax
liability associated with the qualifying dividends is
approximately $93million for 2005. During the year ended
December31, 2005, the Company recognized income tax
expense of $68million related to continuing operations
and $196million related to discontinued operations
associated with the repatriations.   The Companys income tax provision benefit and amounts
separately allocated were attributable to the following items
for the years ended December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003   	
Year Ended
December31   2005   2004   2003   In thousands   Income from continuing operations
before cumulative effect of change in accounting principle
291,728     164,164     67,368     Income from discontinued operations
73,117   2,195   2,965   Cumulative effect of change in
accounting principle
1,312   Changes in
goodwilltax benefits related to stock based
compensation
7,255     8,955        Changes in stockholders
equity:
Net deferred hedge losses
166,572     73,340     51,064     Tax benefits related to
stock-based compensation
18,752     6,612     14,666     Translation adjustment
3,685   314     324        175,951     77,138     129,145     
103 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY
NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003   The Companys income tax provision benefit attributable
to income from continuing operations before cumulative effect of
change in accounting principle consisted of the following for
the years ended December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003   	
Year Ended
December31   2005   2004   2003   In thousands   Current   U.S.federal
13,104     2,500     100   U.S.state and local
254     602     Foreign
42,292   22,185   11,085   55,142   25,287   11,185   Deferred   U.S.federal
214,617   136,618   71,863     U.S.state and local
8,336   5,003   7,413     Foreign
13,633   2,744     723   236,586   138,877   78,553        291,728     164,164     67,368     Income from continuing operations before income taxes and
cumulative effect of change in accounting principle consists of
the following for the years ended December31, 2005, 2004
and 2003   	
Year Ended
December31   2005   2004   2003   In thousands   U.S.federal
547,547     471,181     327,039   Foreign
167,912   8,088     16,610        715,459     463,093     310,429   
104 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY
NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003   Reconciliations of the United States federal statutory tax rate
to the Companys effective tax rate for income from
continuing operations before cumulative effect of change in
accounting principle are as follows for the years ended
December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003   	
Year Ended
December31   2005   2004   2003   In percentages   U.S.federal statutory tax
rate
350   350   350   State income taxes net of federal
benefit
13   14   04   U.S.valuation allowance
changes
01     637     Foreign valuation allowancesa
16   53   140   Rate differential on foreign
operations
01   45   10     Argentine inflation adjustmenta
15     21     132     Gabon investment deduction
36   56        Gabon tax free book gain
23          Repatriation of foreign earnings
09        Other
20   31     68   Consolidated effective tax rate
408   354   217     
a 
The Company has applied an inflation adjustment to its Argentine
income tax returns since 2002 based on developing case law. The
Company believes that it is more likely than not that the
adjustment will be denied by the Argentine taxing authorities
and has provided a $589million valuation allowance
against this tax benefit in its overall foreign valuation
allowances as of December31, 2005.   
105 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY
NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003   The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to
significant portions of the deferred tax assets and deferred tax
liabilities are as follows as of December31, 2005 and
2004   	
December31   2005   2004   In thousands   Deferred tax assets:
Net operating loss carryforwards
191,314     303,002   Alternative minimum tax credit
carryforwards
10,725   4,144   Net deferred hedge losses
291,216   124,689   Asset retirement obligations
54,338   41,874   Other
95,073   110,677   Total deferred tax assets
642,666   584,386   Valuation allowances
95,750     108,214     Net deferred tax assets
546,916   476,172   Deferred tax liabilities:
Oil and gas properties,
principally due to differences in basis, depletion and the
deduction of intangible drilling costs for tax purposes
1,053,989   898,753   Other
101,378   71,685   Total deferred tax liabilities
1,155,367   970,438   Net deferred tax liability
608,451        494,266     At December31, 2005, the Company had NOLs for United
States, South Africa and other African countries for income tax
purposes as set forth below, which are available to offset
future regular taxable income in each respective tax
jurisdiction, if any. Additionally, the Company has alternative
minimum tax NOLs AMT NOLs in the United States
which are available to reduce future alternative minimum taxable
income, if any. These carryforwards expire as follows   	
South
Other
U.S.   Africa
African
Expiration Date   NOL   AMT NOL   NOL   NOLsa   In thousands   2018
100,460     52,906             2019
156,737   155,353        2020
20,861   19,746        2021
46,746   43,628        2022
41,780   39,950        2023
81,040   81,259        Indefinite
20,867   63,115     447,624     392,842     20,867     63,115   
a 
The Company believes that it is more likely than not that these
other African NOLs will not offset future taxable income and has
provided a valuation allowance against these deferred tax assets.   The Company believes $100million of the U.S.NOLs and
AMT NOLs are subject to Section382 of the Internal Revenue
Code and are limited in each taxable year to approximately
$20million. During the years ended   
106 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY
NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003   December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003, the Company utilized
$3549million, $1511million and $163million
of NOLs, respectively.   
NOTEQ.
Income
Per Share From Continuing Operations Before Cumulative Effect of
Change in Accounting Principle   Basic income per share from continuing operations before
cumulative effect of change in accounting principle is computed
by dividing income from continuing operations before cumulative
effect of change in accounting principle by the weighted average
number of common shares outstanding for the period. The
computation of diluted income per share from continuing
operations before cumulative effect of change in accounting
principle reflects the potential dilution that could occur if
securities or other contracts to issue common stock that are
dilutive to income from continuing operations before cumulative
effect of change in accounting principle were exercised or
converted into common stock or resulted in the issuance of
common stock that would then share in the earnings of the
Company.   The following table is a reconciliation of the basic income from
continuing operations before cumulative effect of change in
accounting principle to diluted income from continuing
operations before cumulative effect of change in accounting
principle for the years ended December31, 2005, 2004 and
2003   	
Year Ended
December31   2005   2004   2003   In thousands   Basic income from continuing
operations before cumulative effect of change in accounting
principle
423,731     298,929     377,797   Interest expense on convertible
notes, net of tax
3,207   802     Diluted income from continuing
operations before cumulative effect of change in accounting
principle
426,938     299,731     377,797   The following table is a reconciliation of the basic weighted
average common shares outstanding to diluted weighted average
common shares outstanding for the years ended December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003   	
Year Ended
December31   2005   2004   2003   In thousands   Weighted average common shares
outstandinga:
Basic
137,110   125,156   117,185   Dilutive common stock optionsb
1,136   1,218   1,112   Restricted stock awards
844   529   216   Convertible notes dilutionc
2,327   585     Diluted
141,417   127,488   118,513   
a 
During August 2005, the Board approved a share repurchase
program authorizing the purchase of up to $1billion of the
Companys common stock, $6407million of which was
completed in 2005 and $350million is subject to the
successful completion of the planned deepwater Gulf of Mexico
and Argentine divestments.   
b 
Common stock options to purchase 30,712shares and
976,506shares of common stock were outstanding but not
included in the computations of diluted income per share from
continuing operations before cumulative effect of change in
accounting principle for 2004 and 2003, respectively, because
the exercise prices of the options were greater than the average
market price of the common shares and would be anti-dilutive to
the computations.   
107 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY
NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003   
c 
Associated with the Evergreen merger, the Company assumed
convertible notes eligible for 23million shares of the
Companys common stock upon conversion.   
NOTER.
Geographic
Operating Segment Information   The Company has operations in only one industry segment, that
being the oil and gas exploration and production industry;
however, the Company is organizationally structured along
geographic operating segments or regions. The Company has
reportable operations in the United States, Argentina, Canada
and Africa and Other. Africa and Other is primarily comprised of
operations in Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, Morocco, Nigeria, South
Africa and Tunisia.   During 2005, the Company sold certain Canadian and United States
oil and gas properties having carrying values of
$589million and $314million, respectively, on
their dates of sale. The results of operations of those
properties have been reclassified as discontinued operations in
accordance with SFAS144 and are excluded from the
geographic operating segment information provided below. See
NoteV for information regarding the Companys
discontinued operations.   The following tables provide the Companys geographic
operating segment data required by SFASNo131,
Disclosure about Segments of an Enterprise and Related
Information, as well as results of operations of oil and
gas producing activities required by SFAS No69,
Disclosures about Oil and Gas Producing Activities
as of and for the years ended December31, 2005, 2004 and
2003. Geographic operating segment income tax benefits
provisions have been determined based on statutory rates
existing in the various tax jurisdictions where the Company has
oil and gas producing activities. The Headquarters
table column includes income and expenses that are not routinely
included in the earnings measures internally reported to
management on a geographic operating segment basis.   
108 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY
NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003   	
United
Africa
Consolidated
States   Argentina   Canada   and Other   Headquarters   Total   In thousands   Year Ended December31,
2005   Revenues and other income:
Oil and gas
1,734,412     172,187     114,357     194,721          2,215,677   Interest and other
97,050   97,050   Gain loss on disposition of
assets, net
12,114     221     47,352   1,251   60,496   1,746,526   172,187   114,136   242,073   98,301   2,373,223   Costs and expenses:
Oil and gas production
341,422   38,756   36,725   32,417     449,320   Depletion, depreciation and
amortization
401,320   84,618   31,469   29,252   21,359   568,018   Impairment of oil and gas properties
644     644   Exploration and abandonments
176,027   24,527   9,545   56,652     266,751   General and administrative
124,556   124,556   Accretion of discount on asset
retirement obligations
7,876   7,876   Interest
127,787   127,787   Other
112,812   112,812   918,769   147,901   77,739   118,965   394,390   1,657,764   Income loss from continuing
operations before income taxes
827,757   24,286   36,397   123,108   296,089     715,459   Income tax benefit provision
302,131     8,500     13,285     75,190     107,378   291,728     Income loss from continuing
operations
525,626     15,786     23,112     47,918     188,711        423,731   Costs incurred for oil and gas
assets
903,390     129,640     131,237     115,269          1,279,536   Segment assets as of
December31, 2005
5,899,637     735,191     363,773     170,484     160,149     7,329,234   
109 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY
NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003   	
United
Africa
Consolidated
States   Argentina   Canada   and Other   Headquarters   Total   In thousands   Year Ended December31,
2004   Revenues and other income:
Oil and gas
1,419,938     134,065     50,447     162,921          1,767,371   Interest and other
14,074   14,074   Gain loss on disposition of
assets, net
51     252        240   39   1,419,989   134,065   50,195   162,921   14,314   1,781,484   Costs and expenses:
Oil and gas production
232,613   33,174   18,810   31,510     316,107   Depletion, depreciation and
amortization
411,325   61,773   22,551   47,835   12,780   556,264   Impairment of oil and gas properties
39,684     39,684   Exploration and abandonments
98,984   23,406   19,061   39,299     180,750   General and administrative
80,302   80,302   Accretion of discount on asset
retirement obligations
8,210   8,210   Interest
103,387   103,387   Other
33,687   33,687   742,922   118,353   60,422   158,328   238,366   1,318,391   Income loss from continuing
operations before income taxes
677,067   15,712   10,227     4,593   224,052     463,093   Income tax benefit provision
247,129     5,499     3,861   1,413   83,190   164,164     Income loss from continuing
operations
429,938     10,213     6,366        6,006     140,862        298,929   Costs incurred for oil and gas
assets
2,876,185     102,452     120,626     74,906          3,174,169   Segment assets as of
December31, 2004
5,460,708     708,391     316,124     123,073     125,191     6,733,487   110 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY
NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003   	
United
Africa
Consolidated
States   Argentina   Canada   and Other   Headquarters   Total   In thousands   Year Ended December31,
2003   Revenues and other income:
Oil and gas
1,025,951     111,315     50,012     21,343          1,208,621   Interest and other
12,292   12,292   Gain loss on disposition of
assets, net
1,458     1     203     1,256   1,027,409   111,315   50,013   21,343   12,089   1,222,169   Costs and expenses:
Oil and gas production
182,476   26,110   16,710   2,887     228,183   Depletion, depreciation and
amortization
289,724   46,518   20,727   7,729   9,597   374,295   Exploration and abandonments
72,739   18,076   16,116   24,261     131,192   General and administrative
60,322   60,322   Accretion of discount on asset
retirement obligations
5,040   5,040   Interest
91,388   91,388   Other
21,320   21,320   544,939   90,704   53,553   34,877   187,667   911,740   Income loss from continuing
operations before income taxes and cumulative effect of change
in accounting principle
482,470   20,611   3,540     13,534     175,578     310,429   Income tax benefit provision
176,102     7,214     1,363   4,738   244,583   67,368   Income loss from continuing
operations before cumulative effect of change in accounting
principle
306,368     13,397     2,177        8,796        69,005     377,797   Costs incurred for oil and gas
assets
602,167     51,671     54,800     62,817          771,455   Segment assets as of
December31, 2003
2,645,153     675,425     224,921     159,747     246,326     3,951,572   NOTES.Impairment
of Oil and Gas Properties   During October 2004, the Company concluded that a material
charge for impairment was required under SFAS144 for its
Gabonese Olowi field as development of the discovery was
canceled. Due to significant increases in projected field
development costs, primarily due to increases in steel costs,
the project did not offer competitive returns. The Olowi field
was the Companys only Gabonese investment. During 2005 and
2004, the Company recorded an associated impairment charge to
eliminate the carrying value of the Companys Gabonese
Olowi field of $644,000 and $397million, respectively.   NOTET.Volumetric
Production Payments   During January 2005, the Company sold two percent of its total
proved reserves, or 205million Bbls oil equivalent
MMBOE of proved reserves, by means of two VPPs for
net proceeds of $5923million, including the assignment of
the Companys obligations under certain derivative hedge
agreements. Proceeds from the VPPs were   111 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY
NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003   initially used to reduce outstanding indebtedness. The first
January VPP sold 58billion cubic feet Bcf of
gas volumes over an expected five-year term that began in
February 2005 for $2752million. The second January VPP
sold 108million Bbls MMBbls of oil volumes
over an expected seven-year term that began in January 2006 for
$3171million.   During April 2005, the Company sold less than one percent of its
total proved reserves, or 73MMBOE of proved reserves, by
means of a VPP for net proceeds of $3003million,
including the assignment of the Companys obligations under
certain derivative hedge agreements. Proceeds from the VPP were
initially used to reduce outstanding indebtedness. The April VPP
sold 60 Bcf of gas volumes over an expected
32-month
term that began in May 2005 and 62MMBbls of oil volumes
over an expected five-year term that began in January 2006.   The Companys VPPs represent limited-term overriding
royalty interests in oil and gas reserves which:
ientitle the purchaser to receive production volumes
over a period of time from specific lease interests;
iiare free and clear of all associated future production
costs and capital expenditures; iiiare nonrecourse to
the Company i.e., the purchasers only recourse is to the
assets acquired; ivtransfers title of the assets to the
purchaser and vallow the Company to retain the assets
after the VPPs volumetric quantities have been delivered.   Under SFAS19, a VPP is considered a sale of proved
reserves. As a result, the Company iremoved the proved
reserves associated with the VPPs; iirecognized the VPP
proceeds as deferred revenue which are being amortized on a
unit-of-production
basis to oil and gas revenues over the terms of the VPPs;
iiiretained responsibility for 100percent of the
production costs and capital costs related to VPP interests and
ivno longer recognizes production associated with the
VPP volumes.   The following table represents the breakdown of the components
of the Companys VPPs   	
January VPPs   April VPP   Hugoton
Spraberry
Spraberry
Spraberry
Field Gas   Field Oil   Field Gas   Field Oil   Total   In thousands   VPP proceeds, net of transaction
costs
275,161     317,120     37,601     262,712     892,594   Fair value of derivatives
conveyeda
12,860   36,759   526     11,076     38,017   Deferred revenue
288,021   353,879   37,075   251,636   930,611   Less 2005 amortization
65,801        9,972        75,773     Deferred revenue at
December31, 2005
222,220     353,879     27,103     251,636     854,838   
a 
Represents the fair value of the derivative obligations conveyed
as part of the VPP transactions. The fair value was deferred in
AOCIHedging until the delivery of the VPP
volumes occurs at which time the fair value of the derivative
obligations attributable to the delivered volumes is being
recognized as increases or decreases to oil and gas revenues.
See NoteJ for additional discussion regarding the
Companys hedge positions.   
112 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY
NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003   The above deferred revenue amounts will be recognized in oil and
gas revenues in the Consolidated Statements of Operations as
noted below, assuming the related VPP production volumes are
delivered as scheduled in thousands   	
2006
190,327   2007
181,232   2008
158,138   2009
147,906   2010
90,215   2011
44,951   2012
42,069     854,838   NOTEU.Insurance
Claims   Hurricane Ivan.During September 2004,
the Company sustained damages as a result of Hurricane Ivan at
its Devils Tower and Canyon Express platform facilities in the
deepwater Gulf of Mexico. The damages delayed scheduled well
completions and interrupted production during the second half of
2004 and during the first half of 2005. The Company maintains
business interruption insurance coverage for such circumstances.
During 2004 and 2005, the Company filed claims with its
insurance providers for its estimated losses associated with
Hurricane Ivan.   Based on a settlement agreement between the Company and the
insurance providers, the Companys recoverable business
interruption loss related to Hurricane Ivan is
$670million. The Company recorded $76million and
$594million of the claims in the fourth quarter of 2004
and in the first half of 2005, respectively, in interest and
other income in the Companys Consolidated Statements of
Operations.   Fain Plant.During May 2005, the
Company sustained damages as a result of a fire at its Fain gas
plant in the West Panhandle field. The damages interrupted
production from mid-May through mid-July of 2005. The Company
maintains business interruption and physical damage insurance
coverage for such circumstances and has filed claims with its
insurance providers. The Company estimates its aggregate Fain
plant business interruption claims to be approximately
$19million to $20million, of which
$142million is undisputed by the insurance provider. The
Company is working to resolve the disputed amounts with the
insurance provider. The Company recorded $142million of
the claims in interest and other income in the Companys
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended
December31, 2005.   Hurricanes Katrina and Rita.During
August and September 2005, the Company sustained damages as a
result of Hurricanes Katrina and Rita at various facilities in
the Gulf of Mexico. Other than the East Cameron facility
discussed further below, the Company believes the damages to the
facilities are covered by physical damage insurance. The Company
also maintains business interruption insurance related to
specifically designated assets in the event there are extended
periods of revenue interruption.   The Company filed a business interruption claim with its
insurance provider related to its Devils Tower field resulting
from its inability to sell production as a result of damages to
third party facilities. The Companys business interruption
claim is expected to cover losses of revenues from mid-October
2005 end of
45-day
deductible waiting period until such point as the third party
facilities could take the full production from the Devils Tower
field, which the Company determined to have occurred in early
December 2005. At December31, 2005, the Company estimates
that its business interruption recovery on Devils Tower to be
$20million to $24million. The Company has not
recorded any estimated recoveries due to certain pending issues
which the Company expects to have resolved in the near future.   
113 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY
NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003   As a result of Hurricane Rita, the Companys East Cameron
facility was destroyed and the Company currently does not plan
to rebuild the facility based on the current economics of the
field. The Company is in the process of evaluating the magnitude
of the loss. Currently, the Company estimates that it will incur
a minimum of $44million to reclaim and completely abandon
the East Cameron facility; thus, the Company recorded an
additional abandonment obligation of approximately
$398million in 2005 which is included in exploration and
abandonments in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for
the year ended December31, 2005.   The Company filed a claim with its insurance provider regarding
the loss at East Cameron. Under the Companys insurance
policy, the East Cameron facility has the following coverages:
a$14million of scheduled property value for the
platform, b$4million of scheduled business
interruption insurance after a deductible waiting period,
cgreater of 125percent of the scheduled
property value of the platform or 2$5million for
debris removal coverage, in total, for all assets per occurrence
and d$100million of make well safe
coverage, in total, for all assets per occurrence.   In December 2005, the Company received the scheduled value for
the East Cameron assets and recognized a gain of
$97million, which is included in gain on disposition of
assets, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The
Company has not recorded any estimated business interruption
recoveries due to certain pending issues which the Company
expects to have resolved in the near future. The Company
believes that its debris removal and make well safe coverages,
in combination, will substantially cover the losses to be
incurred with the abandonment of the East Cameron facility. The
Company has not recorded any estimated recoveries related to
insurance due to the early nature of the claim and the need to
better quantify the claim.   
114 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY
NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003   NOTEV.Discontinued
Operations   During May 2005, the Company sold its interests in the Martin
Creek, Conroy Black and Lookout Butte assets in Canada for net
proceeds of $1972million, resulting in a gain of
$1383million and, during August 2005, sold certain assets
on the Gulf of Mexico shelf for net proceeds of
$591million, resulting in a gain of $277million.
Pursuant to SFAS144, the gains and the results of
operations from these assets have been reclassified to
discontinued operations. The following table represents the
components of the Companys discontinued operations for the
years ended December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003   	
Year ended
December31   2005   2004   2003   In thousands   Revenues and other income:
Oil and gas
43,909     65,292     65,250   Gain on disposition of assetsa
166,088        209,997   65,292   65,250   Costs and expenses:
Oil and gas production
14,426   29,397   26,567   Depletion, depreciation and
amortizationa
11,210   18,610   16,545   Exploration and abandonmentsa
240   939   1,568   General and administrative
167   226   223   26,043   49,172   44,903   Income from discontinued
operations before income taxes
183,954   16,120   20,347   Income tax provision:
Current
2,541          Deferreda
70,576     2,195     2,965     Income from discontinued operations
110,837     13,925     17,382   
a 
Represents the noncash components of discontinued operations
included in the Companys Consolidated Statements of Cash
Flows excluding approximately $36,000, $157,000 and $107,000 of
cash payments for delay rentals included in exploration and
abandonments for the years ended December31, 2005, 2004
and 2003, respectively.   NOTEW.Subsequent
Events   In January 2006, the Company entered into agreements to sell all
of its interests in its oil and gas assets in Argentina for
proceeds of approximately $675million, subject to normal
closing adjustments and the retention, subject to limitation, of
certain obligations. The sale is expected to close during the
latter part of the first quarter or in early April 2006. The
Company expects that upon closing of the sale, the results of
operations from these assets will be reflected as discontinued
operations in its future financial statements.   
115 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY   UNAUDITED
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION
Years Ended December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003   Capitalized
Costs   	
December31   2005   2004   In thousands   Oil and gas properties:
Proved
8,499,253     7,663,446   Unproved
313,881   461,170   Capitalized costs for oil and gas
properties
8,813,134   8,124,616   Less accumulated depletion,
depreciation and amortization
2,577,946     2,243,549     Net capitalized costs for oil and
gas properties
6,235,188     5,881,067   Costs
Incurred for Oil and Gas Producing Activities   	
Property
Asset
Total
Acquisition Costs   Exploration
Development
Retirement
Costs
Proved   Unproved   Costs   Costs   Obligations a   Incurred   In thousands   Year Ended December31,
2005   United States
167,814     60,561     217,723     448,383     8,909     903,390   Argentina
512   36,878   85,786   6,464   129,640   Canada
2,593   7,344   43,437   77,962   99     131,237   Africa and other
30,923   63,605   16,777   3,964   115,269   Total
170,407     99,340     361,643     628,908     19,238     1,279,536   Year Ended December31,
2004   United States
2,213,879     301,856     127,338     229,636     3,476     2,876,185   Argentina
49,745   49,937   2,770   102,452   Canada
46,988   20,921   33,406   13,036   6,275   120,626   Africa and other
18,238   32,932   21,178   2,558   74,906   Total
2,260,867     341,015     243,421     313,787     15,079     3,174,169   Year Ended December31,
2003   United States
130,876     12,264     191,809     228,064     39,154     602,167   Argentina
97   1,787   24,893   25,361   467     51,671   Canada
63   5,028   24,899   23,040   1,770   54,800   Africa and other
910   33,212   20,697   7,998   62,817   Total
131,036     19,989     274,813     297,162     48,455     771,455   
a 
The Company adopted SFAS143 on January1, 2003. See
NotesB and L for additional information regarding the
Companys asset retirement obligations.   Results
of Operations   Information about the Companys results of operations for
oil and gas producing activities by geographic operating segment
is presented in NoteR of the accompanying Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements.   
116 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY   UNAUDITED
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATIONContinued
Years Ended December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003   Reserve
Quantity Information   The estimates of the Companys proved oil and gas reserves
as of December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003, which are located
in the United States, Argentina, Canada, South Africa and
Tunisia, were based on evaluations prepared by the
Companys engineers and audited by independent petroleum
engineers with respect to the Companys major properties
and prepared by the Companys engineers with respect to all
other properties. Reserves were estimated in accordance with
guidelines established by the United States Securities and
Exchange Commission and the FASB, which require that reserve
estimates be prepared under existing economic and operating
conditions with no provision for price and cost escalations
except by contractual arrangements. The Company reports all
reserves held under production sharing arrangements and
concessions utilizing the economic interest method,
which excludes the host countrys share of proved reserves.
Estimated quantities for production sharing arrangements
reported under the economic interest method are
subject to fluctuations in the prices of oil and gas and
recoverable operating expenses and capital costs. If costs
remain stable, reserve quantities attributable to recovery of
costs will change inversely to changes in commodity prices. The
reserve estimates as of December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003
utilized respective oil prices of $5962, $4196 and
$3110per Bbl reflecting adjustments for oil quality,
respective NGL prices of $3634, $2912 and $2026per Bbl,
and respective gas prices of $636, $476 and $423per Mcf
reflecting adjustments for Btu content, gas processing and
shrinkage.   Oil and gas reserve quantity estimates are subject to numerous
uncertainties inherent in the estimation of quantities of proved
reserves and in the projection of future rates of production and
the timing of development expenditures. The accuracy of such
estimates is a function of the quality of available data and of
engineering and geological interpretation and judgment. Results
of subsequent drilling, testing and production may cause either
upward or downward revision of previous estimates. Further, the
volumes considered to be commercially recoverable fluctuate with
changes in prices and operating costs. The Company emphasizes
that reserve estimates are inherently imprecise and that
estimates of new discoveries are more imprecise than those of
currently producing oil and gas properties. Accordingly, these
estimates are expected to change as additional information
becomes available in the future.   Proved reserves at December31, 2005 include 92MMBOE
related to the ten-year extension periods contained in the
Companys Argentine concession agreements. Upon approval by
the government, the extension periods begin in 2016 and 2017
depending on the effective date that each concession agreement
was granted. The Company believes, based on historical
precedent, that such extensions will be obtained as a matter of
course. The Argentine proved reserves also assume that the oil
export tax expires as prescribed by law in February 2007 and
that Argentine oil prices have parity with worldwide oil prices.   The following table provides a rollforward of total proved
reserves by geographic area and in total for the years ended
December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003, as well as proved
developed reserves by geographic area and in total as of the
beginning and end of each respective year. Oil and NGL volumes
are expressed in thousands of Bbls MBbls, gas
volumes are expressed in MMcf and total volumes are expressed in
thousands of Bbls oil equivalent MBOE.   
117 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY   UNAUDITED
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATIONContinued
Years Ended December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003   	
Year Ended
December31   2005   2004   2003   Oil
Oil
Oil
NGLs
Gasa
NGLs
Gasa
NGLs
Gasa
MBbls   MMcf   MBOE   MBbls   MMcf   MBOE   MBbls   MMcf   MBOE   Total Proved Reserves   UNITED STATES   Balance, January 1
363,257   3,000,335   863,313   362,751   1,553,976   621,747   337,631   1,483,971   584,960   Revisions of previous estimates
5,471     141,473     29,049     4,671   25,764   8,965   36,823   94,759   52,616   Purchases of
minerals-in-place
65,800   83,179   79,663   11,803   1,571,053   273,646   4,422   57,124   13,942   New discoveries and extensions
225   103,616   17,494   1,017   56,690   10,465   250   80,769   13,712   Production
16,311     197,391     49,210     16,974     200,598     50,407     16,375     162,647     43,483     Sales of
minerals-in-place
21,729     97,410     37,964     11     6,550     1,103             Balance, December31
385,771   2,750,856   844,247   363,257   3,000,335   863,313   362,751   1,553,976   621,747   ARGENTINA   Balance, January1
33,168   560,374   126,564   33,469   549,856   125,112   31,532   532,081   120,211   Revisions of previous estimates
2,060   137,640     20,881     3,040     61,483     13,287     2,027   44,064   9,372   New discoveries and extensions
2,334   31,606   7,602   6,428   116,526   25,849   3,562   8,068   4,907   Production
3,538     50,017     11,874     3,689     44,525     11,110     3,652     34,357     9,378     Balance, December31
34,024   404,323   101,411   33,168   560,374   126,564   33,469   549,856   125,112   CANADA   Balance, January1
4,095   119,869   24,073   2,407   93,829   18,045   2,361   119,328   22,249   Revisions of previous estimates
434   15,887   3,082   710   8,580   2,140   344   14,920     2,143     Purchases of
minerals-in-place
292   49   823   22,127   4,511          New discoveries and extensions
652   55,130   9,840   541   10,656   2,317   73   4,630   845   Production
311     15,665     2,922     386   88   15,323     2,940     371     15,209     2,906     Sales of
minerals-in-place
2,447     44,999     9,947                    Balance, December31
2,423   130,514   24,175   4,095   119,869   24,073   2,407   93,829   18,045   AFRICA   Balance, January1
8,271     8,271   24,154     24,154   9,320     9,320   Revisions of previous estimates
184     184   12,111        12,111     1,817        1,817     New discoveries and extensions
2,043   60,395   12,109   502     502   17,374     17,374   Production
3,674        3,674     4,274        4,274     723        723     Balance, December31
6,824   60,395   16,890   8,271     8,271   24,154     24,154   TOTAL   Balance, January 1
408,791   3,680,578   1,022,221   422,781   2,197,661   789,058   380,844   2,135,380   736,740   Revisions of previous estimates
2,793     263,226     46,664     9,770     27,139     14,293     37,377   123,903   58,028   Purchases of
minerals-in-place
65,800   83,471   79,712   12,626   1,593,180   278,157   4,422   57,124   13,942   New discoveries and extensions
5,254   250,747   47,045   8,488   183,872   39,133   21,259   93,467   36,838   Production
23,834     263,073     67,680     25,323     260,446     68,731     21,121     212,213     56,490     Sales of
minerals-in-place
24,176     142,409     47,911     11     6,550     1,103             Balance, December31
429,042   3,346,088   986,723   408,791   3,680,578   1,022,221   422,781   2,197,661   789,058   
a
The proved gas reserves as of
December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003 include 306,303MMcf,
271,667MMcf and 82,729MMcf, respectively, of
gas that will be produced and utilized as field fuel. Field fuel
is gas consumed to operate field equipment primarily
compressors prior to the gas being delivered to a sales point.
The above production amounts for 2005, 2004 and 2003 include
approximately 14,452MMcf, 9,605MMcf and
8,221MMcf of field fuel, respectively.
118 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY   UNAUDITED
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATIONContinued
Years Ended December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003   	
Year Ended
December31   2005   2004   2003   Oil
Oil
Oil
NGLs
Gas
NGLs
Gas
NGLs
Gas
MBbls   MMcf   MBOE   MBbls   MMcf   MBOE   MBbls   MMcf   MBOE   Proved Developed
Reserves   United States
223,749   2,045,275   564,628   209,349   1,202,264   409,727   209,948   1,067,701   387,899   Argentina
20,565   320,616   74,001   21,149   352,660   79,926   22,180   402,640   89,287   Canada
3,849   107,547   21,773   2,312   86,500   16,728   2,042   90,003   17,042   Africa
8,271     8,271   6,817     6,817          Balance, January 1
256,434   2,473,438   668,673   239,627   1,641,424   513,198   234,170   1,560,344   494,228   United States
210,680   1,875,866   523,324   223,749   2,045,275   564,628   209,349   1,202,264   409,727   Argentina
20,844   282,815   67,980   20,565   320,616   74,001   21,149   352,660   79,926   Canada
2,202   99,025   18,706   3,849   107,547   21,773   2,312   86,500   16,728   Africa
5,477     5,477   8,271     8,271   6,817     6,817   Balance, December31
239,203   2,257,706   615,487   256,434   2,473,438   668,673   239,627   1,641,424   513,198   Standardized
Measure of Discounted Future Net Cash Flows   The standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows is
computed by applying year-end prices of oil and gas with
consideration of price changes only to the extent provided by
contractual arrangements to the estimated future production of
proved oil and gas reserves less estimated future expenditures
based on year-end costs to be incurred in developing and
producing the proved reserves, discounted using a rate of ten
percent per year to reflect the estimated timing of the future
cash flows. Future income taxes are calculated by comparing
undiscounted future cash flows to the tax basis of oil and gas
properties plus available carryforwards and credits and applying
the current tax rates to the difference. The discounted future
cash flow estimates do not include the effects of the
Companys commodity hedging contracts. Utilizing
December31, 2005 commodity prices held constant over each
hedge contracts term, the net present value of the
Companys hedge contracts, less associated estimated income
taxes and discounted at ten percent, was a liability of
approximately $436million at December31, 2005.   Discounted future cash flow estimates like those shown below are
not intended to represent estimates of the fair value of oil and
gas properties. Estimates of fair value should also consider
probable reserves, anticipated future oil and gas prices,
interest rates, changes in development and production costs and
risks associated with future production. Because of these and
other considerations, any estimate of fair value is necessarily
subjective and imprecise.   
119 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY   UNAUDITED
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATIONContinued
Years Ended December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003   The following tables provide the standardized measure of
discounted future cash flows by geographic area and in total for
the years ended December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003, as well
as a roll forward in total for each respective year   	
December31   2005   2004   2003   In thousands   UNITED STATES   Oil and gas producing activities:
Future cash inflows
37,171,750     28,373,520     17,760,911   Future production costs
10,911,204     8,232,530     5,440,383     Future development costs
2,757,072     1,829,937     1,188,394     Future income tax expense
7,552,644     5,612,935     3,057,968     15,950,830   12,698,118   8,074,166   10% annual discount factor
9,872,066     7,116,815     4,276,678     Standardized measure of discounted
future cash flows
6,078,764     5,581,303     3,797,488   ARGENTINA   Oil and gas producing activities:
Future cash inflows
2,256,468     1,747,737     1,257,068   Future production costs
366,362     289,742     233,399     Future development costs
353,182     234,309     136,663     Future income tax expense
282,661     221,733     161,683     1,254,263   1,001,953   725,323   10% annual discount factor
446,366     354,661     282,205     Standardized measure of discounted
future cash flows
807,897     647,292     443,118   CANADA   Oil and gas producing activities:
Future cash inflows
1,062,258     889,940     520,976   Future production costs
404,891     286,197     91,675     Future development costs
46,312     40,023     11,551     Future income tax expense
166,333     96,431     72,895     444,722   467,289   344,855   10% annual discount factor
190,655     190,822     126,436     Standardized measure of discounted
future cash flows
254,067     276,467     218,419   
120 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY   UNAUDITED
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATIONContinued
Years Ended December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003   	
December31   2005   2004   2003   In thousands   AFRICA   Oil and gas producing activities:
Future cash inflows
718,481     333,091     713,459   Future production costs
66,151     75,381     212,615     Future development costs
250,705     14,497     261,413     Future income tax expense
140,185     81,680     17,062     261,440   161,533   222,369   10% annual discount factor
105,271     23,520     98,141     Standardized measure of discounted
future cash flows
156,169     138,013     124,228   TOTAL   Oil and gas producing activities:
Future cash inflows
41,208,957     31,344,288     20,252,414   Future production costs
11,748,608     8,883,850     5,978,072     Future development costsa
3,407,271     2,118,766     1,598,021     Future income tax expense
8,141,823     6,012,779     3,309,608     17,911,255   14,328,893   9,366,713   10% annual discount factor
10,614,358     7,685,818     4,783,460     Standardized measure of discounted
future cash flows
7,296,897     6,643,075     4,583,253   
a 
Includes $3575million, $2581million and
$2081million of undiscounted future asset retirement
expenditures estimated as of December31, 2005, 2004 and
2003, respectively, using current estimates of future
abandonment costs. See NotesB and L for corresponding
information regarding the Companys discounted asset
retirement obligations.   121 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY   UNAUDITED
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATIONContinued
Years Ended December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003   Changes
in Standardized Measure of Discounted Future Net Cash
Flows   	
Year Ended
December31   2005   2004   2003   In thousands   Oil and gas sales, net of
production costs
2,227,267        1,719,990        1,136,520     Net changes in prices and
production costs
3,932,683   2,082,706   670,165   Extensions and discoveries
459,251   302,794   413,777   Development costs incurred during
the period
446,978   249,890   202,396   Sales of
minerals-in-place
1,492,864     14,222        Purchases of
minerals-in-place
645,315   2,058,195   198,442   Revisions of estimated future
development costs
907,229     447,828     444,726     Revisions of previous quantity
estimates
595,873     140,950   458,468   Accretion of discount
908,047   644,238   514,608   Changes in production rates,
timing and other
78,880   167,400     71,557     Change in present value of future
net revenues
1,247,921   3,129,333   805,053   Net change in present value of
future income taxes
594,099     1,069,511     348,352     653,822   2,059,822   456,701   Balance, beginning of year
6,643,075   4,583,253   4,126,552   Balance, end of year
7,296,897     6,643,075     4,583,253   
122 Table of Contents   PIONEER
NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY   UNAUDITED
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATIONContinued
Years Ended December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003   Selected
Quarterly Financial Results   The following table provides selected quarterly financial
results for the years ended December31, 2005 and 2004   	
Quarter   First   Second   Third   Fourth   In thousands, except per share
data   Year ended December31,
2005   Oil and gas revenues, as reported
520,312     544,600     558,382     622,207   Less discontinued operations
19,948     9,876          Total oil and gas revenues, as
restated
500,364     534,724     558,382     622,207   Total revenues, as reported
550,866     592,644     568,236     691,301   Less discontinued operations
19,948     9,876          Total revenues, as restated
530,918     582,768     568,236     691,301   Total costs and expenses, as
reported
414,346     387,125     421,166     452,851   Less discontinued operations
11,655     6,069          Total costs and expenses, as
restated
402,691     381,056     421,166     452,851   Net income
84,657     185,559     123,573     140,779   Net income per share:
Basic
59     132     90     111   Diluted
58     128     88     108   Year ended December31,
2004   Oil and gas revenues, as reported
435,527     435,930     441,724     519,482   Less discontinued operations
14,942     16,346     16,149     17,855     Total oil and gas revenues, as
restated
420,585     419,584     425,575     501,627   Total revenues, as reported
437,249     437,308     443,151     529,068   Less discontinued operations
14,942     16,346     16,149     17,855     Total revenues, as restated
422,307     420,962     427,002     511,213   Total costs and expenses, as
reported
337,284     315,847     338,708     375,724   Less discontinued operations
13,526     11,472     11,673     12,501     Total costs and expenses, as
restated
323,758     304,375     327,035     363,223   Net income
60,188     69,702     80,916     102,048   Net income per share:
Basic
51     59     68     71   Diluted
50     58     67     69   During May and August 2005, the Company sold certain Canadian
and United States Gulf of Mexico shelf assets, respectively,
that qualified as discontinued operations pursuant to
SFAS144. In accordance with SFAS144, the Company
reclassified the results of operations and gains on the sales of
the divested assets from continuing operations to discontinued
operations in the Companys consolidated statements of
operations. See NoteV of Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information regarding these
divestitures that gave rise to the adjustments in the tables
above.   
123 Table of Contents   
Item1A.
Risk Factors
10
Item1B.
Unresolved Staff
Comments
14
Item2.
Properties
14
Proved Reserves
15
Description of
Properties
17
Selected Oil and
Gas Information
23
Item3.
Legal
Proceedings
31
Item4.
CONTROLS
AND PROCEDURES   Evaluation of disclosure controls and
procedures.The Companys management,
with the participation of its principal executive officer and
principal financial officer, have evaluated, as required by
Rule13a-15b
under the Exchange Act, the Companys disclosure controls
and procedures as defined in Exchange Act
Rule13a-15e
as of the end of the period covered by this Report. Based on
that evaluation, the principal executive officer and principal
financial officer concluded that the design and operation of the
Companys disclosure controls and procedures are effective
in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by the
Company in the reports that it files or submits under the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the SECs rules and
forms.   Changes in internal control over financial
reporting.There have been no changes in the
Companys internal control over financial reporting as
defined in
Rule13a-15f
under the Exchange Act that occurred during the Companys
last fiscal quarter that have materially affected or are
reasonably likely to materially affect the Companys
internal control over financial reporting.   MANAGEMENTS
REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING   The management of the Company is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting. The Companys internal control over financial
reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the
Companys Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the
Companys financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.   As of December31, 2005, management assessed the
effectiveness of the Companys internal control over
financial reporting based on the criteria for effective internal
control over financial reporting established in Internal
ControlIntegrated Framework, issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission. Based on the assessment, management determined that
the Company maintained effective internal control over financial
reporting as of December31, 2005, based on those criteria.   Ernst Young LLP, the independent registered public
accounting firm that audited the consolidated financial
statements of the Company included in this Annual Report on
Form10-K,
has issued an attestation report on managements assessment
of the effectiveness of the Companys internal control over
financial reporting as of December31, 2005. The report,
which expresses unqualified opinions on managements
assessment and on the effectiveness of the Companys
internal control over financial reporting as of
December31, 2005, is included in this Item under the
heading Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting.   
124 Table of Contents   REPORT OF
INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL
REPORTING   The Board of
Directors and Stockholders of
Pioneer Natural Resources Company   We have audited managements assessment, included in the
accompanying Managements Report on Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting, that Pioneer Natural Resources Company and
subsidiaries the Company maintained effective
internal control over financial reporting as of
December31, 2005, based on criteria established in
Internal ControlIntegrated Framework issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission the COSO criteria. The Companys
management is responsible for maintaining effective internal
control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on managements
assessment and an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Companys internal control over financial reporting based
on our audit.   We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control
over financial reporting was maintained in all material
respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of
internal control over financial reporting, evaluating
managements assessment, testing and evaluating the design
and operating effectiveness of internal control, and performing
such other procedures as we considered necessary in the
circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable
basis for our opinion.   A companys internal control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. A companys
internal control over financial reporting includes those
policies and procedures that 1pertain to the maintenance
of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
company; 2provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of
management and directors of the company; and 3provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
companys assets that could have a material effect on the
financial statements.   Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over
financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.   In our opinion, managements assessment that the Company
maintained effective internal control over financial reporting
as of December31, 2005, is fairly stated, in all material
respects, based on the COSO criteria. Also, in our opinion, the
Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal
control over financial reporting as of December31, 2005,
based on the COSO criteria.   We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the
consolidated balance sheets as of December31, 2005 and
2004 and the related consolidated statements of operations,
stockholders equity, cash flows and comprehensive income
for each of the three years in the period ended
December31, 2005 of the Company and our report dated
February15, 2006 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.   Ernst Young LLP   Dallas, Texas   February15, 2006   
125 Table of Contents   