Item8.
Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data   Reference is made to the financial statements, the notes
thereto, and the report thereon, commencing on
pageF-1
of this report, which financial statement, notes, and report are
incorporated herein by reference.   
Item1.   BUSINESS   1   Item1A.   RISK FACTORS   23   Item1B.   UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS   34   Item2.   PROPERTIES   34   Item3.   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   38   Item4.
Controls
and Procedures   Evaluation
of Controls and Procedures   We have evaluated, with the participation of our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures as of September30,
2007. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer have each concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures are effective to ensure that we record,
process, summarize, and report information required to be
disclosed by us in our quarterly reports filed under the
Securities Exchange Act within the time periods specified by the
Securities and Exchange Commissions rules and forms.
During the fiscal year covered by this report, there have not
been any changes in our internal controls over financial
reporting that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting.   Subsequent to the date of their evaluation, there have not been
any significant changes in our internal controls or in other
facts that could significantly affect these controls, including
any corrective action with regard to significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses.   Managements
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting   Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term
is defined in
Rule13a-15f
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Under the supervision
and with the participation of the Companys management,
including its principal executive officer and principal
financial officer, the Company conducted an evaluation of the
effectiveness of the Companys internal control over
financial reporting as of September30, 2007 as required by
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
Rule13a-15c.
In making this assessment, the Company used the criteria set
forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control
Integrated Framework. Based on its evaluation, management
concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was
effective as of September30, 2007.   The Companys internal control over financial reporting as
of September30, 2007 has been audited by Ernst and Young
LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated
in their report which appears below.   REPORT OF
INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   The Board of Directors and Shareholders of   MarineMax, Inc.   We have audited MarineMax, Inc.s internal control over
financial reporting as of September30, 2007 based on
criteria established in Internal Control Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring   
49 Table of Contents   Organizations of the Treadway Commission the COSO criteria.
MarineMax, Inc.s management is responsible for maintaining
effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its
assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over
financial reporting included in the accompanying
managements report on internal control over financial
reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
companys internal control over financial reporting based
on our audit.   We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control
over financial reporting was maintained in all material
respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of
internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk
that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the
design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on
the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we
considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our
audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.   A companys internal control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. A companys
internal control over financial reporting includes those
policies and procedures that 1pertain to the maintenance
of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
company; 2provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of
management and directors of the company; and 3provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
companys assets that could have a material effect on the
financial statements.   Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over
financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.   In our opinion, MarineMax, Inc. maintained, in all material
respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as
of September30, 2007, based on the COSO criteria.   We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the
consolidated balance sheets of MarineMax, Inc. as of
September30, 2007 and 2006, and the related statements of
operations, comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and
cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
September30, 2007 of MarineMax, Inc. and our report dated
December6, 2007 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.   /s/Ernst
Young LLP   Certified Public Accountants   Tampa, Florida   December6, 2007   
Item1.   BUSINESS   1   Item1A.   RISK FACTORS   23   Item1B.   UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS   34   Item2.   PROPERTIES   34   Item3.   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   38   Item4.
Directors,
Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance   The information required by this Item relating to our directors
is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive Proxy
Statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation14A of the
Exchange Act for our 2008 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The
information required by this Item relating to our executive
officers included in Business Executive
Officers.   
