Item 8.Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data The following consolidated financial statements
of Molecular Devices and financial statement schedules are
attached to this report as pages 32 through 51. Financial Statements   
Report of Ernst Young LLP, Independent
Auditors
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of
December31, 2003 and 2002
Consolidated Statements of Operations for each of
the three years in the period ended December31, 2003
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders
Equity for the three years in the period ended December31,
2003
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of
the three years in the period ended December31, 2003
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Financial Statement Schedules ScheduleII Valuation and
Qualifying Accounts All other schedules are omitted because they are
not applicable or the required information is shown in the
consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. Item2.
Properties
18
Item3.
Legal Proceedings
19
Item4.
Submission of Matters to a
Vote of Security Holders
19
part II
Item5.
Market for Registrants
Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters
19
Item6.Controls and
Procedures Evaluation of disclosure controls and
procedures. Based on our
managements evaluation with the participation of our
chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as of the
end of the period covered by this report, our chief executive
officer and chief financial officer have concluded that, subject
to limitations described below, our disclosure controls and
procedures as defined in Securities Exchange Act
Rules13a-15e and 15d-15e are effective to ensure that
the information required to be disclosed by us in reports that
we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Table of Contents 27 Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and
Exchange Commission rules and forms. Changes in internal controls.
There was no change in our
internal control over financial reporting during our fourth
fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. Limitations on the effectiveness of
controls. Our management,
including our chief executive officer and chief financial
officer, does not expect that our control systems will prevent
all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well
conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not
absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system
are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect
the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits
of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because
of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no
evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all
control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within Molecular
Devices Corporation have been detected. These inherent
limitations include the realities that judgments in
decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur
because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can
be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by
collusion of two or more people or by management override of the
control. The design of any system of controls also is based in
part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future
events, and there can be no assurance that any design will
succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future
conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of
changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the
policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent
limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements
due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.
Accordingly, our disclosure controls and procedures are designed
to provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the
objectives of our disclosure control system are met and, as set
forth above, our chief executive officer and chief financial
officer have concluded, based on their evaluation as of the end
of the period covered by this report, that our disclosure
controls and procedures were sufficiently effective to provide
reasonable assurance that the objectives of our disclosure
control system were met. part III 