Item8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data The following is an index to the consolidated financial statements   
Page   
Number   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
58
Consolidated Balance Sheets
59
Consolidated Statements of Operations
60
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity
61
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
62
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
63
57 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Ciena Corporation In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements listed in the accompanying index present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Ciena Corporation and its subsidiaries
the Company at October31, 2010 and 2009, and the results of their operations and their cash
flows for each of the three years in the period ended October31, 2010 in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the
Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting
as of October31, 2010, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO. The
Companys management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective
internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal
control over financial reporting, included in the Report of Management on Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on these financial
statements and on the Companys internal control over financial reporting based on our integrated
audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all
material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included
obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a
material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of
internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other
procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinions. As
discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the
manner in which it accounts for business combinations in fiscal 2010. A companys internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. A companys internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and
procedures that ipertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately
and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; iiprovide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and
directors of the company; and iiiprovide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the companys assets that could have
a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent
or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods
are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or
that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. As described in the Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting under
