ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
Our audited financial statements, including our consolidated balance
sheets and consolidated statements of operations, cash flows, stockholders'
equity, and notes related thereto, are included at pages 33 to 48 of this
report.
Item 1   Business                                         Page 3
Item 1A   Risk Factors                                       Page 6
Item 1B. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
As required by Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, we have carried out an
evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure
controls and procedures as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15e as of the
end of the period covered by this report. This evaluation was carried out under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our
Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer. Based upon that
evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of
December 31, 2005. During our fourth fiscal quarter, there were no changes in
our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or
that are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting. We intend to periodically evaluate our disclosure controls
and procedures as required by the Exchange Act Rules.
Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that
are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports
filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange
Commission rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include
controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be
disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and
communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding
disclosures.
We have confidence in our internal controls and procedures. Nevertheless,
our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial
Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our
internal controls will prevent all errors or intentional fraud. An internal
control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only
reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of such internal
controls are met. Further, the design of an internal control system must reflect
the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must
be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in
all internal control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute
assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been
detected.
Item 1   Business                                         Page 3
Item 1A   Risk Factors                                       Page 6
Item 1B. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
The information respecting executive officers and directors set forth
under the captions Election of Directors; Information Concerning Directors and
Executive Officers, Corporate Governance; Board of Directors; Committees of
the Board of Directors, Corporate Governance; Section 16a Beneficial
Ownership Reporting Compliance, and Corporate Governance; Code of Business
Conduct and Ethics in our Proxy Statement for the 2006 annual meeting of
stockholders, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in
accordance with Rule 14a-6 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference; provided, that the
Audit Committee Report for 2005 contained in the Proxy Statement is not
incorporated by reference.
