Item8. Financial Statements and Supplementary DataReport of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm48Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September30, 2016 and 201550Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended September30, 2016, 2015 and 201451Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss Income for the years ended September30, 2016, 2015 and 201452Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September30, 2016, 2015 and 201453Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended September30, 2016, 2015 and 201455Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements5647Table of ContentsREPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholders ofBrooks Automation, Inc.In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2016, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive loss income, of changes in equity, and of cash flows for the year then ended present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Brooks Automation, Inc. and its subsidiaries as of September 30, 2016, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the year then endedin conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework2013 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO. The Company management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Managements Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on these financial statements and on the Company internal control over financial reporting based on our integrated audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of the financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinions.As discussed in Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it classifies deferred taxes in year 2016.A companys internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A companys internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that ipertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; iiprovide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and iiiprovide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the companys assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.As described in Managements Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, management has excluded BioStorage Technologies, Inc. from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016 because it was acquired by the Company in a purchase business combination during 2016. We have also excluded BioStorage Technologies, Inc. from our audit of internal control over financial reporting. BioStorage Technologies, Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary whose total assets and total revenues represent 74% and 80%, respectively, of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended September 30, 2016./s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLPBoston, Massachusetts November 29, 2016 48Table of ContentsREPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM Board of Directors and StockholdersBrooks Automation, Inc.Chelmsford, MassachusettsWe have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Brooks Automation, Inc. as of September 30, 2015 and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss income, changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended September 30, 2015. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Companys management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Brooks Automation, Inc. at September 30, 2015 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended September 30, 2015, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America./s/ BDO USA, LLPBoston, MassachusettsNovember 5, 2015, except for the effect of changes to disclosures for segment reporting, equity method investments and the adoption of ASU 2015-17 discussed in Note 20, Note 8 and Note 12, respectively, as to which the date is November 29, 201649Table of ContentsBROOKS AUTOMATION, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETSSeptember30, 2016September30, 2015In thousands, except share and per share dataAssetsCurrent assetsCash and cash  securities3970,021Accounts receivable,  held for sale2,900Prepaid expenses and other current assets15,26515,158Total current assets299,334355,868Property, plant and equipment, net54,88541,855Long-term marketable  deferred tax  assets, net81,84355,446Equity method investments27,27324,308Other assets12,3549,397Total  and Stockholders' EquityCurrent liabilitiesAccounts payable$41,128$44,890Deferred revenue14,96617,886Accrued warranty and retrofit costs6,3246,089Accrued compensation and benefits21,25420,401Accrued restructuring costs5,9392,073Accrued income taxes payable7,5546,111Accrued expenses and other current liabilities22,62815,550Total current  tax reserves2,6813,644Long-term deferred tax  pension liabilities2,5573,118Other long-term liabilities4,2713,400Total  and contingencies Note 22Stockholders' EquityPreferred stock, $001 par value- 1,000,000 shares authorized, no shares issued or outstandingCommon stock, $001 par value- 125,000,000 shares authorized, 82,220,270 shares issued and 68,758,401 shares outstanding at September 30, 2016, 81,093,052 shares issued and 67,631,183 shares outstanding at September30, 2015821811Additional paid-in  other comprehensive income15,1665,898Treasury stock, at cost- 13,461,869   stockholders' equity553,690632,045Total liabilities and stockholders' equity$685,905$758,702The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements50Table of ContentsBROOKS AUTOMATION, INC.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONSYear Ended September 30,201620152014In thousands, except per share   of  cost of   expensesResearch and  general and  and other charges12,0394,7136,289Total operating  income  income452899950Interest expense157395202Other expense income, net579421256Income loss before income taxes and earnings losses of equity method  tax provision  income before earnings losses of equity method  in earnings losses of equity method  income from continuing  from discontinued operations, net of tax30,002Net loss income 69,47614,22131,522Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests161Net loss income attributable to Brooks Automation,  net loss income per share attributable to Brooks Automation, Inc. common stockholders:Loss income from continuing  from discontinued operations, net of tax045Basic net loss income per share attributable to Brooks Automation, Inc.$101$021$047Diluted net loss income per share attributable to Brooks Automation, Inc. common stockholders:Loss income from continuing  from discontinued operations, net of tax044Diluted net loss income per share attributable to Brooks Automation, Inc. common  declared per  shares used in computing earnings loss per  accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements51Table of ContentsBROOKS AUTOMATION, INC.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS INCOMEYear Ended September30,201620152014In thousandsNet loss income $69,476$14,221$31,522Other comprehensive income loss, net of tax:Cumulative foreign currency translation  gains losses on marketable securities, net of tax effects of $58, $83 and $62 for fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014106141104Change in fair value of cash flow hedges, net of tax impact of $9 for fiscal year 201414Actuarial losses, net of tax effects of $161, $115 and $471 for fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014322605503Pension settlement232Pension curtailment852Total other comprehensive income loss, net of  income attributable to noncontrolling interests161Comprehensive loss income attributable to Brooks Automation, Inc., net of tax$60,208$4,432$24,444The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements52Table of ContentsBROOKS AUTOMATION, INC.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWSYear Ended September 30,201620152014In thousandsCash flows from operating activitiesNet loss  to reconcile net loss income to net cash provided by operating activities:Depreciation and  of intangible assets398Impairment of other assets8072,621Stock-based  of premium on marketable securities and deferred financing  earnings losses of equity method  income tax provision  on write-downs of assets held for sale1,944Pension settlement232Gain on disposal of businesses8527,444Gain loss on disposal of long-lived assets4113Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions and disposals:Accounts  expenses and other current    warranty and retrofit costs2904071,102Accrued compensation and tax  restructuring costs3,8601,2472,161Accrued pension costs811812997Accrued expenses and other current liabilities2,2295,2511,873Net cash provided by operating  flows from investing activitiesPurchases of property, plant and  of marketable  and maturities of marketable  from  for a loan  net of cash  in restricted cash177Proceeds from liquidation of a joint venture1,778Purchases of other  from sales of property, plant and equipment2,8066Net cash used in investing  flows from financing activitiesProceeds from line of credit366Proceeds from issuance of common stock1,8881,8071,838Principal repayments of capital lease obligations239Payment of deferred financing costs708Acquisitions of noncontrolling interest3,189Repayment of debt assumed in business acquisition8,829Common stock dividends  cash used in financing  of exchange rate changes on cash and cash  increase decrease in cash and cash  and cash equivalents, beginning of year80,72294,11482,971Cash and cash equivalents, end of year$85,086$80,722$94,114The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements53Table of ContentsBROOKS AUTOMATION, INC.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS ContinuedYear Ended September 30,201620152014In thousandsSupplemental disclosures:Cash paid for interest$114$395$202Cash paid for income taxes,  disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities:Acquisition of buildings and land through capital lease 8,537Derecognition of a capital lease obligation and the related assets7,804The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements54Table of ContentsBROOKS AUTOMATION, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITYCommonStockShares CommonStock atParValue AdditionalPaid-InCapital  TreasuryStock  NoncontrollingInterests inSubsidiaries TotalEquity In thousands, except share dataBalance September30,  issued under stock option, restricted stock and purchase plans,   stock dividends declared, at $034 per  of noncontrolling   currency translation  in unrealized losses on marketable securities, net of tax effects of $62104104104Changes in unrealized losses on cash flow hedges, net of tax effects of $91414Actuarial losses arising in the year, net of tax effects of $471503503503Balance September30,  issued under restricted stock and purchase plans,   stock dividends declared, at $040 per   currency translation  in unrealized gains on marketable securities, net of tax effects of $83141141141Actuarial losses arising in the year, net of tax effects of  of pension settlement in earnings232232232Balance September30,  issued under restricted stock and purchase plans,   stock dividends declared, at $040 per   currency translation  in unrealized losses on marketable securities, net of tax effects of $58106106106Actuarial losses arising in the year, net of tax effects of $161322322322Pension curtailment852852852Balance September30,  accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements55Table of ContentsBROOKS AUTOMATION, INC.NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS1.Nature of the BusinessBrooks Automation, Inc. Brooks, or the Company is leading global provider of automation and cryogenic solutions for multiple applications and markets. The Company primarily serves the semiconductor capital equipment market and sample management market for life sciences. The Company technologies, engineering competencies and global service capabilities provide customers speed to market and ensure high uptime and rapid response, which equate to superior value in their mission-critical controlled environments. Since 1978, the Company has been a leading partner to the global semiconductor manufacturing markets. The Company has expanded its products and services through product development initiatives and strategic business acquisitions to meet the needs of customers in the life science and technology markets adjacent to semiconductor. In the second quarter of fiscal year 2014, the Company determined that its Granville-Phillips Gas Analysis Vacuum Measurement, or Granville-Phillips, business met the criteria of being reported as a discontinued operation. As a result, the Companys historical financial statements have been revised to present the operating results of the Granville-Phillips business as a discontinued operation. The results of operations from the Granville-Phillips business are presented as Income from discontinued operations, net of tax in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company has not separated cash flows of the Granville-Phillips business from those of its continuing operations and has not revised its historical statements of cash flows. Unless otherwise noted, the discussion in the notes to these Consolidated Financial Statements relates solely to the Company continuing operations.Revision of Prior Period Financial StatementsDuring fiscal year 2016, the Company identified a classification error related to a presentation of cost of product and service revenue in the Company consolidated statements of operations for the quarterly and annual periods beginning in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2014 through the quarterly period ended March31, 2016. The classification error had no impact on the total cost of revenue, gross profit, operating income loss, net loss income, as well as basic and diluted net loss income per share during any of the periods presented. Additionally, the classification error had no impact on the Company consolidated balance sheets and consolidated statements of cash flows during any of the prior periods. The Company considered the guidance in Accounting Standard Codification ASC Topic 250, Accounting Changes and Error Corrections, ASC Topic 250-10-S99-1, Assessing Materiality, and ASC Topic 250-10-S99-2, Considering the Effects of Prior Year Misstatements when Quantifying Misstatements in Current Year Financial Statements in evaluating whether the Companys previously issued Consolidated Financial Statements were materially misstated. The Company concluded this classification error was not material individually or in the aggregate to the financial statements presented during any of the prior reporting periods, and therefore, amendments of previously filed reports were not required. The revisions for these corrections to the applicable prior periods are reflected in the financial information herein and will be reflected in future filings containing such financial information.The following table summarizes the effects of the classification error on the annual prior period financial statements in thousands:56Table of ContentsFiscal Year Ended September 30, 2015As Previously ReportedAdjustmentAs RevisedCost of product  of service revenue55,7389,51765,255Total cost of  Year Ended September 30, 2014As Previously ReportedAdjustmentAs RevisedCost of product  of service revenue62,8232,42065,243Total cost of  of Significant Accounting Policies Principles of Consolidation and Basis of Presentation The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of the Company and its majority-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The Company applies equity method of accounting to investments that provide it with ability to exercise significant influence over the entities in which it lacks controlling financial interest and is not a primary beneficiary. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Significant estimates are associated with recording accounts receivable, inventories, goodwill, intangible assets other than goodwill, long-lived assets, derivative financial instruments, deferred income taxes, warranty and pension obligations, revenue recognized in accordance with the percentage of completion method, and stock-based compensation expense. The Company assesses the estimates on an ongoing basis and records changes in estimates in the period they occur and become known. Actual results could differ from these estimates. Business CombinationsThe Company accounts for business acquisitions using the acquisition method of accounting, in accordance with which assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at their respective fair values at the acquisition date. The fair value of the consideration paid, including contingent consideration, is assigned to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their respective fair values. Goodwill represents excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed.Significant judgments are used in determining fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, as well as intangibles. Fair value and useful life determinations are based on, among other factors, estimates of future expected cash flows, royalty cost savings and appropriate discount rates used in computing present values. These judgments may materially impact the estimates used in allocating acquisition date fair values to assets acquired and liabilities assumed, as well as the Company current and future operating results. Actual results may vary from these estimates which may result in adjustments to goodwill and acquisition date fair values of assets and liabilities during a measurement period or upon a final determination of asset and liability fair values, whichever occurs first. Adjustments to fair values of assets and liabilities made after the end of the measurement period are recorded within the Company operating results.Changes in the fair value of a contingent consideration resulting from a change in the underlying inputs are recognized in results of operations until the arrangement is settled.Foreign Currency Translation Certain transactions of the Company and its subsidiaries are denominated in currencies other than their functional currency. Foreign currency exchange gains losses generated from the settlement and remeasurement of these transactions are 57Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continuedrecognized in earnings and presented within Other expense income, net in the Company Consolidated Statements of Operations. Net foreign currency transaction and remeasurement losses gains totaled $19 million, $05 millionand $12 millionfor the fiscal years ended September30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The determination of the functional currency of the Company subsidiaries is based on their financial and operational environment and is the local currency of all of the Company foreign subsidiaries. The subsidiaries' assets and liabilities are translated into the reporting currency at period-end exchange rates, while revenue, expenses, gains and losses are translated at the average exchange rates during the period. Gains and losses from foreign currency translations are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income in the Company Consolidated Balance Sheets and presented as a component of comprehensive income loss in the Company Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Loss.Derivative Financial InstrumentsAll derivatives, whether designated as a hedging relationship or not, are recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value. The accounting for changes in fair value of a derivative instrument depends on whether it has been designated and qualifies as part of a hedging relationship and the type of hedging relationship. For those derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as hedging instruments, the Company must designate the hedging instrument as a fair value hedge, cash flow hedge or a hedge of a net investment in a foreign operation based on the exposure being hedged. Certain derivatives held by the Company are not designated as hedges but are used in managing exposure to changes in foreign exchange rates.A fair value hedge is a derivative instrument designated for the purpose of hedging the exposure of changes in fair value of an asset or a liability resulting from a particular risk. If the derivative is designated as a fair value hedge, the changes in the fair value of the derivative and of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk are both recognized in the results of operations and presented in the same caption in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Loss.A cash flow hedge is a derivative instrument designated for the purpose of hedging the exposure to variability in future cash flows resulting from a particular risk. If the derivative is designated as a cash flow hedge, the effective portions of changes in the fair value of the derivative are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income and recognized in the results of operations when the hedged item affects earnings. Ineffective portions of changes in the fair value of cash flow hedges are recognized in the results of operations. A hedge of a net investment in a foreign operation is achieved through a derivative instrument designated for the purpose of hedging the exposure of changes in value of investments in foreign subsidiaries. If the derivative is designated as a hedge of a net investment in a foreign operation, the effective portions of changes in the fair value of the derivative are recorded in other comprehensive income as a part of the foreign currency translation adjustment. Ineffective portions of net investment hedges are recognized in the results of operations. For derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments, changes in fair value are recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations as gains or losses consistent with the classification of the underlying risk.Concentration of Credit Risk Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash deposits and cash equivalents, marketable securities, derivative instruments and accounts receivable. All of the Companys cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities and derivative instruments are maintained by major financial institutions. The Company invests cash not used in operations in investment grade, high credit quality securities in accordance with the Company investment policy which provides guidelines and limits regarding investments type, concentration, credit quality and maturity terms aimed at maintaining liquidity and reducing risk of capital loss. A majority of the Companys customers is concentrated in the semiconductor industry. The Company regularly monitors the creditworthiness of its customers and believes that it has adequately provided for exposure to potential credit losses. The Company top ten largest customers accounted for approximately 34%, 38%and 37%of its consolidated revenue for the fiscal years ended September30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. One customer accounted for approximately 12%, and 11%, respectively, in the fiscal years ended September30, 2015 and 2014. No customers accounted for more than 10%of our consolidated revenue for fiscal year 2016. Fair Value of Financial Instruments The Company financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, derivative instruments, accounts receivable, loans receivable, convertible debt securities, stock warrants, contingent consideration and accounts payable. Marketable securities and derivative instruments are measured at fair value based on quoted market prices or observable inputs other than quoted market prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities58Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - ContinuedConvertible debt securities are measured at fair value based on the probability-weighted expected return method utilizing various scenarios for the expected payout of the instrument covering the full range of the potential outcomes. Fair value of the asset securities is based upon the present value of the probability of each future outcome becoming available to the asset and the economic rights and preferences of each asset.Stock warrants are measured at fair value based on the Black-Scholes model which incorporates the constant price variation of the underlying asset, the time value of money, the warrants strike price and the time to the warrants expiration date. Loans receivable are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis. The Company considers the subordination features of the loans and the fair value of the collateral when measuring the loans' fair value. The fair value of the loans receivable is determined based on valuation techniques, principally the discounted cash flow method, and could be different under different conditions or different assumptions, including the varying assumptions regarding future cash flows of the Borrower or discount rates.Contingent consideration is measured at fair value based on the probability-weighted average discounted cash flow model utilizing potential outcomes related to achievement of certain specified targets and events. The fair value measurement of the contingent consideration is based on probabilities assigned to each potential outcome and the discount rate. The carrying amounts of cash, cash equivalent, accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate their fair value due to their short-term nature. Cash and Cash Equivalents Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash. At September30, 2016 and 2015, cash equivalents were $01 millionand $116 million, respectively. Cash equivalents are reported at cost which approximates their fair value due to their short-term nature and varying interest rates.Accounts Receivable, Allowance for Doubtful Accounts and Sales Returns Trade accounts receivable do not bear interest and are recorded at the invoiced amount. The Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts representing its best estimate of probable credit losses related to its existing accounts receivable and their net realizable value. The Company determines the allowance based on a number of factors, including an evaluation of customer credit worthiness, the age of the outstanding receivables, economic trends and historical experience. The Company reviews its allowance for doubtful accounts on a quarterly basis and adjusts the balance based on the Company estimates of the receivables' recoverability in the period the changes in estimates occur and become known. Accounts receivable balances are written-off against the allowance for doubtful accounts when the Company determines that the balances are not recoverable. Provisions for doubtful accounts are recorded in Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company determines the allowance for sales returns based on its best estimate of probable customer returns. Provisions for sales returns are recorded in Revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company does not have any off-balance-sheet credit exposure related to its customers. Inventories Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market determined on a first-in, first-out basis and include the cost of materials, labor and manufacturing overhead.The Company reports inventories at their net realizable value and provides reserves for excess, obsolete or damaged inventory based on changes in customer demand, technology and other economic factors. Fixed Assets, Intangible Assets and Impairment of Long-lived Assets Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation. Depreciation expense is computed based on the straight-line method and charged to results of operations to allocate the cost of the assets over their estimated useful lives, as follows: Buildings20 - 40 yearsComputer equipment and software2 - 7 yearsMachinery and equipment2 - 10 yearsFurniture and fixtures3 - 10 yearsLeasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of their estimated useful lives or the remaining terms of the respective leases. Equipment used for demonstrations to customers is included in machinery and equipment and depreciated over its estimated useful life. Repair and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. 59Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - ContinuedThe Company develops software for its internal use and capitalizes direct costs incurred to develop internal-use software during the application development stage after determining software technological requirements and obtaining management approval for funding projects probable of completion. Capitalization of the internal-use software development costs ceases upon substantially completing the project and placing the software into service based on its intended use. Training and data conversion costs, as well as costs incurred prior to the application development stage and during the post-implementation stage are expensed as incurred. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, the Company capitalized direct costs of $37 millionassociated with development of software for its internal use which are included within Property, plant and equipment, net in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. There were nointernal-use software development costs as of September 30, 2015. Cost of disposed assets upon their retirement and the associated accumulated depreciation are derecognized at the time of disposal, and the resulting gain or loss is included in the Company results of operations. The Company identified finite-lived intangible assets other than goodwill as a result of acquisitions. Finite-lived intangible assets are valued based on estimated future cash flows and amortized over their estimated useful lives based on methods that approximate the pattern in which the economic benefits are expected to be realized. Finite-lived intangibles assets and fixed assets are tested for impairment when indicators of impairment are present. For purposes of this test, long-lived assets are grouped with other assets and liabilities at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. If the Company determines that indicators of potential impairment are present, it assesses the recoverability of long-lived asset group by comparing its undiscounted future cash flows to its carrying value. The future cash flow period is based on the future service life of the primary asset within the long-lived asset group. If the carrying value of the long-lived asset group exceeds its future cash flows, the Company determines fair values of the individual net assets within the long-lived asset group to assess potential impairment. If the aggregate fair values of the individual net assets of the group are less than their carrying values, an impairment loss is recognized for an amount in excess of the group aggregate carrying value over its fair value. The loss is allocated to the assets within the group based on their relative carrying values, with no asset reduced below its fair value.Finite-lived intangible assets are amortized over their useful lives, as follows: Patents7 - 15 yearsCompleted technology5 - 10 yearsCustomer relationships5 - 11 yearsGoodwill Goodwill represents the excess of a purchase price over the fair value of net tangible and identifiable intangible assets of the businesses acquired by the Company. Goodwill is tested for impairment annually or more often if impairment indicators are present at the reporting unit level. The Company elected April 1st as its annual goodwill impairment assessment date and performs additional impairment tests if triggering events occur. If events occur or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce fair values of the reporting units below their carrying values, goodwill will be evaluated for impairment between annual tests. Application of the goodwill impairment test requires significant judgment based on market and operational conditions at the time of the evaluation, including management best estimate of future business activity and the related estimates of future cash flows from the assets and the reporting units that include the associated goodwill. These periodic evaluations could cause management to conclude that impairment factors exist, requiring an adjustment of these assets to their then-current fair market values. Future business conditions and/or activity could differ materially from the projections made by management which could result in additional adjustments and impairment charges.The goodwill impairment test is performed at the reporting unit level. A reporting unit is either an operating segment or one level below it, which is referred to as a component. The level at which the impairment test is performed requires an assessment of whether the operations below an operating segment constitute a self-sustaining business, in which case testing is generally performed at this level. Goodwill impairment testing involves a two-step process. The Company first compares the fair value of each reporting unit to its respective carrying amount, including goodwill, to assess whether potential goodwill impairment exists. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, goodwill of the reporting unit is not considered impaired. If the reporting units carrying amount exceeds its fair value, the Company performs the second step of the goodwill impairment test to measure the potential impairment loss amount by comparing the implied fair value of goodwill with its carrying amount. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined by allocating the fair value of the reporting unit to all of its assets and liabilities and assigning the excess amount to goodwill. If the implied fair value of goodwill is less than its carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognized for difference between the carrying amount of goodwill and its implied fair value60Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - ContinuedThe Company determines fair values of its reporting units based on an Income Approach in accordance with the Discounted Cash Flow Method, or DCF Method. The DCF Method is based on projected future cash flows and terminal value estimates discounted to their present values. Terminal value represents a present value an investor would pay on the valuation date for the rights to the cash flows of the business for the years subsequent to the discrete cash flow projection period. The observable inputs used in the DCF Method include discount rates set above the Company weighted-average cost of capital. The Company derives discount rates that are commensurate with the risks and uncertainties inherent in the respective businesses and its internally developed projections of future cash flows. The Company considers the DCF Method to be the most appropriate valuation technique since it is based on managements long-term financial projections. Due to the cyclical nature of the semiconductor equipment market, managements projections as of the valuation date are considered more objective since market metrics of peer companies fluctuate during the cycle. In addition, the Company also compares aggregate values of its net corporate assets and reporting unit fair values to its overall market capitalization and uses certain market-based valuation techniques to test the reasonableness of the reporting unit fair values determined in accordance with the DCF Method.Deferred Financing CostsThe Company records commitment fees and other costs directly associated with obtaining line of credit financing as deferred financing costs which are presented within Other assets in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. Deferred financing costs are amortized over the term of the related financing arrangement and included in interest expense in the accompanying unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, the Company incurred $07 millionin deferred financing costs associated with obtaining line of credit financing. Amortization expense incurred during fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 was insignificant and was included in interest expense in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. Please refer to Note 11, Line of Creditfor further information on this arrangement.Warranty ObligationsThe Company offers warranties on the sales of certain of its products and records warranty obligations for estimated future claims at the time revenue is recognized. Warranty obligations are estimated based on historical experience and management estimate of the level of future claims. Defined Benefit Pension Plans The cost and obligations of the Company defined benefit pension plans are calculated based on certain assumptions related to estimated benefits that employees earn while working, the amount of which cannot be completely determined until the benefit payments cease. Key assumptions used in accounting for these employee benefit plans include the discount rate, expected return on plan assets and rate of increase in employee compensation levels. Assumptions are determined based on Company data and appropriate market indicators in consultation with third-party actuaries, and are evaluated each year as of the plans measurement date. Revenue Recognition The Company generates revenue from the following sources: Products, including sales of tool automation and automated cold sample management systems, atmospheric and vacuum robots, contamination control solutions, cryogenic pumps and compressors, as well as consumables and spare parts.Services, including repairs, upgrades, diagnostic support, installation, as well as biological sample and other support services.The Company recognizes revenue for such products and services when it is realized or realizable and earned. Revenue is considered realized and earned when all of the following revenue recognition criteria have been met: i persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; ii delivery has occurred or services have been rendered; iii the fee is fixed or determinable; and iv collectibility is probable. The Company recognizes shipping and handling fees billed to customers as revenue and includes the related costs in Cost of revenue in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. Revenue is presented net of taxes assessed by governmental authorities on revenue-producing transactions.ProductsRevenue from the sale of products is recognized upon their delivery to customers, provided all other revenue recognition criteria have been met. Delivery is considered complete when both of the following conditions have been met: i legal title and risk of loss have transferred to the customer upon product shipment or delivery; and ii the Company has reliably demonstrated that products have met their required specifications prior to shipment and, as a result, the Company possesses an enforceable claim right to amounts recognized as revenue. Revenue is recognized upon obtaining a customer technical acceptance if the Company was not able to demonstrate that products have met their required specifications prior to shipment and / or legal title 61Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continuedand risk of loss did not transfer to the customer upon product shipment or delivery, which generally occurs upon obtaining a customer technical acceptance. Revenue from third-party sales for which the Company does not meet the criteria for gross revenue recognition is recognized on a net basis. All other revenue is recognized on a gross basis. Customer allowances and rebates consist primarily of volume discounts and other incentive programs. Customer allowance and rebate amounts are estimated based on historical experience, contractual terms and expected level of sales during the qualifying incentive program period. The Company records customer allowances and rebates as a reduction of revenue at the time of product sale since they represent a reduction in purchase price.Revenue from product sales that involve significant customization, which include primarily automated cold sample management systems, is recognized based on the percentage of completion method. The Company recognizes revenue as work progresses based on a percentage of actual labor hours incurred on the project to-date and total estimated labor hours expected to the incurred on the project. The Company develops profit estimates for long-term contracts based on total revenue expected to be generated from the project and total costs anticipated to be incurred. These estimates are based on a number of factors, including the degree of required product customization and the customers existing environment based on installation work, as well as the Company historical experience, project plans and an assessment of the risks and uncertainties inherent in the contract related to implementation delays or performance issues that may or may not be within the Company control. The Company estimates a loss on a contract by comparing total estimated contract revenue to the total estimated contract costs and recognizes a loss during the period in which it becomes probable and can be reasonably estimated. The Company reviews profit estimates for long-term contracts during each reporting period and revises them based on changes in circumstances.The Company uses the completed contract method for certain arrangements that involve significant product customization and include contractual terms and customer rights disallowing the use of the percentage of completion method. The Company recognizes revenue for these arrangements upon completion or substantial completion of the project, provided all other revenue recognition criteria have been met. The project is considered substantially complete when the Company receives acceptance and remaining tasks are perfunctory or inconsequential and in control of the Company. Generally, the terms of long-term contracts provide for progress billings based on completion of milestones or other defined phases of work. In certain instances, payments collected from customers in advance of recognizing the related revenue are recorded as deferred revenue.ServicesService revenue is generally recognized ratably over the term of the contract, provided all other revenue recognition criteria have been met. Payments due or received from the customers prior to rendering the associated services are recorded as deferred revenue. Revenue from repair services or upgrades of customer-owned equipment is recognized upon completion of the repair effort and the shipment of the repaired product back to the customer. If the repair or the upgrade include installation, revenue is recognized when the installation is completed.Multiple Element ArrangementsCertain customer arrangements related to the sale of automated cold sample management systems and contamination control solution products represent multiple element arrangements that include product, service and other elements. The Company allocates arrangement consideration to each deliverable that has a standalone value based upon the selling price hierarchy which requires the Company to use vendor-specific objective evidence the VSOE of selling price if it exists, or a third-party evidence the TPE of the selling price in the absence of VSOE. If neither VSOE nor TPE of selling price exists for a deliverable, the Company uses its best estimate of selling price the BESP for that deliverable. The Company has not been able to establish VSOE or TPE for the deliverables included in the multiple element arrangements and, as a result, primarily uses BESP to allocate the arrangement consideration. The Company determines BESP based on the cost plus a reasonable margin approach and considers entity-specific, as well as external market factors, when developing such estimates.The Company recognizes revenue for each deliverable that has a standalone value in accordance with its revenue recognition policies. Revenue allocated to the delivered elements is recognized at the time of delivery, provided all other revenue recognition criteria are met. Revenue allocated to the undelivered elements is deferred until the elements are delivered and all other revenue recognition criteria have been met. Certain multiple element arrangements include the sale of automated cold sample management systems and contamination control solution products with installation services. Revenue allocated to the automated cold sample management systems and contamination control solution products is recognized in accordance with the Company revenue recognition policies. Revenue allocated to the installation services is recognized based on the percentage-of-completion method or the completed contract method in which case it is deferred until the installation-related tasks have been completed. Certain customer arrangements include contingent revenue provisions in which a portion of the selling price of a delivered element is contingent on meeting specified performance criteria or on delivery of other elements included in the arrangement. The amount of revenue recognized for these arrangements is limited to the lower of either: i the amount billed to the customer 62Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continuedthat is not contingent on obtaining a customer technical acceptance; or ii the value of the arrangement consideration allocated to the delivered elements.Research and Development Expense Research and development costs are expensed as incurred and consist primarily of personnel expenses related to the creation of new products, as well as enhancements and engineering changes to existing products and development of hardware and software components.Stock-Based Compensation ExpenseThe Company measures stock-based compensation cost at fair value on the grant date and recognizes the expense over the service period for the awards expected to vest. The fair value of restricted stock units is determined based on the number of shares granted and the closing price of the Company common stock quoted on NASDAQ on the date of grant. The Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense on a straight-line basis, net of estimated forfeitures, over the requisite service period. The Company recognizes benefits from stock-based compensation in equity using the with-and-without approach for the utilization of tax attributes. The Company makes estimates of stock award forfeitures and a number of awards expected to vest which requires significant judgment. The Company considers many factors in developing forfeiture estimates, including award types, employee classes and historical experience. The Company assesses the likelihood of achieving the performance goals for stock-based awards that vest upon the satisfaction of these goals. Current estimates may differ from actual results and future changes in estimates.The following table reflects stock-based compensation expense, excluding amounts related to discontinued operations, recorded during the fiscal years ended September30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 in thousands:YearEnded   stock purchase plan517463445Total stock-based compensation  Assumptions for an Employee Stock Purchase PlanThe fair value of shares issued under the employee stock purchase plan is estimated on the commencement date of each offering period using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014: YearEnded  interest  life6 months6 months6 monthsDividend yield340%340%340%The risk-free rate is based on the U.S.Treasury yield curve for notes with terms approximating the expected life of the shares granted. The expected stock price volatility is determined based on the Company historic stock prices over a period commensurate with the expected life of the shares granted. The expected life represents the weighted average period over which the shares are expected to be purchased. Dividend yields are projected based on the Company history of dividend declarations and management intention for future dividend declarations. Restructuring ExpensesThe Company records restructuring expenses associated with management-approved restructuring actions to streamline its business operations, improve profitability and competitiveness, remove duplicative infrastructure, as well as reduce headcount resulting from business acquisitions. Restructuring expenses include severance costs related to eliminating a specified number of employees, contract termination costs to vacate facilities and consolidate operations, as well as other costs directly associated with restructuring actions. The Company records severance and other employee termination costs associated with restructuring actions when it is probable that benefits will be paid and the amounts can be reasonably estimated. The rates used in determining restructuring liabilities related to severance costs are based on existing plans, historical experience and negotiated settlements. 63Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - ContinuedIncome Taxes The Company records income taxes using the asset and liability method. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective income tax bases, as well as operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. The Company Consolidated Financial Statements contain certain deferred tax assets that were recorded as a result of operating losses, as well as other temporary differences between financial and tax accounting. A valuation allowance is established against deferred tax assets if, based upon the evaluation of positive and negative evidence and the extent to which that evidence is objectively verifiable, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Significant management judgment is required in determining the Company income tax provision, the Company deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance recorded against those net deferred tax assets. The Company evaluates the weight of all available evidence to determine whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the net deferred income tax assets will not be realized. The calculation of the Company tax liabilities involves consideration of uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations. The Company recognizes liabilities for uncertain tax positions based on a two-step process. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon an audit or an examination conducted by taxing authorities, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. If the Company determines that a tax position will more likely than not be sustained, the second step requires the Company to estimate and measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more likely than not to be realized upon ultimate settlement. It is inherently difficult and subjective to estimate such amounts, as the Company has to determine the probability of various possible outcomes. The Company re-evaluates these uncertain tax positions on a quarterly basis. This evaluation is based on factors, such as changes in facts or circumstances, tax law, new audit activity and effectively settled issues. Determining whether an uncertain tax position is effectively settled requires judgment. A change in recognition or measurement may result in the recognition of a tax benefit or an additional charge to the tax provision. Earnings Per Share Basic income loss per share is determined by dividing net income loss by the weighted average common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted income loss per share is determined by dividing net income loss by diluted weighted average shares outstanding during the period. Diluted weighted average shares reflect the dilutive effect, if any, of potential common shares. To the extent their effect is dilutive, employee equity awards and other commitments to be settled in common stock are included in the calculation of diluted income per share based on the treasury stock method. Potential common shares are excluded from the calculation of dilutive weighted average shares outstanding if their effect would be anti-dilutive at the balance sheet date based on a treasury stock method or due to a net loss.Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements In June 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board the FASB, issued new accounting guidance for reporting credit losses. The new guidance introduces a new expected loss impairment model which applies to most financial assets measured at amortized cost and certain other instruments, including trade and other receivables, loans, held-to-maturity debt securities and other financial assets. Entities are required to estimate expected credit losses over the life of financial assets and record an allowance against the assets' amortized cost basis to present them at the amount expected to be collected. Additionally, the guidance amends the impairment model for available for sale debt securities and requires entities to determine whether all or a portion of the unrealized loss on such debt security is a credit loss. The guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption of the newly issued guidance is permitted for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2018. The standard should be applied as a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the first reporting period in which the guidance is effective. The Company expects to adopt the guidance during the first quarter of fiscal year 2021 and is currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on its financial position and results of operations.In May 2016, the FASB issued an amendment to the revenue recognition guidance released in May 2014. The amendment is intended to reduce the cost and complexity of applying the revenue recognition guidance and result in a more consistent application of the revenue recognition rules. The amendment clarifies the implementation guidance on collectibility, non-cash consideration and the presentation of sales and other similar taxes, as well as transitional guidance related to completed contracts. The guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017 and should be applied at the time of the adoption of the revenue recognition guidance issued in May 2014. Early adoption of the newly issued guidance is not permitted. The Company expects to adopt the guidance during the first quarter of fiscal year 2019 and is currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on its financial position and results of operations.In April 2016, the FASB issued an amendment to the revenue recognition guidance released in May 2014. The amendment clarifies the implementation guidance on identifying performance obligations and licensing. Specifically, the amendment 64Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continuedreduces the cost and complexity of identifying promised goods or services and improves the guidance for determining whether promises are separately identifiable. The amendment also provides implementation guidance on determining whether an entity promise to grant a license provides a customer with either a right to use the entity intellectual property which is satisfied at a point in time or a right to access the entity intellectual property which is satisfied over time. The guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017 and should be applied at the time of the adoption of the revenue recognition guidance issued in May 2014. Early adoption of the newly issued guidance is not permitted. The Company expects to adopt the guidance during the first quarter of fiscal year 2019 and is currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on its financial position and results of operations.In March 2016, the FASB issued an amendment to the accounting guidance to simplify accounting for share-based payment awards issued to employees. The amendment requires recognition of excess tax benefits or deficiencies within income tax expense or benefit and changes their presentation requirements on the statement of cash flows. Additionally, the entity can make an accounting policy election to either estimate the number of awards that are expected to vest, consistent with the current accounting guidance, or account for forfeitures as they occur. The guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption of the newly issued guidance is permitted. The Company expects to adopt the guidance during the first quarter of fiscal year 2018 and is currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on its financial position and results of operations.In March 2016, the FASB issued an amendment to the revenue recognition guidance released in May 2014. The amendment clarifies the application of the principal versus agent guidance, identification of the units of accounting, as well as application of the control principle to certain types of arrangements within the scope of the guidance. The guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017 and should be applied at the time of the adoption of the revenue recognition guidance issued in May 2014. Early adoption of the newly issued guidance is not permitted. The Company expects to adopt the guidance during the first quarter of fiscal year 2019 and is currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on its financial position and results of operations.In February 2016, the FASB, issued new accounting guidance for reporting lease transactions. In accordance with provisions of the newly issued guidance, a lessee should recognize at the inception of the arrangement a right-of-use asset and a corresponding lease liability initially measured at the present value of lease payments over the lease term. For finance leases, interest on a lease liability should be recognized separately from the amortization of the right-of-use asset, while for operating leases, total lease costs are recorded on a straight-line basis over the lease term. For leases with a term of twelve months or less, a lessee is permitted to make an accounting policy election by class of underlying assets to forgo a recognition of right-of-use assets and corresponding lease liabilities and record a lease expense on a straight-line basis. Entities should determine at the inception of the arrangement whether a contract represents a lease or contains a lease which is defined as a right to control the use of identified property for a period of time in exchange for consideration. Additionally, entities should separate the lease components from the non-lease components and allocate the contract consideration on a relative standalone price basis in accordance with provisions of ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2018 and should be adopted via a modified retrospective approach with certain optional practical expedients that entities may elect to apply. The Company expects to adopt the guidance during the first quarter of fiscal year 2020 and is currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on its financial position and results of operations.In November 2015, the FASB issued an amendment to the accounting guidance to simplify the presentation of deferred income tax assets and liabilities in a statement of financial position. Deferred income tax assets, net of a corresponding valuation allowance, and liabilities related to a particular tax-paying component of an entity within a particular tax jurisdiction shall be offset and presented as a single non-current amount in a statement of financial position. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities attributable to different tax-paying components of an entity or different tax jurisdictions shall not be offset and be presented separately. The guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2016. The guidance can be adopted early via either a prospective or a retrospective approach for all deferred income tax assets and liabilities presented in a statement of financial position. The Company has adopted this guidance as of September 30, 2016 and applied it retrospectively. As a result, the Company has recast the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2015 to conform to the current period presentation. The adoption of this guidance resulted in a reduction of previously presented current deferred tax assets by $176 million, an increase of non-current deferred tax assets by $167 million, a reduction of current deferred tax liabilities by $13 millionand an increase of non-current deferred tax liabilities by $03 millionas of September 30, 2015.In September 2015, the FASB issued new accounting guidance to simplify the presentation of measurement-period adjustments recognized in business combinations. Measurement-period adjustments will no longer be recognized by the acquirer retrospectively and will be recorded by the acquirer during the period in which they were determined. The guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2015 and should be applied prospectively to the adjustments that occur after the effective date of the guidance. Early adoption is permitted for the financial 65Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continuedstatements that have not been issued, and the Company adopted the guidance during the first quarter of fiscal year 2016 to simplify the presentation of the measurement period adjustments in its Consolidated Financial Statements. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded a measurement period adjustment of $11 millionrelated to the acquisition of Contact Co., Ltd and recognized its impact in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of the period then ended in accordance with the provisions of the newly adopted guidance. There was no impact on the results of operations during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 as a result of this adjustment. This adjustment would have been applied retrospectively and recognized as a reclassification in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2015 in accordance with provisions of the previous guidance.In February 2015, the FASB issued an amendment to the accounting guidance for consolidations of financial statements by changing the analysis that a reporting entity must perform to determine whether it should consolidate certain types of legal entities. The guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is permitted. The guidance can be adopted either via a full retrospective approach or a modified retrospective approach by recording a cumulative-effect adjustment to beginning equity in the period of adoption. The Company expects to adopt the guidance during the first quarter of fiscal year 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the guidance on its financial position and results of operations.In May 2014, the FASB issued new accounting guidance for reporting revenue recognition. The guidance provides for the recognition of revenue when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that is expected to be received for those goods or services. A five-step process set forth in the guidance may require more judgment and estimation within the revenue recognition process than the current GAAP, including identifying performance obligations in the contract, estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. The guidance was initially effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2016. In August 2015, the FASB issued an amendment deferring the effective date of the guidance by one year. The guidance should be adopted retrospectively either for each reporting period presented or via recognizing the cumulative effect at the date of the initial application. Early adoption is permitted only as of annual reporting periods, including the interim periods, beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company expects to adopt the guidance during the first quarter of fiscal year 2019 and is currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on its financial position and results of operations3. Discontinued OperationsThe Granville-Phillips business unit developed, manufactured, sold and serviced vacuum measurement and gas analysis instrumentation to semiconductor and non-semiconductor customers. In March 2014, the Company entered into an agreement to sell this business for $870 millionin cash. The sale was completed on May 30, 2014. The Companys historical financial statements have been revised to present the operating results of the Granville-Phillips business as a discontinued operation. Summarized results of the discontinued operation are as follows for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014 in  from discontinued operations4,888Gain on the sale of the discontinued operations56,804Income tax provision31,690Income from discontinued operations, net of tax$30,002The operating results of the Granville-Phillips business were historically included in the results of operations for the Brooks Semiconductor Solutions segment.The presentation of the Granville-Phillips business as a discontinued operation had no impact on previously reported net loss income or stockholders' equity66Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued4. AcquisitionsAcquisitions Completed in Fiscal Year 2016Acquisition of BioStorage Technologies, Inc.On November 30, 2015, the Company completed its acquisition of BioStorage Technologies, Inc., or BioStorage, an Indiana-based global provider of comprehensive sample management and integrated cold chain solutions for the biosciences industry. These solutions include collection, transportation, processing, storage, protection, retrieval and disposal of biological samples. These solutions combined with the Company existing offerings, particularly automation for sample storage and formatting, provide customers with fully integrated sample management cold chain solutions which will help them increase productivity, efficiencies and speed to market. This acquisition will allow the Company to access a broader customer base that is storing samples at ultra cold temperatures and simultaneously provide opportunities for BioStorage to use the Company capabilities to expand into new markets. The Company acquired 100%of the issued and outstanding shares of BioStorage. A cash payment of $1307 million, net of the seller cash of $28 million, resulted in a net cash outflow of $1280 million, including $1252 millionascribed to the purchase price and $25 millionfor retention arrangements with certain employees based on the completion of a service retention period. The cash payment included a debt repayment of $32 millionand transaction costs of $29 millionpaid by the Company on behalf of BioStorage. The Company recorded the assets acquired and liabilities assumed related to BioStorage at their preliminary fair values as of the acquisition date, from a market participants perspective. The purchase price allocation was prepared on a preliminary basis and is subject to further adjustments as additional information becomes available concerning the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The preliminary fair values of the tangible and intangible assets acquired were based upon preliminary valuations and the Company estimates and assumptions that are subject to change within the measurement period. As of September 30, 2016, the primary areas that remained preliminary included fair values of intangible assets acquired, certain tangible assets, tax-related matters and residual goodwill. The Company expects to continue obtaining information to assist it with determining the fair values of the net assets acquired during the measurement period. Any adjustments to the purchase price allocation will be made as soon as practicable but no later than one year from the acquisition date.On September 9, 2016, the Company reached a settlement with the sellers of BioStorage stock related to certain working capital adjustments. On September 13, 2016, the Company received $02 millionof proceeds from the sellers as a result of such settlement, which was recorded as a decrease of $02 millionin the purchase price and goodwill.The impact of the working capital adjustment is reflected in the following preliminary purchase price allocation table in thousands:Fair Value of Assets and LiabilitiesAccounts receivable$16,942Prepaid expenses and other current assets321Property, plant and equipment14,345Intangible  assets53Debt assumed385Accounts payable1,708Accrued liabilities9,423Deferred revenue1,766Long-term deferred tax liabilities14,169Other liabilities61Total purchase price, net of cash acquired$125,248At the closing of the acquisition of BioStorage, a cash payment of $54 millionwas placed into escrow which consisted of $29 millionascribed to the purchase price and $25 millionrelated to retention arrangements with certain employees. The 67Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continuedpayment of $29 millionincluded $19 millionrelated to satisfaction of the sellers' indemnification obligations with respect to BioStorage representations and warranties and other indemnities, as well as $10 millionrelated to potential purchase price adjustments which was reduced by the full amount subsequent to the acquisition date as a result of reaching a settlement with the sellers. The remaining escrow balance of $25 millionis payable to certain employees upon completion of a service retention period. Such retention payments were not considered a part of the purchase price, but rather recorded as a separate asset acquired and included within Prepaid expenses and other current assets in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The escrow balance related to such retention payments was reduced by $17 millionsubsequent to the acquisition date and had a balance of $08 millionas of September 30, 2016. Total escrow balances were $27 millionas of September 30, 2016.The fair value of customer relationship intangible assets of $366 millionwas estimated based on the income approach in accordance with the excess-earnings method. In accordance with the excess-earnings method, the value of the intangible asset is equal to the present value of the after-tax cash flows attributable to the intangible asset only. The weighted average amortization period for the customer relationships intangible assets acquired in the BioStorage acquisition is 110years. The fair value of the trademark intangible assets acquired of $49 millionwas estimated based on the income approach in accordance with the relief-from-royalty method. In accordance with the relief-from-royalty method, the value of an intangible asset is equal to the present value of the after-tax royalty savings attributable to owning that intangible asset. The weighted average amortization period for the trademark intangible assets acquired in the BioStorage acquisition is 80years. The intangible assets acquired are amortized over the total weighted average period of 106years using an accelerated depreciation method which approximates the pattern in which the economic benefits are expected to be realized.Fair values of intangible assets and their estimated useful lives are determined based on estimates of future expected after-tax cash flows and royalty savings, customer attrition rates, discount rates, as well as assumptions about the period of time over which the Company will be deriving economic benefits from the acquired intangible assets.Goodwill represents the excess of the consideration transferred over the fair value of the net assets acquired and has been assigned to the Company Brooks Life Science Systems segment. Goodwill is primarily the result of expected synergies from combining the operations of BioStorage with the Company operations and is not deductible for tax purposes.The operating results of BioStorage have been reflected in the results of operations for the Brooks Life Science Systems segment from the date of the acquisition, which included one month of activity during the first quarter of fiscal year 2016. During fiscal year 2016, revenue and net income from BioStorage recognized in the Companys results of operations were $446 millionand $24 million, respectively. During fiscal year 2016, the net income included amortization expense of $29 millionrelated to acquired intangible assets.During fiscal year 2016, the Company incurred $32 millionin non-recurring transaction costs with respect to the BioStorage acquisition which were recorded in Selling, general and administrative expenses within the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. The retention payment of $25 millionwas recorded within prepaid expenses and other current assets at the acquisition date and is recognized as a compensation expense over the service period or upon a triggering event in the underlying change in control agreements. During fiscal year 2016, the Company recorded $24 millionof the compensation-related expense with respect to this arrangement. The retention payment balance was $01 millionat September 30, 2016.The following unaudited proforma financial information represents a summary of the consolidated results of operations for the Company and BioStorage as if the acquisition of BioStorage occurred on October1, 2014 in thousands: 68Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - ContinuedFiscal Year Ended September  loss income 63,3967,000Basic loss income per share$093$010Diluted loss income per share$093$010Weighted average shares outstanding used in computing net loss income per  unaudited pro forma information presented above reflects historical operating results of the Company and BioStorage and includes the impact of certain adjustments directly attributable to the business combination. The unaudited pro forma financial information is presented for informational purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the results of operations that would have been achieved if the acquisition of BioStorage had taken place on October 1, 2014. During fiscal years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the adjustments reflected in the unaudited pro forma information included aggregate amortization and depreciation expense of $06 millionand $43 million, respectively, and tax effects of $05 millionand $08 million, respectively. Additionally, the impact of transaction costs of $33 millionand restructuring charges of $19 millionwas included in the proforma net income during fiscal year 2015 and excluded from the proforma net loss during fiscal year 2016.Acquisitions Completed in Fiscal Year 2015 Acquisition of Contact Co., Ltd.On August 14, 2015, the Company acquired all of the outstanding stock of Contact Co., Ltd., or Contact, a Japanese-based provider of automated cleaner products for wafer carrier devices used in the global semiconductor markets. The acquisition of Contact expanded the Company offerings of contamination control solutions within its Brooks Semiconductor Solutions Group segment, strengthened its current capabilities and technology used in its contamination control solutions business and enhanced its long-term strategy of gaining share in its core semiconductor markets.The aggregate purchase price of $68 million, net of cash acquired, consisted of a cash payment of $19 million, the assumption of the seller debt of $88 million, seller cash of $48 millionand a contingent consideration of $08 millionpayable upon achievement of certain specified targets and events. The entire debt amount was fully repaid as of September 30, 2015.The Company recorded the assets acquired and liabilities assumed related to Contact at their preliminary fair values as of the acquisition date and prepared the purchase price allocation on a preliminary basis. The preliminary fair values of the tangible and intangible assets acquired were based upon preliminary valuations and the Company estimates and assumptions that were subject to change within the measurement period. During the first quarter of fiscal year 2016, the Company finalized the valuation of property, plant and equipment reported at fair value at the acquisition date. As a result, the Company recorded a measurement period adjustment of $11 millionas a decrease in the tangible assets' fair value and a corresponding increase in goodwill. There was no impact on the depreciation expense as a result of the tangible assets' fair value revision during the period then ended. The Company adopted Accounting Standards Update, or ASU, 2015-16, Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement Period Adjustments, during the first quarter of fiscal year 2016 and recognized the impact of the measurement period adjustment in the accompanying unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 in accordance with the provisions of the newly adopted guidance. The purchase price allocation for Contact acquisition was finalized within the measurement period.The Company recorded the following amounts for the assets acquired and liabilities assumed related to Contact at their fair values as of the acquisition date in thousands:69Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - ContinuedFair Value of Assets and LiabilitiesAccounts  expenses and other current assets484Property, plant and equipment79Completed  assets1,410Accounts payable1,089Accrued liabilities1,823Long-term deferred tax liabilities774Total purchase price, net of cash acquired$6,834Fair value of the contingent consideration of $08 millionwas determined based on a probability-weighted average discounted cash flow model and recorded in Accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the Company Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company remeasures the fair value of the contingent consideration at each reporting date until the arrangement is settled. Fair value of the contingent consideration was $05 millionat September 30, 2016, and the Company recognized a corresponding gain of $03 millionon the fair value remeasurement during fiscal year 2016. Please refer to Note 21, Fair Value Measurements for further information on the fair value measurement of the contingent consideration.At September 30, 2016, the Company had approximately $07 millionin escrow related to potential working capital adjustments and the sellers' satisfaction of general representations and warranties. At the closing of the acquisition of Contact, the escrow balance was $15 millionwhich was reduced by approximately $08 millionduring fiscal year 2016 as a result of a payment made to the sellers upon termination of a certain third-party arrangement. The escrow balance was $07 millionas of September 30, 2016. Fair value of the completed technology intangible assets was estimated based on the income approach in accordance with the excess-earnings method. The weighted average amortization period for the completed technology intangible assets acquired in the Contact acquisition is 50years. The intangible assets acquired are amortized using an accelerated depreciation method which approximates the pattern in which the economic benefits are expected to be realized.Goodwill represents the excess of the consideration transferred over the fair value of the net assets acquired and has been assigned to the Company Brooks Semiconductor Solutions Group segment. Goodwill is primarily the result of expected synergies from combining the operations of Contact with the Company operations and is not deductible for tax purposes.The operating results of Contact have been included in the results of operations for the Brooks Semiconductor Solutions Group segment from the date of the acquisition. During fiscal year 2016, revenue and net loss from Contact recognized in the Company results of operations were $45 millionand $11 million, respectively. The operating results of Contact for fiscal year 2015 were insignificant and have been included in the results of operations of Brooks Semiconductor Solutions Group segment from the date of the acquisition. During fiscal year 2016, the net loss included charges of $06 millionand $07 million, respectively, related to the step-up in value of the acquired inventories and amortization expense of acquired intangible assets. The Company incurred $01 millionand $02 million, respectively, in non-recurring transaction costs with respect to the Contact acquisition during fiscal years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 which were recorded in Selling, general and administrative expenses within the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company did not present a pro forma information summary for its consolidated results of operations for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014 as if the acquisition of Contact occurred on October1, 2013 because such results were insignificant.Acquisition of FluidX Ltd.On October 1, 2014, the Company acquired all of the outstanding stock of FluidX Ltd., or FluidX, a UK-based provider of biological sample storage tubes and complementary bench-top instruments. The Company paid, in cash, aggregate merger consideration of $155 million, net of cash acquired. The acquisition of FluidX provided the Company with the opportunity to enhance its existing capabilities with respect to biobanking solutions in the Brooks Life Science Systems segment70Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - ContinuedThe Company recorded the following amounts for the assets acquired and liabilities assumed related to FluidX at their fair values as of the acquisition date in thousands:Fair Values of Assets and LiabilitiesAccounts  and other current assets213Property, plant and equipment101Completed technology1,230Trademarks and trade names750Customer  payable2,079Deferred revenue72Accrued liabilities992Long-term deferred tax liabilities1,540Total purchase price, net of cash acquired$15,505The purchase price was allocated based on the fair value of the identified assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date from a market participants perspective.On January 23, 2015, the Company reached a settlement with respect to certain working capital adjustments with the sellers of FluidX stock. On February 3, 2015, the Company made a payment to the sellers as a result of this settlement, which increased the purchase price by $01 million. Prior to September 30, 2016, the Company had $15 millionin a general escrow account held by the unrelated third party. The balance was remitted to the sellers and fully released during fiscal year 2016. The Company finalized the purchase price allocation for FluidX acquisition within the measurement period. Adjustments to the initial purchase price allocation recorded during the measurement period were not material to the Company financial position.Fair values of the trademarks and the completed technology acquired were estimated based on the income approach in accordance with the relief-from-royalty method. Fair value of customer relationships acquired was estimated based on the income approach in accordance with the excess-earnings method. The weighted average amortization periods for intangible assets acquired in the FluidX acquisition are 50years for each of completed technology, trademarks, and customer relationships. The intangible assets acquired are amortized using an accelerated amortization method which approximates the pattern in which the economic benefits are expected to be realized.Goodwill represents the excess of the consideration transferred over the fair value of the net assets acquired and has been assigned to the Company Brooks Life Science Systems segment. Goodwill is primarily the result of expected synergies from combining the operations of FluidX with the Company and is not deductible for tax purposes.The operating results of FluidX have been included in the results of operations for the Brooks Life Science Systems segment from the date of the acquisition. During fiscal year 2016, revenue and net loss attributable to FluidX were $156 millionand $02 million, respectively. During fiscal year 2015, revenue and net loss attributable to FluidX were $150 millionand $06 million, respectively. The Company incurred charges of $10 millionrelated to the step-up in value of the acquired inventories during fiscal year 2015, as well as amortization expense of $12 millionand $14 million, respectively, related to the acquired intangible assets which was included in the net loss during fiscal years 2016 and 2015.The Company incurred $05 millionand $02 million, respectively, during fiscal years 2015 and 2014 in non-recurring transaction costs with respect to the FluidX acquisition which were recorded in Selling, general and administrative expenses within the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations.The Company did not present a pro forma information summary for its consolidated results of operations for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015 and 2014 as if the acquisition of FluidX occurred on October1, 2013 because such results were insignificant.Acquisitions Completed in Fiscal Year 201471Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - ContinuedOn April30, 2014, the Company acquired all the outstanding stock of Dynamic Micro Systems Semiconductor Equipment GmbH, or DMS, a German provider of automated contamination control solutions for front opening unified pod, or FOUP, carriers and reticle storage targeted at improving yield of semiconductor processes at semiconductor fabrication plants. The Company paid to the sellers an aggregate cash consideration of $316 million, net of cash acquired. The acquisition of DMS expanded the Companys capabilities at semiconductor fabrication plants for yield improvement on new technology nodes.The Company recorded the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed related to DMS at their fair values as of the acquisition date. The amounts recorded were as follows in thousands:Fair Values of Assets and LiabilitiesAccounts  and other current assets2,727Property, plant and equipment2,049Completed technology3,610Customer  payable10,393Accrued liabilities5,522Deferred revenue1,309Long-term deferred tax liabilities3,588Total purchase price, net of cash acquired$31,625The purchase price was allocated based on the fair value of the identified assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date from a market participants perspective. The Company finalized the purchase price allocation for this acquisition within the measurement period. Adjustments to the initial purchase price allocation recorded during the measurement period were not material to the Company financial position.The Company reached a settlement with respect to certain working capital adjustments and other issues with the sellers of DMS' stock in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2014. As a result of this settlement, the Company received $22 millionin the first quarter of fiscal year 2015 from certain escrow accounts established at the date of acquisition and held by the unrelated third party. At September 30, 2015, $28 millionremained in escrow related to potential future claims against the sellers of DMS' stock. On October 30, 2015, the Company remitted $28 millionto the sellers upon expiration of the escrow period. The Company used the relief-from-royalty method to estimate the fair value of the completed technology and the excess-earnings method to estimate the fair value of the customer relationships. The weighted average amortization periods for intangible assets acquired in the DMS acquisition are 50 yearsfor completed technologies and 80 yearsfor customer relationships. The intangible assets acquired are amortized using variable declining balance and straight-line methods that approximate the pattern in which the economic benefits are expected to be realized.Goodwill represents the excess of the consideration transferred over the net assets acquired and has been assigned to the Company Brooks Semiconductor Solutions Group segment. Goodwill is primarily the result of expected synergies from combining the operations of DMS with the Company and is not deductible for tax purposes.In the first quarter of fiscal year 2015, the Company increased the opening goodwill balance by $03 millionas a result of a fair value adjustment recorded to inventory.The operating results of DMS have been included in the results of operations for the Brooks Semiconductor Solutions Group segment from the date of the acquisition. Revenue from DMS was $451 million, $440 millionand $55 millionfor fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Net income attributable to DMS was $18 millionfor fiscal year 2016 and included $16 millionof amortization expense during the period then ended. Net income attributable to DMS was $31 millionfor fiscal year 2015 and included charges of $06 millionrelated to the step-up in values of the acquired inventories, $22 millionof amortization expense and $01 millionof restructuring charges during the period then ended. Net loss attributable to DMS was $45 millionfor fiscal year 2014 and included charges of $19 millionrelated to the step-up in values of the acquired inventories, $09 millionof amortization expense and $03 millionof restructuring charges during the period then ended. The Company incurred $04 millionduring fiscal year 2014 in non-recurring transaction costs with respect to the DMS acquisition which were recorded in Selling, general and administrative expenses within the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. Transaction costs incurred during fiscal year 2015 with respect to the DMS acquisition were 72Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continuedinsignificant5. Marketable SecuritiesThe Company invests in marketable securities that are classified as available-for-sale and recorded at fair value in the Company Consolidated Balance Sheets. Marketable securities reported as current assets represent investments that mature within one year from the balance sheet date. Long-term marketable securities represent investments with maturity dates greater than one year from the balance sheet date. Unrealized gains and losses are excluded from earnings and reported as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income until the security is sold or matures. Gains or losses realized from sales of marketable securities are computed based on the specific identification method and recognized as a component of Other expense income, net in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. During fiscal year 2016, the Company sold marketable securities with a fair value of $1276 millionand amortized cost of $1277 millionand recognized net losses of approximately $01 million. Gross gains reported as a component of net losses recognized on the sale of marketable securities during fiscal year 2016 were insignificant. The Company collected cash proceeds of $1270 millionfrom the sale of marketable securities and reclassified unrealized net holding losses of approximately $01 millionfrom accumulated other comprehensive income into Other expense income, net in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations as a result of these transactions. During fiscal year 2015, the Company sold marketable securities with fair values of $95 millionand amortized costs of $95 millionand collected cash proceeds of $95 millionfrom such sales. Unrealized net holding gains reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income into Other loss income, net and realized on sales of these securities during fiscal years 2015 and 2014 were insignificant. Please refer to Note 15, Stockholders' Equity, for further information on these reclassifications and their impact on the Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income and Other Comprehensive Income for the fiscal years ended September30, 2016, 2015 and 2014.The following is a summary of the amortized cost and the fair value, including accrued interest receivable, as well as unrealized holding gains losses on the short-term and long-term marketable securities as of September30, 2016 and 2015 in thousands:  30, 2016:Corporate securities2,3942,394Other debt securities3939Municipal  30, 2015:U.S. Treasury securities and obligations of U.S. government   securities85727884Other debt   certificate of  of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - ContinuedThe fair values of the marketable securities by contractual maturities at September30, 2016 are presented below in thousands.FairValueDue in one year or less$39Due after one year through five years3,704Due after ten years2,392$6,135Expected maturities could differ from contractual maturities because the security issuers may have the right to prepay obligations without prepayment penalties.The Company reviews the marketable securities for impairment at each reporting period to determine if any of the securities have experienced an other-than-temporary decline in fair value. The Company considers factors, such as the length of time and extent to which the market value has been less than the cost, the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer, the Company intent to sell, or whether it is more likely than not it will be required to sell the investment before recovery of its amortized cost basis. If the Company believes that an other-than-temporary decline in fair value has occurred, it writes down the investment to fair value and recognizes the credit loss in earnings and the non-credit loss in accumulated other comprehensive income. As of September 30, 2016, aggregate fair value of the marketable securities in unrealized loss position was $25 millionand was comprised entirely of municipal securities. Aggregate unrealized losses for these securities were insignificant as of September 30, 2016 and are presented in the table above. As of September 30, 2015, aggregate fair value of the marketable securities in unrealized loss position was $404 millionand was comprised of corporate securities of $318 million, municipal securities of $66 million, bank certificates of deposit of $10 million, as well as U.S. Treasury and Government Agency securities of $10 million. Aggregate unrealized losses for these securities were $01 millionas of September 30, 2015 and are presented in the table above. The securities in unrealized loss position as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 were not considered other-than-temporarily impaired and, as such, the Company did not recognize impairment losses during the periods then ended. The unrealized losses are attributable to changes in interest rates which impact the value of the investments. 6.Property, Plant and EquipmentProperty, plant and equipment were as follows as of September30, 2016 and 2015 in thousands: September30,20162015Buildings and land$45,772$43,765Computer equipment and software65,98958,715Machinery and  and fixtures5,7045,310Leasehold  projects in  accumulated depreciation and  plant and equipment, net$54,885$41,855Depreciation expense, excluding amounts related to the discontinued operations, was $131 million, $123 millionand $127 million, respectively, for the fiscal years ended September30, 2016, 2015 and 2014. The Company recorded $13 millionof additions to property, plant and equipment for which cash payments had not yet been made as of September 30, 2016.During fiscal year 2015, the Company was leasing one of the buildings in Chelmsford, Massachusetts which was purchased for a total price of $84 millionon September 30, 2015. Please refer to Note 22, Commitments and Contingencies for further information on this transaction.As of September 30, 2015, the building and the underlying land with a carrying value of $48 millionlocated in Oberdiessbach, Switzerland were presented as Assets Held for Sale in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company determined fair value of the assets held for sale based on indication of value resulting from marketing the building and the land to prospective buyers. The Company recognized a loss of $19 millionin fiscal year 2015 for the difference between the assets' fair value of $29 millionand the carrying value of $48 million. The loss of $19 millionwas recognized as a component of Other expense income, net in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. During fiscal year 74Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued2016, the Company sold the building and the underlying land to an unrelated third party for a total price of $28 millionand remeasured the fair value of the assets. The corresponding impact of this remeasurement on the Company results of operations for fiscal year 2016 was insignificant. Please refer to Note 21, Fair Value Measurements for further information on the assets' fair value measurements7. Goodwill and Intangible AssetsGoodwill represents the excess of net book value over the estimated fair value of net tangible and identifiable intangible assets of a reporting unit. Goodwill is tested for impairment annually or more often if impairment indicators are present at the reporting unit level. The Company elected April 1 as its annual goodwill impairment assessment date and performs additional impairment tests if triggering events occur. If events occur or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce fair values of the reporting units below their carrying values, goodwill is evaluated for impairment between annual tests. Prior to fiscal year 2016, the Company had sixreporting units, including fivereporting units that had goodwill. Fourreporting units were a part of the Brooks Product Solutions operating segment, and each of the Brooks Global Services segment and Brooks Life Science Systems segment represented a reporting unit. During fiscal year 2016, the Company reorganized its operating and reportable segments intoi Brooks Semiconductor Solutions Group, or BSSG,; and ii Brooks Life Science Systems and realigned its reporting units to reflect the revised reporting structure. The combination of the Brooks Product Solutions segment and Brooks Global services segment did not have a direct impact on the goodwill at the reporting unit level. As a result of this re-alignment, the Company had fivereporting units as of September 30, 2016, including fourreporting units within the BSSG operating segment and onereporting unit which was Brooks Life Science Systems operating segment. Please refer to Note 20, Segment Information for additional information on the operating and reporting segments realignment. The revised reporting unit structure reflects the combination of twopreviously identified reporting units, Polycold and CTI Cryogenics, into onereporting unit called BSSG Cryogenics as a result of the reorganization of the Companys internal management structure and the economic similarities that exist between the tworeporting units. The Company evaluated goodwill for potential indicators of impairment before and after this combination and determined that fair value of each component individually and in aggregate exceeded their carrying values. BSSG Cryogenics goodwill carrying amount was $240 million, and its fair value significantly exceeded its carrying value as of the date of each goodwill impairment testing. The Company completed its annual goodwill impairment test as of April 1, 2016 and determined that no adjustment to goodwill was necessary. Fair values of all of the reporting units, except for Polycold, substantially exceeded their respective carrying values. Fair value of the Polycold reporting unit on a standalone basis exceeded its carrying value by 12%. During the second quarter of 2016, the Company concluded that recent operating trends and declining forecasts for the Polycold reporting unit represented indicators of potential goodwill impairment. As a result, the Company performed the first step of the quantitative goodwill impairment test as of February 1, 2016 and determined that the fair value exceeded the carrying value by 18%, and that nogoodwill impairment existed. The Company determined the Polycold reporting unit fair value based on an Income Approach in accordance with the DCF method. During the third quarter of fiscal year 2016, the Company incorporated lower projected future cash flows into the model due to lower forecasted revenue and gross margin in fiscal year 2016 that resulted in a decrease of the excess of the Polycold reporting unit fair value over its carrying value from 18%during the second quarter of fiscal year 2016 to 12%during the third quarter of fiscal year 2016. The estimated fair value of the Polycold reporting unit assumed a taxable transaction. The Polycold reporting unit goodwill carrying amount was $240 millionas of the date of each goodwill impairment assessment. The components of the Companys goodwill by an operating segment at September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows in thousands:75Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - ContinuedBrooks Semiconductor Solutions  goodwill, at September30,  goodwill  net of accumulated impairments, at September 30,  and adjustments 3,6608,24711,907Gross goodwill, at September30,  goodwill  net of accumulated impairments, at September 30,  and adjustments 1,05479,67680,730Gross goodwill, at September30,  goodwill  net of accumulated impairments, at September 30,  fiscal year 2016, the Company recorded a goodwill increase of $797 millionrelated to the acquisition of BioStorage which represented the excess of the consideration transferred over the fair value of the net assets acquired. Additionally, the Company recorded a measurement period adjustment related to the acquisition of Contact that resulted in a decrease in the tangible assets' fair value of $11 millionand a corresponding increase in goodwill. Please refer to the Note 4 Acquisitions for further information on the measurement period adjustment recorded during fiscal year 2016. The Company tests certain long-lived assets when impairment indicators are present. During fiscal year 2013, the Company determined that impairment indicators were present for the finite-lived intangible assets related to the Celigo product line. The assets were tested for recoverability by comparing the sum of the undiscounted cash flows directly attributable to the assets to their carrying values, which resulted in the conclusion that the carrying amounts of the assets were not recoverable. The fair values of the assets were determined based primarily on market-based valuation techniques, and an impairment loss of $20 millionwas recognized during fiscal year 2013. The loss amount was allocated to the long-lived assets in the impaired asset group based on the carrying value of each asset, with no asset reduced below its respective fair value. The Company revised its estimate of the fair value of these assets in fiscal year 2014 and recorded an additional impairment loss of $04 millionwithin Cost of revenue in its Consolidated Statements of Operations during the period then ended. The impairment loss was recorded in the Brooks Life Science Systems segment. The Company completed the sale of the Celigo product line during fiscal year 2014 that did not have a material impact on the Company financial position or results of operations for the period then ended.The components of the Companys identifiable intangible assets as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows in thousands: September 30, 2016September 30,     and trade   expense for intangible assets, excluding amounts related to the discontinued operations, was $150 million, $129 millionand $106 million, respectively, for the fiscal years ended September30, 2016, 2015 and 2014. 76Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - ContinuedEstimated future amortization expense for the intangible assets as of September30, 2016 is as follows in thousands: Year ended  Equity Method and Other Investments The Company accounts for certain of its investments using the equity method of accounting and records its proportionate share of the investee earnings losses in its results of operations with a corresponding increase decrease in the carrying value of the investment.BioCision, LLCIn March 2014, the Company acquired a 22%equity interest in BioCision, LLC, or BioCision, a privately-held company based in Larkspur, California, for $40 million. During fiscal year 2015, the Company equity investment was diluted from 22%to 20%as a result of stock options granted to new employees. BioCision develops, manufactures and markets cell cryopreservation products used for improving and standardizing the tools and methods for biomaterial sample handling. The Company determined that BioCision represented a variable interest entity since the level of equity investment at risk was not sufficient to finance its activities without additional financial support. However, the Company does not qualify as a primary beneficiary since it does not have the power to direct BioCision product research, development, selling and marketing activities that have the most significant impact on its economic performance. The Company loss exposure is limited to the amount of investment and loan funding provided to BioCision. As such, the Company concluded that BioCision should not be consolidated in its financial statements.During the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded a loss of $11 millionand $10 million, respectively, representing its proportional share in the BioCision losses. The carrying value of the investment in BioCision was $17 millionand $27 million, respectively, at September 30, 2016 and 2015. The Company purchased BioCision five-year convertible debt securities with a warrant agreement to purchase preferred units of BioCision for $25 millionon each of the following dates of December 22, 2014 and February 2, 2015, resulting in a total purchase price of $50 million. Interest accrues on the convertible debt securities at a rate of 9%per annum, and is due with the principal at maturity. The convertible debt securities were recorded at fair value and accounted for in accordance with the fair value method. The warrant was recorded at fair value and accounted for as a derivative instrument. At September 30, 2016, the fair values of the convertible debt securities and warrants were $58 millionand less than $01 million, respectively. At September 30, 2015, the fair values of the convertible debt securities and warrants were $53 millionand $01 million, respectively. Please refer to Note 21, Fair Value Measurements for further information regarding the convertible debt securities and the warrants. The Company re-measures the fair values of the BioCision convertible debt securities and the warrant during each reporting period and recognizes the respective gains or losses as a component of Other expense income, net in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company recognized remeasurement gains of $04 millionduring each fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. During fiscal year 2016, the Company provided a series of bridge loans to BioCision with an aggregate principal amount of $06 millionbearing an annual interest rate of 10%to support BioCision working capital requirements. During the second quarter of fiscal year 2016, the Company made an additional loan of $02 millionto BioCision, and the bridge loans were converted into a part of the permanent term loan, collectively, the loan, which provides for financing of an aggregate principal amount up to $15 million, including the first tranche of $08 millionand a second tranche of $08 millionwhich was provided to BioCision during the third quarter of fiscal year 2016 to support its working capital requirements. All principal and accrued interest outstanding on the loan mature on December 31, 2019 or at an earlier date upon the occurrence of certain events. In the event that BioCision obtains a certain equity investment or has a liquidity event, in either case, on or before September 30, 2016, all accrued and unpaid interest will be due and payable, and interest will thereafter accrue and be due and payable monthly in arrears. All accrued and unpaid interest was converted into additional loan principal with accrued interest due and payable monthly in arrears since no such equity investment or liquidity event occurred on or before September 30, 2016. The financing supports growing working capital requirements in part due to BioCision entering into a supply agreement with a certain customer. The Company will be entitled to receive quarterly royalty payments from BioCision equal to 15%of 77Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continuedthe revenue generated from this certain customer arrangement until the earlier of: i the termination of the customer arrangement, ii the receipt by the Company of an aggregate amount of $15 millionof royalty proceeds, and iii the date the loan is repaid in full. All outstanding and unpaid royalties become immediately due and payable to the Company if the customer arrangement is terminated. The loan is secured by a first priority perfected lien on BioCision cash flows from the aforementioned customer arrangement, as well as a second priority perfected subordinated security interest and a lien on its personal property and other intangible assets, including intellectual property. At September 30, 2016, the aggregate loan of $15 millionwas recorded at its carrying value and included in Other assets in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.As a result of each of the funding rounds described above, the Company reconsidered whether BioCision represents a variable interest entity subject to consolidation. The Company concluded that BioCision remains a variable interest entity since the level of equity investment at risk is not sufficient to finance its activities without additional financial support. However, the Company does not qualify as a primary beneficiary since it does not have the power to direct BioCision product research, development, selling and marketing activities that have the most significant impact on its economic performance. As such, the Company concluded that BioCision will not be consolidated in the Company financial statements. ULVAC Cryogenics, Inc.The Company participates in a 50%joint venture, ULVAC Cryogenics, Inc., or UCI, with ULVAC Corporation of Chigasaki, Japan. UCI manufactures and sells cryogenic vacuum pumps, principally to ULVAC Corporation. The carrying value of the investment in UCI was $256 millionand $215 million, respectively, at September 30, 2016 and 2015. During the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, the Company recorded income of $34 million, $14 millionand $16 million, respectively, representing its proportionate share of the UCI earnings. Management fee payments received by the Company from UCI were $08 millionduring fiscal year ended September30, 2016 and $06 millionduring each fiscal year ended September30, 2015 and 2014. During the fiscal years ended September30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, the Company incurred charges from UCI for products or services of $03 million, $04 millionand $04 million, respectively. The Company owed UCI $01 millionat each of September 30, 2016 and 2015 in connection with accounts payable for unpaid products and services. During the fiscal years ended September30, 2016 and 2015, the Company received $15 millionand $06 million, respectively, of cash dividends from UCI which reduced the carrying value of the Company investment. The Company investment in UCI is considered to be significant for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 since the Company proportionate share of the UCI earnings exceeded20%of the Company consolidated income from continuing operations before the income tax provision for the fiscal year 2016. Consolidated Financial Statements of UCI as of June 30, 2016 and 2015 and July 1, 2014 the date of transition and the related notes are filed as Exhibit 992 hereto and incorporated herein by reference in this Form 10-K.Yaskawa Brooks Automation, Inc.During fiscal year 2015, the Company participated in a 50%joint venture with Yaskawa Electric Corporation, or Yaskawa, called Yaskawa Brooks Automation, Inc., or YBA, which came to closure in March 2015 and was liquidated on September 3, 2015. YBA exclusively marketed and sold Yaskawas semiconductor robotics products and the Company automation hardware products to semiconductor customers in Japan. During the first quarter of fiscal year 2015, the Company and Yaskawa agreed in principle to dissolve the joint venture. On January 22, 2015, the Company entered into an agreement with YBA to facilitate the acquisition of certain assets and liabilities by the Companys subsidiary in Japan. In accordance with provisions of the joint venture agreement, on March 20, 2015, the Company purchased the net assets of YBA for cash consideration of approximately $18 million. The Company recorded the assets received and liabilities assumed from YBA at fair value as of the acquisition date. As a result of the transaction, the Company recorded $02 millionof goodwill, representing the excess of the consideration transferred over the fair value of the net assets acquired. The Company received a final dividend of $18 millionupon liquidation of YBA and incurred liquidation costs of $02 millionduring fiscal year 2015. In connection with the planned dissolution, YBA assessed the recoverability of assets held by the joint venture and notified its equity partners of the asset impairment. As a result, the Company recorded an impairment charge of $07 millionrelated to the write down of the carrying value of the equity investment in YBA to its fair value during fiscal year 2015.During the fiscal years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014, the Company recorded a loss of $06 millionand $01 million, respectively, representing its proportionate share of the YBA losses. During the fiscal years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014, revenue earned by the Company from YBA was $25 millionand $74 million, respectively. The Company incurred charges from YBA for products or services of $07 millionduring each fiscal year ended September 30, 2015 and 2014. There were noamounts receivable by the Company from YBA or owed by the Company to YBA at September 30, 2016 and 2015. Summarized Financial Information 78Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - ContinuedSummarized financial information for the unconsolidated subsidiaries accounted for based on the equity method for the fiscal years ended September30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 is as follows in thousands: September 30,20162015Balance Sheets:Current  assets15,46112,657Current  liabilities19,93313,581Year Ended September 30,201620152014Statements of Operations:Total  profit  loss from continuing  income  financial information presented in the table above includes results for UCI and BioCision and does not include results for YBA since such amounts are not significant. The Company currently records its share of UCI and BioCision results of operations based on a three-months lag. Accordingly, the Company Consolidated Financial Statements include its share of income and losses incurred by UCI and BioCision from the periods beginning and ending three months prior to the periods shown in the table9.Loan Receivable In fiscal year 2012, the Company provided a strategic partner the Borrower a loan of $30 millionto support the Borrower future product development and other working capital requirements. The loan initially bore a stated interest rate of 9%, and the outstanding principal and interest were initially due in May 2015. The Company also received a warrant to purchase the Borrower common stock in the event of an equity offering by the Borrower and certain other rights related to conversion of the loan, including the first refusal to acquire the Borrower and a redemption premium. The loan was initially secured by a security agreement granting the Company a first-priority security interest in all of the Borrower assets.The Company determined that the Borrower represented a variable interest entity since the level of equity investment at risk was not sufficient for the entity to finance its activities without additional financial support. However, the Company does not qualify as the primary beneficiary since it would not absorb the majority of the expected losses from the Borrower and does not have the power to direct the Borrower product research, development and marketing activities that have the most significant impact on its economic performance. The Company has no future contractual funding commitments to the Borrower and, as a result, the Company exposure to loss is limited to the outstanding principal and interest due on the loan.During fiscal year 2014, the Borrower informed the Company of its intent to secure additional funding from an investment program funded by the Commonwealth of Massachusetts designed to support early-stage companies. In connection with the Borrowers efforts to secure additional financing, the Company agreed to subordinate its security interest in the assets of the Borrower to the new lender. Additionally, the Company agreed to extend the due date of its loan by approximately 5 years, to September 2019, in order to coincide with the due date of the new loan. The amended loan has a stated interest rate of 10%. In connection with its efforts to secure additional financial support, the Borrower developed revised assumptions about its future cash flows. Based on the information provided by the Borrower and the subordination of the loan to the new lender, the Company determined it was probable that it would not recover all amounts due from the loan and recorded an impairment charge of $26 millionduring fiscal year 2014. The impairment charge included the warrant write-off and was recorded in the Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Company Consolidated Statements of Operations.The fair value of the loan is determined by considering the fair value of the collateral using valuation techniques, principally the discounted cash flow method, reduced by the amounts subordinated to the debt provided by the new lender. The observable inputs used in the Company analysis are limited primarily to the discount rate, which is based on a rate 79Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continuedcommensurate with the risks and uncertainties of the Borrower. As a result, the fair value of the loan could vary under different conditions or assumptions, including the varying assumptions regarding future cash flows of the Borrower or discount rates.Carrying value of the loan receivable was $02 millionand $10 million, respectively, at September 30, 2016 and 2015. The Company determines fair value of the loan based on a relief from royalty and discounted cash flow approaches. During fiscal year 2016, the Company concluded that recent operating trends and declining future cash flow forecasts of the Borrower represented indicators of potential loan impairment. As a result, the Company updated the discounted cash flow valuation model based on revised lower forecasted future cash flow assumptions and determined, based on a relief from royalty and discounted cash flow approaches, that carrying value of the loan exceeded its estimated fair value by $08 million. Accordingly, the Company recorded an impairment based on charge of $08 millionin Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Company Consolidated Statements of Operations during fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 which resulted in the loan carrying value of $02 millionat September 30, 2016. 10.Supplementary Balance Sheet InformationThe following is a summary of accounts receivable at September30, 2016 and 2015 in thousands:September 30, 20162015Accounts receivable$108,713$87,582Less allowance for doubtful accounts2,2411,019Less allowance for sales  allowance for doubtful accounts activity for the fiscal years ended September30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 is as follows in thousands: DescriptionBalanceatBeginning   ofPeriod2016 Allowance for doubtful  Allowance for doubtful accounts1,031121,0192014 Allowance for doubtful accounts863438315451,031The allowance for sales returns activity for the fiscal years ended September30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 is as follows in thousands: DescriptionBalanceatBeginning  ofPeriod2016 Allowance for sales returns$115$14$$1012015 Allowance for sales returns133181152014 Allowance for sales returns11419133The following is a summary of inventories at September30, 2016 and 2015 in thousands:September 30,20162015InventoriesRaw materials and purchased   activity for excess and obsolete inventory reserves, excluding amounts related to discontinued operations, is as follows for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 in thousands: 80Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -  ofPeriodProvisionsInventory Disposals and AdjustmentsBalanceatEnd ofPeriod2016 Reserves for excess and obsolete  Reserves for excess and obsolete  Reserves for excess and obsolete  Company establishes reserves for estimated cost of product warranties based on historical information. Product warranty reserves are recorded at the time product revenue is recognized, and retrofit accruals are recorded at the time retrofit programs are established. The Companys warranty obligation is affected by product failure rates, utilization levels, material usage, service delivery costs incurred in correcting a product failure and supplier warranties on parts delivered to the Company. The following is a summary of product warranty and retrofit activity on a gross basis, excluding amounts related to discontinued operations, for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 in thousands:AmountBalance at September30, 2013$7,260Adjustments for acquisitions and divestitures364Accruals for warranties during the year9,969Costs incurred during the year11,094Balance at September30, 20146,499Adjustments for acquisitions and divestitures81Accruals for warranties during the year9,917Costs incurred during the year10,408Balance at September30, 20156,089Adjustments for acquisitions and divestituresAccruals for warranties during the year9,975Costs incurred during the year9,740Balance at September30, 2016$6,32411. Line of CreditOn May 26, 2016, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries entered into a credit agreement with Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. the Wells Fargo. The credit agreement provides for a five-year senior secured revolving line of credit the ''line of credit of $750 million. Availability under the line of credit is subject to a borrowing base which is redetermined from time to time based on certain percentage of certain eligible U.S. assets, including accounts receivable, inventory, real property, as well as machinery and equipment. The agreement includes sublimits of up to $250 millionfor letters of credit and $75 millionof swing loans at the time there is more than one lender under the credit agreement. The line of credit expires on May 26, 2021 with all outstanding principal and interest due and payable on such date or an earlier date if declared due and payable on such earlier date pursuant to the terms of the credit agreement by acceleration or otherwise. Subject to certain conditions of the credit agreement, the net cash proceeds from sales of certain collateral during the term of the arrangement are required to be used to prepay borrowings under the line of credit. The Company may also voluntarily prepay certain amounts under the line of credit without penalty or premium. There were noamounts outstanding under the line of credit as of September 30, 2016.Borrowings under the line of credit bear an annual interest rate equal to, at the Companys option, the base rate or the LIBOR rate plus, in each case, an applicable margin determined based on the Company liquidity as of the first day of each fiscal quarter. LIBOR rate is reset at the beginning of each selected interest period based on the rate then in effect. The base rate is a fluctuating interest rate equal to the highest of ithe federal funds rate plus 050%, iithe one month LIBOR rate plus 100%and iiithe prime lending rate announced by Wells Fargo.During the fiscal year 2016, the Company incurred $07 millionin deferred financing costs which included commitments fees and other costs directly associated with obtaining the line of credit. Please refer to Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for further information on the deferred financing fees. In addition to interest on any outstanding borrowings under the credit agreement, the Company is required to pay monthly fees of025%per year related to unused portion of the revolver commitment amounts. The Company incurred approximately $01 millionin such fees during fiscal year 2016. All outstanding borrowings under the credit agreement are guaranteed by the Company along with certain U.S. subsidiaries and secured by a first priority perfected security interest in 81Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continuedsubstantially all of the Company and guarantor assets in the U.S., subject to certain exceptions. Additionally, the Company granted Wells Fargo a mortgage lien on certain company-owned real properties. The line of credit contains certain customary representations and warranties, a financial covenant, affirmative and negative covenants, as well as events of default. In the event in which the Company liquidity is less than the greater of i 125%of the commitments under the line of credit, and ii $94 million, and continuing until the time such liquidity during a 60-consecutive day period has been equal to or greater than the greater of a 125%of the commitments under the line of credit, and b $94 million, the Company is required to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio of at least 10to 10 measured as of the last day of each fiscal month ending during such period. Liquidity is defined as a sum of a excess availability under the credit agreement; and b unrestricted cash and cash equivalents located in bank accounts in the United States that are subject to a control agreement in favor of Wells Fargo, limited to a maximum amount of 50%of liquidity. Negative covenants limit the Company ability to incur additional indebtedness, liens, sell assets, consolidate or merge with or into other entities, pay non-cash dividends and cash dividends if the Company fails to meet certain payment conditions, make certain investments, prepay, redeem or retire subordinated debt, and enter into certain types of transactions with the Companys affiliates. If any of the events of default occur and are not waived or cured within applicable grace periods, any unpaid amounts under the credit agreement, including principal and interest, may be declared immediately due and payable and the credit agreement may be terminated. The Company was in compliance with the line of credit covenants as of September 30, 201612.Income TaxesThe components of the income tax provision benefit, excluding amounts related to the discontinued operations, for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 are as follows in thousands: Year Ended  income tax provision  current income tax  income tax  deferred income tax  tax provision  components of income loss before income taxes and equity in losses earnings of equity method investments for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 are as follows in thousands: Year Ended  of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - ContinuedThe differences between the income tax provision benefit and income taxes computed using the applicable U.S.statutory federal tax rate for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 are as follows in thousands: Year Ended September30, 201620152014Income tax provision benefit computed at federal statutory rate$2,217$6,177$217State income taxes, net of federal benefit11324312Foreign income taxed at different  in deferred tax asset valuation  in uncertain tax  compensation7821,3251,064Tax  and entertainment274314220Merger  tax provision  Company has not provided deferred income taxes on the unremitted earnings of its foreign subsidiaries as these earnings are considered to be indefinitely reinvested outside of the U.S. These earnings amounted to approximately $520 million, $403 millionand $252 million, respectively, at September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014. It is not practicable to compute the estimated deferred tax liability on these earnings as they depend on numerous factors and vary based on the timing of future remittances and the future results of various foreign operations. Deferred taxes have not been provided on unremitted earnings of its fifty percent-owned foreign corporate joint venture, Ulvac Cryogenics, Inc. as these earnings are also considered to be indefinitely reinvested outside of the U.S. The Company does, however, receive annual dividends only from current year earnings of this joint venture and these dividends are included in taxable income for the year. Any earnings that are not distributed in the current year will then be considered indefinitely reinvested as the company does not expect to receive dividends from prior year earnings.The significant components of the net deferred tax assets and liabilities as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows in thousands: September30, 20162015Accruals and reserves not currently  state and foreign tax credits24,53922,115Other assets4,2945,939Net operating loss  reserves and valuation11,34210,598Deferred tax  and intangible  tax  allowance104,80218,797Net deferred tax liability asset$932$83,638In November 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update the ASU 2015-17, Income Taxes Topic 740, Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes. This guidance requires deferred tax liabilities, deferred tax assets and valuation allowances to be classified as non-current in a classified balance sheet. This ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted and may be applied either prospectively or retrospectively to all periods presented. The Company has elected to early adopt the ASU as of September 30, 2016 on retrospective basis. The classification of deferred tax assets and liabilities as of September 30, 2015 has been recast to reflect the current period presentation. Current deferred tax assets, non-current deferred tax assets, current deferred tax liabilities and non-current deferred tax liabilities were $176 million, $705 million, $13 millionand $32 million, respectively, in the previously issued financial statements for the fiscal year ended September 30, 201583Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - ContinuedASC Topic 740, Income Taxes, requires that all available evidence, both positive and negative, be considered in determining, based on the weight of that evidence, whether a valuation allowance is needed. The weight given to the potential effect of negative and positive evidence should be commensurate with the extent to which it can be objectively verified. The more negative evidence that exists, a the more positive evidence is necessary and b the more difficult it is to support a conclusion that a valuation allowance is not needed for some portion or all of the deferred tax asset. A cumulative loss in recent years is considered a significant piece of negative evidence that is difficult to overcome in assessing the need for a valuation allowance.The Company evaluates the realizability of its deferred tax assets by tax-paying component and assesses the need for a valuation allowance on an annual and quarterly basis. The Company evaluates the profitability of each tax-paying component on a historic cumulative basis and a forward looking basis in the course of performing this analysis.The Company evaluated all positive and negative evidence in concluding it was appropriate to establish a full valuation allowance against U.S. net deferred tax assets during fiscal year 2016.The Company evaluated negative evidence to assess if it is more likely than not that the Company could utilize the U.S. deferred tax assets. In reviewing performance over the recent years, the Company currently shows cumulative income. This history considers earnings in recent years from the discontinued operations of Granville-Phillips, which was divested during fiscal year 2014 and freed up capital for investments in strategic growth businesses. In evaluating the historical results of the continuing businesses, the Company has not yet demonstrated profitability with losses in recent periods. The Company reported U.S. pre-tax losses during fiscal year 2015 and fiscal year 2016. The loss in fiscal year 2016 included a significant charge for restructuring actions which are ultimately expected to improve future profitability. However, these losses presented significant negative evidence in the evaluation.  The Company also considered positive evidence such as expected improvements that are the results of investments in growth businesses. The Company prepares comprehensive forecasts based on the cyclical trends of the semiconductor industry, expected capital spending in the industry and demand for new product offerings. The Company forecast of future improved profits includes a portion related to foreign operations, specifically in the Contamination Control Solutions business, which are excluded from the evaluation of U.S. deferred tax assets. The forecast of future improved profits also includes a portion related to U.S. operations. The Brooks Life Science Systems segment has driven cumulative losses in the U.S. in the past years, but is expected to provide growth in revenue and improved profitability resulting in increased profits in the U.S. After extensive review, despite significant projected improvements, the forecasted income is not considered to be objectively verifiable evidence because the revenue growth expected for the future periods is based on projections and not significantly supported by specific bookings and backlog of orders for product in place as of the end of the quarter. The evidence is therefore considered more subjective than objective under the accounting rules. Accordingly, this positive evidence is given less weight than the negative evidence discussed above. A cumulative loss is difficult negative evidence to overcome on a more likely than not basis. Future income projections can only overcome this negative evidence if the projections are considered objectively verifiable. Since the income projections are not considered objectively verifiable, the Company determined that realization of the U.S. net deferred tax assets should not be viewed as more likely than not until the projected profits are supported with objectively verifiable evidence of the improvements. As a result of this change in assessment, the Company recorded a tax provision of $793 millionto establish the valuation allowance against U.S. net deferred tax assets during the second quarter of fiscal year 2016. The Company will continue to maintain a full valuation allowance on its U.S. deferred tax assets until there is sufficient positive evidence to support the reversal of all or some portion of these allowances.As of September30, 2016, the Company had federal, state and foreign net operating loss carry-forwards of approximately $1370 million, $1140 millionand $850 million, respectively. The federal net operating losses expire beginning in 2024through 2035, with the majority of the loss expiring in 2029. The state net operating losses are generated in various jurisdictions with different carryover periods and expire starting in 2017through 2035. Certain foreign net operating loss carryovers will begin to expire in 2017, while a significant portion has an unlimited carryover period. The net operating loss carry-forward includes excess deductions related to stock compensation in the amount of $150 millionwhich have not been recognized for financial statement purposes. The benefits of these tax deductions will be credited to additional paid-in capital upon being realized. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had federal research and development tax credit carry-forwards of $187 million. These credit carry-forwards will expire at various dates beginning in 2020through 2036. The Company also has $104 millionof state credits which begin to expire in 2020, while some of these credits have an unlimited carryover period. The Company has performed studies to determine if there are any annual limitations on the federal net operating losses under the Section382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Internal Revenue Code. As a result of these studies, the Company has determined that ownership changes have occurred primarily in connection with acquisitions when the Company has issued stock to the sellers, as well as ownership changes in the subsidiaries acquired by the Company. Certain 84Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continuedlimitations have been calculated, and the benefits of the net operating losses that will expire before utilization have not been recorded as deferred tax assets in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. In fiscal year 2016, the Company identified an error in footnote disclosures related to historical components of its net deferred tax asset balance. Specifically, as of September 30, 2015, the gross deferred tax assets net operating loss carryforwards and related valuation allowance were understated by an equal and offsetting amount of $129 million. The error was corrected as of September 30, 2016 and had no impact on the net deferred tax assets or the provision for income taxes.The error and associated out of period correction were determined to be immaterial and had no effect on the Companys Consolidated Balance Sheets, Statements of Operations, Changes in Equity or Cash Flows for any period presented.The Company maintains liabilities for uncertain tax positions. These liabilities involve judgment and estimation and are monitored based on the best information available. A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of the consolidated liability for unrecognized income tax benefits during the fiscal years ended September30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 is as follows in thousands: TotalBalance at October1, 2013$5,147Reductions from lapses in statutes of limitations861Foreign exchange rate adjustment24Balance at September30, 20144,262Reductions from settlements with taxing authorities1,304Reductions from lapses in statutes of limitations734Foreign exchange rate adjustment33Balance at September30, 20152,191Additions for tax positions in current year4,165Reductions from lapses in statutes of limitations897Foreign exchange rate adjustment32Balance at September30, 2016$5,427Included in the ending balance of unrecognized tax benefits for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 are $38 millionof tax benefits that if recognized would result in adjustments to deferred taxes in jurisdictions where a full valuation allowance is recorded. The Company recognizes interest related to unrecognized benefits as a component of income tax provision benefit, of which $01 million, $02 millionand $03 million, respectively, was recognized for the fiscal years ended September30, 2016, 2015 and 2014. The statute of limitations lapsed on several uncertain tax positions in the foreign jurisdictions during fiscal year 2016 that resulted in a $09 millionreduction in gross unrecognized tax benefits that impacted the effective tax rate.The Company is subject to U.S.federal income tax and various state, local and international income taxes in various jurisdictions. The amount of income taxes paid is subject to the Company interpretation of applicable tax laws in the jurisdictions in which it files. In the normal course of business, the Company is subject to income tax audits in various global jurisdictions in which it operates. The years subject to examination vary for the U.S.and international jurisdictions, with the earliest tax year being 2010. Based on the outcome of these examinations or the expiration of statutes of limitations for specific jurisdictions, it is reasonably possible that the related unrecognized tax benefits could change from those recorded in the Company Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company currently anticipates that it is reasonably possible that the unrecognized tax benefits will be reduced by approximately $11 millionin the next 12 months13.Derivative Instruments Prior to fiscal year 2014, the Company was a party to foreign exchange contracts to reduce its exposure to changes in foreign exchange rates associated with an order for multiple automated sample management systems. The Company concluded that these foreign currency contracts met the criteria to qualify as a cash flow hedge. Accordingly, the Company reflected changes in the fair value of the effective portion of these foreign currency contracts in accumulated other comprehensive income. During fiscal year 2014, the Company reclassified the realized gain of $01 millionon these contracts from accumulated other comprehensive income into revenue to coincide with recognition of the hedged transaction. Please refer to Note 15, Stockholders' Equity, for further information on this reclassification and its impact on the accumulated other 85Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continuedcomprehensive income and other comprehensive income for the fiscal year 2014. The Company did not recognize any amounts related to hedging ineffectiveness of these contracts in the results of operations for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014.As of September 30, 2014, the Company did not have any notional amounts outstanding under foreign currency contracts that qualified for cash flow hedge accounting.The Company has transactions and balances denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Most of these transactions or balances are denominated in Euros, British Pounds and a variety of Asian currencies. These transactions and balances, including short-term advances between the Company and its subsidiaries, subject the Company operations to exposure from exchange rate fluctuations. The impact of currency exchange rate movement can be positive or negative in any period. The Company mitigates the impact of potential currency transaction gains and losses on short-term intercompany advances through timely settlement of each transaction, generally within 30 days.The Company also enters into foreign exchange contracts to reduce its exposure to currency fluctuations. Under forward contract arrangements, the Company typically agrees to purchase a fixed amount of U.S. dollars in exchange for a fixed amount of a foreign currency on specified dates with maturities of three months or less. These transactions do not qualify for hedge accounting. Net gains and losses related to these contracts are recorded as a component of Other expense income, net in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations and are as follows for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 in thousands:YearsEnded  gains on derivatives not designated as hedging instruments$1,434$628$185The Company had the following notional amounts outstanding under foreign currency contracts that do not qualify for hedge accounting at September 30, 2016 and 2015 in thousands:September 30,   Sell  Pound246Swedish KronaOctober  PoundOctober  Yuan October 201639,00033Euro14,976U.S. DollarOctober 201613,30040Korean Won2,255U.S.DollarOctober  PoundOctober  ShekelOctober 20161,1691$5$96September 30,   Sell  WonOctober 20151,852,000$$6British Pound2,157EuroOctober  DollarOctober  PoundOctober 20156,52032Euro9,300U.S. DollarOctober  Yuan October  YenOctober  YenDecember  ShekelOctober 20151,800$89$3686Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - ContinuedThe fair values of the forward contracts described above are recorded in the Company Consolidated Balance Sheets as Prepaid expenses and other current assets and Accrued expenses and other current liabilities.Stock WarrantsThe BioCision warrant agreement contains net share settlement provisions, which permit the Company to pay the warrant exercise price using shares issuable under the warrants cashless exercise. The value of the stock warrants fluctuates primarily in relation to the value of BioCision underlying securities, either providing an appreciation in value or potentially expiring with no value. Gains and losses on the revaluation of the stock warrant are recognized as a component of Other expense income, net in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. Please refer to Note 21 Fair Value Measurements for further information regarding the fair value of the stock warrant. 14.Postretirement BenefitsDefined Benefit Pension PlansThe Company has twoactive defined benefit pension plans collectively, the Plans. The Plans cover substantially all of the Companys employees in Switzerland and Taiwan. Retirement benefits are generally earned based on years of service and the level of compensation during active employment, but the level of benefits varies within the Plans. Eligibility is determined in accordance with local statutory requirements. The Company uses September30thas a measurement date to determine net periodic benefit costs, benefit obligations and the value of plan assets for all plans. The following tables set forth the funded status and amounts recognized in the Companys Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September30, 2016 and 2015 in thousands: September30, 20162015Benefit obligation at beginning of fiscal year$7,661$8,213Service cost548482Interest cost71124Actuarial loss 106733Benefits paid712209Employee  paid1,795Curtailment gain1,064Foreign currency translation81331Benefit obligation at end of fiscal year$6,847$7,661Fair value of assets at beginning of fiscal year$4,838$6,131Actual return on plan  contributions296306Employee  paid1,795Foreign currency translation55224Fair value of assets at end of fiscal year$4,734$4,838Accrued benefit obligation$2,113$2,823The accumulated benefit obligation of the Plans is $63 millionand $69 million, respectively, at September 30, 2016 and 2015. Both Plans have an accumulated benefit obligation and projected benefit obligation in excess of plans' assets at September 30, 2016 and 201587Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - ContinuedThe following table provides pension-related amounts and their classification within the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September30, 2015 and 2014 in thousands: September30,20162015Accrued compensation and benefits$155$298Long-term pension  other comprehensive income at September30, 2016 and 2015 includes unrecognized net actuarial losses of $03 millionand $02 million, respectively, and cumulative unrecognized investment losses of $09 millionand $08 million, respectively, during fiscal years 2016 and 2015. Unrecognized net actuarial losses and cumulative unrecognized investment losses within accumulated other comprehensive income were offset by a curtailment gain of $09 millionat September 30, 2016.The components of the Companys net pension cost for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 are as follows in thousands:YearEnded  cost$548$482$406Interest cost71124154Expected return on plan  of losses222OtherNet periodic pension cost462398348Curtailment gain227Settlement loss232Total pension cost$235$630$348The following changes in Plans' assets and benefit obligations were recognized in other comprehensive income loss as of September30, 2016 and 2015 in thousands: September30,20162015Net loss$165$722Amortization of net loss22Curtailment gain852Settlement loss232Total recognized in other comprehensive income loss689488Total recognized in net periodic pension cost and other comprehensive income loss$227$88688Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - ContinuedThe curtailment gain of $02 millionincurred during fiscal year 2016 and the settlement loss of $02 millionincurred during fiscal year 2015 were reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income loss into the results of operations during each fiscal year. Additionally, a curtailment gain of $11 millionwas recognized as a reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive income and a corresponding reduction in pension liabilities. Please refer to Note 15, Stockholders' Equity, for further information on these reclassifications and their impact on the accumulated other comprehensive income and other comprehensive income during each fiscal year.Weighted-average assumptions used to determine the projected benefit obligation for the fiscal years ended September30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 are as follows:  rate040%092%155%Expected return on plan assets175%178%218%Expected rate of compensation increases131%165%187%In selecting the appropriate discount rates for the Plans, the Company uses country-specific information, adjusted to reflect the duration of the particular plan. The expected return on plan assets is based on an evaluation of fixed income yield curves and equity return assumption studies applied to the Plans' asset allocations.The Company bases its determination of pension expense on a market-related valuation of assets, which reduces year-to-year volatility. This market-related valuation recognizes investment gains or losses over a five-year period from the year in which they occur. Investment gains or losses represent the difference between the expected return calculated using the market-related value of assets and the actual return on assets. Since the market-related value of assets recognizes gains or losses over a five-year period, the future value of assets will be impacted as previously deferred gains or losses are recognized. At September30, 2016, the Company had cumulative unrecognized investment losses of approximately $09 millionunder the Plans which remain to be recognized in the calculation of the market-related values of assets. At September30, 2016, the Company had cumulative unrecognized net actuarial losses of 03 millionwhich are amortized into net periodic benefit cost over the average remaining service period of active Plans' participants. Plan Assets The fair value of plan assets for the Switzerland Plan and Taiwan Plan were $42 millionand $05 million, respectively, at September30, 2016. The assets of the Switzerland Plan are invested in a collective fund with multiple employers through a Swiss insurance company, which is a customary practice for Swiss pension plans. The Company does not have any rights or an investment authority over the Plan assets which are invested primarily in highly rated debt securities. The assets of the Taiwan Plan are invested with a trustee selected by the Taiwan government, and the Company has no investment authority over the Plan assets. The allocation of the Plans' assets at September30, 2016 is as follows: September 30, 2016Cash and cash equivalents3%Debt securities72Equity securities7Other18100%89Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - ContinuedThe fair values of pension assets by asset category and by level at September30, 2016 are as follows in thousands:As of September30, 2016Level1Level 2Level3Total Swiss Life collective  collective  fair values of pension assets by asset category and by level at September30, 2015 are as follows in thousands: As of September30, 2015Level1Level 2Level3Total Swiss Life collective  collective  refer to Note21, Fair Value Measurements for a description of the levels of inputs used to determine fair value measurements. Benefit payments expected to be paid over the next five fiscal years and thereafter are as follows in thousands:  through 2026735The Company expects to contribute $02 millionto the Plans in fiscal year 2017 to meet the minimum funding requirements of the Plans.Defined Contribution PlansThe Company sponsors a defined contribution plan that meets the requirements of Section401k of the Internal Revenue Code. All United States employees who meet minimum age and service requirements are eligible to participate in the plans. The plans allow employees to invest, on a pre-tax basis, a percentage of their annual salary and bonus subject to statutory limitations. The Company matches a portion of their contributions on a pre-tax basis up to a maximum amount of 45%of deferred pay. The expense recognized for the defined contribution plans was $36 million, $30 millionand $35 million, respectively, for the fiscal years ended September30, 2016, 2015 and 2014. 15.Stockholders Equity Preferred Stock Total number of shares of preferred stock authorized for issuance was 1,000,000shares at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Preferred stock has a par value of $001per share and may be issued at the discretion of the Board of Directors without stockholder approval with such designations, rights and preferences as the Board of Directors may determine. There were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding at September30, 2016 or 2015, respectively. 90Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - ContinuedAccumulated Other Comprehensive IncomeThe following is a summary of the components of accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax, at September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 in thousands: Currency Translation AdjustmentsUnrealized Gains Losses on Available-for-Sale SecuritiesUnrealized Gains Losses on Cash Flow HedgesPension Liability AdjustmentsTotalBalance at September 30,  comprehensive loss income before  reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income2693119Balance at September 30,  comprehensive loss income before  reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income131323298Balance at September 30, 20156,5451037505,898Other comprehensive income loss before  reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income125852977Balance at September 30,  net holding gains losses on available-for-sale marketable securities are reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income into results of operations at the time of the securities' sale, as described in Note 5, Marketable Securities. Losses on settlements of cash flow hedges are reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income into results of operations at the time of the settlement, as described in Note 13, Derivative Instruments. Losses related to defined benefit pension plan settlements are reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income into results of operations at the time of the settlement, as described in Note 14, Postretirement Benefits. Defined benefit pension plan curtailments are recognized as reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive income and corresponding reductions in pension liabilities and net pension cost, as described in Note 14, Postretirement Benefits.Losses related to currency translation adjustments were reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income into results of operations upon liquidation of YBA joint venture, as described in Note 8, Equity Method Investments.Non-controlling InterestsNoncontrolling interests represented the minority shareholders proportionate share of the equity in the Companys majority owned subsidiary, Brooks Automation Asia, Ltd. the BAA. The Company has historically consolidated the financial position and results of operations from BAA and presented the portion of the income attributable to the minority shareholders as Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. In September 2014, the Company acquired the remaining interest in BAA from the minority shareholders for $32 million. Increases in ownership of a consolidated subsidiary are accounted for as equity transactions and as a result, no additional assets or liabilities are recognized upon acquiring additional interest. As of the date of the acquisition, 100%of BAAs pre-tax income was reflected in the Companys results of operations. The increase in the Company proportional share of BAA results of operations was not material to the Company results of operations for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014. The payment to the minority shareholders was classified as a financing activity in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. As a result of this transaction, the Company does not have noncontrolling interests as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 16.Equity Incentive Plans The Company equity incentive plans are intended to attract and retain employees and provide an incentive for them to contribute to the Company long-term growth and achievement of its long-range performance goals. The equity incentive plans consist of plans under which employees may be granted options to purchase shares of the Company stock, restricted stock and other equity incentives. Restricted stock awards generally have a 3year vesting period. At September30, 2016, a total of 4,363,536shares were reserved and available for future grant under the equity incentive plans. 91Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - ContinuedAmended and Restated 2000 Equity Incentive Plan The primary purpose of the Amended and Restated 2000 Equity Incentive Plan the 2000 Plan is to attract and retain employees and provide an incentive for them to contribute to the Company long-term growth and achievement of its long-range performance goals. In accordance with the 2000 Plan provisions, the Company may grant ioptions intended to qualify as incentive stock options under Section422 of the Internal Revenue Code, iioptions that are not qualified as incentive stock option the nonqualified stock options, and iiistock appreciation rights, performance awards and restricted stock. All employees of the Company or any affiliate of the Company, independent directors, consultants and advisors are eligible to participate in the 2000 Plan. Options granted out of the 2000 Plan generally vested over fouryears and expired within tenyears from the date of grant. The 2000 Plan provided for the issuance of a maximum of 9,000,000shares of common stock. The 2000 Plan expired on March 31, 2015. Stock option and restricted stock awards granted out of the 2000 Plan that were canceled or forfeited after February 5, 2015 were available for grant under the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan2015 Equity Incentive Plan The primary purpose of the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, the 2015 Plan is to attract and retain employees and provide an incentive for them to contribute to the Company long-term growth and achievement of its long-range performance goals. In accordance with the 2015 Plan provisions, the Company may grant irestricted stock and other stock-based awards, iinonqualified stock options, and iiioptions intended to qualify as incentive stock options under Section422 of the Internal Revenue Code. All employees of the Company or any affiliate of the Company, independent directors, consultants and advisors are eligible to participate in the 2015 Plan. The 2015 Plan provides for the issuance of a maximum of 5,000,000shares of common stock in addition to the stock option and restricted stock awards granted out of the 2000 Plan that were canceled or forfeited after February 5, 2015.Restricted Stock ActivityThe following table summarizes restricted stock unit activity for the fiscal year ended September30,  at September 30,  at September 30, 20162,489,076$1079The weighted average grant date fair value of restricted stock units granted during fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $1084, $1189and $949per share, respectively. The fair value of restricted stock units vested during fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $143 million, $84 millionand $56 million, respectively. The Company paid $44 million, $23 millionand $14 million, respectively, for withholding taxes on vested restricted stock units during fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014. Additionally, 1,189,057restricted stock units were forfeited during fiscal year 2016 primarily due to the failure to achieve certain performance thresholds for performance-based restricted stock units and as a result of the restructuring action initiated during the period then ended. Please refer to Note 17, Restructuring and Other Charges for further information on the restructuring action. As of September30, 2016, the future unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to restricted stock units expected to vest is $151 millionand is expected to be recognized over an estimated weighted average amortization period of 17years.The Company grants restricted stock units which vest upon the satisfaction of certain performance conditions and / or service conditions. In addition, the Company issues shares to participating employees pursuant to an employee stock purchase plan. The Company also issues unrestricted stock awards to its directors in accordance with its director compensation program.The Company grants restricted stock units that vest over a required service period and /or achievement of certain operating performance goals. Restricted stock units granted with performance goals may also have a required service period following the achievement of all or a portion of the goals. The following table reflects restricted stock units granted, including 8,500of time-based awards related to the discontinued operation and stock awards granted, during fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014:92Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - ContinuedTotal UnitsTime-Based UnitsStock GrantsPerformance-Based UnitsYear ended September 30,  ended September 30,  ended September 30,  GrantsRestricted stock units granted with a required service period typically have threeyear vesting schedules in which one-third of awards vest at the first anniversary of the grant date, one-third vest at the second anniversary of the grant date and one-third vest at the third anniversary of the grant date, subject to the award holders meeting service requirements. Stock GrantsDuring fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014, the Company granted 86,082, 69,281and 82,095units, respectively, to the members of the Company Board of Directors, including compensation-related restricted stock units of 55,380, 49,267and 57,603, respectively. Certain members of its Board of Directors previously elected to defer receiving their annual awards of unrestricted shares of the Company stock and quarterly dividends until a future date. During fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014, the Company issued 25,560, 13,318and 24,492units, respectively, related to deferred annual restricted share awards. During fiscal years 2016 and 2015, the Company issued 5,142and 6,876units, respectively, related to deferred quarterly dividends in an amount equal to the value of cash dividends that would be paid on the number of deferred shares based on the closing price of the Companys stock on each dividend record date.There were no such units issued during fiscal year 2014. These units vested upon issuance, but receipt of the Company shares is deferred until the holders attain a certain age or cease to provide services to the Company in their capacity as Board members.Performance-Based GrantsPerformance-based restricted stock units are earned based on the achievement of performance criteria established by the Human Resources and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. The criteria for performance-based awards are weighted and have threshold, target and maximum performance goals. Performance-based awards granted in fiscal year 2016 allow participants to earn 100%of a targeted number of restricted stock units if the Companys performance meets its target for each applicable financial metric, and up to a maximum of 200%of the restricted stock units if the Companys performance for such metrics meets the maximum threshold. Performance below the minimum threshold for each financial metric results in award forfeitures. Performance goals will be measured over a threeyear period at the end of fiscal year 2018 to determine the number of units earned by recipients that continue to meet a service requirement. Units held by recipients that fail to meet the continued service requirement are forfeited. Earned units for recipients that continue to meet the service requirements vest on the date the Companys Board of Directors determines the number of units earned, which will be approximately the third anniversary of the grant date. Performance-based awards granted in fiscal year 2015 include provisions similar to fiscal 2016 awards that allow participants to earn threshold, target and maximum awards ranging from 0%of the award for performance below the minimum threshold, 100%of the award for performance at target, and up to a maximum of 200%of the award if the Company achieves the maximum performance goals.Sixtypercent of the performance-based units granted in fiscal year 2015 had certain performance goals that were measured at the end of fiscal year 2015 to determine the number of earned units eligible for subsequent vesting. The Company performed below the threshold levels relative to the performance criteria for these awards and as a result these awards were not eligible for subsequent vesting, which resulted in a forfeiture of 495,684units. Fortypercent of the performance-based units granted in fiscal year 2015 have certain performance goals which will be measured over a threeyear period at the end of fiscal year 2017 to determine the number of earned units eligible for vesting. Earned units vest on the third anniversary of the grant date, subject to award holders satisfying the service requirements. 351,066units, or 400%, of performance-based awards granted in fiscal year 2015 are eligible for vesting. The total number of performance-based units to be earned by the participants will be based on the achievement against the Company performance targets. The vesting of the units is subject to award holders satisfying the service  awards granted in fiscal year 2014 include provisions similar to fiscal 2016 awards that allow participants to earn threshold, target and maximum awards ranging from 0%of the award for performance below the minimum threshold, 100%of the award for performance at target, and up to a maximum of 200%of the award if the Company achieves the maximum performance goals. Performance below the minimum threshold results in award forfeitures. The measurement of achievement against the performance goals for performance-based units granted in fiscal year 2014 occurred 93Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continuedat the end of fiscal year 2014 to determine the number of earned units eligible for subsequent vesting. One-half of the earned units vests at the second anniversary of the grant date and one-half of the earned units vests at the third anniversary of the grant date, subject to the award holders meeting service requirements.The Company significantly exceeded the fiscal year 2014 financial goals associated with the performance-based awards granted in fiscal year 2014. In accordance with the award terms, a total of 1,297,546units, or 1547%, were eligible for subsequent vesting, subject to award holders satisfying the service requirements, which resulted in an increase of 458,796units over the target grant amount of 838,750units. Units granted to the employees of the Granville-Phillips business were forfeited upon completion of the sale1995 Employee Stock Purchase PlanOn February22, 1996, the stockholders approved the 1995 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, the 1995 Plan, which enables eligible employees to purchase shares of the Companys common stock. Under the 1995 Plan, eligible employees may purchase up to an aggregate of 3,000,000shares during six-month offering periods commencing on February1 and August1 of each year at a share price of 85%of the lower of the Companys closing stock price on the first or last day of each six-month offering period. On February8, 2012, the stockholders approved an amendment to the 1995 Plan to increase the number of shares of the Companys common stock available for issuance by 1,000,000shares, from 3,000,000to 4,000,000shares. Participating employees may elect to have up to 10%of their base pay withheld and applied toward the purchase of such shares. The rights of participating employees under the 1995 Plan terminate upon voluntary withdrawal from the plan at any time or upon termination of employment. As of September30, 2016, 3,787,072shares of common stock have been purchased under the 1995 Plan and 212,928shares remain available for purchase. During fiscal years 2016 and 2015, the Company issued 235,727and 200,700shares, respectively, under the employee stock purchase plan for $19 millionand $18 million. 17.Restructuring and Other Charges Fiscal Year 2016 ActivitiesThe Company recorded restructuring charges of $120 millionduring fiscal year 2016 related to severance costs which consisted primarily of $108 millionof charges related to restructuring actions initiated during fiscal year 2016 and $13 millionof charges related to restructuring actions initiated in prior periods.Restructuring Actions Initiated During Fiscal Year 2016The Companys restructuring actions initiated during fiscal year 2016 resulted in total charges of $108 million, which included $31 millionof costs attributable to the Brooks Life Science Systems segment, $18 millionof costs attributable to the Brooks Semiconductor Solutions Group segment and $58 millionof costs related to the company-wide restructuring action that benefited all segments. Restructuring initiatives within the Brooks Life Science Systems segment are primarily related to streamlining the segment management structure, integrating acquisitions and improving profitability. During fiscal year 2016, the Company initiated several actions within the Brooks Life Science Systems segment related to integrating BioStorage, streamlining management structure and closing the segments Spokane, Washington facility in March 2016 and Oberdiessbach, Switzerland facility in July 2016 upon selling the building and temporarily leasing a smaller size office space until December 2016. This restructuring initiative within the Brooks Life Science Systems segment may include additional actions in future periods subject to discretion and approval by the Company management. Total severance costs incurred in connection with these actions are $31 millionwhich were recognized entirely during fiscal year 2016. Accrued restructuring costs of $05 millionat September 30, 2016 from these actions are expected to be paid within the next twelve months with cash flows generated from operating activities.During fiscal year 2016, the Company initiated a restructuring action to streamline its business operations as part of a company-wide initiative to improve profitability and competitiveness which is expected to benefit all segments. Total severance costs incurred in connection with this action were $58 millionwhich were recognized entirely during fiscal year 2016. Severance costs were attributable to the elimination of positions across the Company, including certain senior management positions. This restructuring action was substantially completed by September 30, 2016 and is not expected to result in any additional restructuring charges in future periods. Accrued restructuring costs of $34 millionat September 30, 2016 from these actions are expected to be paid within the next twelve months with cash flows generated from operating activities.During fiscal year 2016, the Company initiated a restructuring action within the Brooks Semiconductor Solutions Group segment to consolidate its Jena, Germany repair facility into its Chelmsford, Massachusetts repair operation as a part of its strategy to reduce our global footprint and streamline the cost structure. The restructuring plan includes the elimination of 4494Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continuedpositions for employees within the service and administrative functions that are covered by a collective bargaining agreement with a German labor union which imposed a legal restriction on the Company ability to complete the restructuring plan. During fiscal year 2016, the Company entered into the negotiations with the Workers Council concerning the amount of involuntary termination benefits payable to employees impacted by this restructuring action, timing of these payments and the related terms of this arrangement. As of September 30, 2016, the Company reached an agreement with the Workers Council regarding the terms of this action and has communicated termination benefit amounts to the majority of employees that will be impacted by the restructuring action along with their expected termination dates. Total severance costs expected to be incurred in connection with this action are $18 millionwhich were recognized during fiscal year 2016. The restructuring action is expected to be completed by March 31, 2017. Accrued restructuring costs of $18 millionat September 30, 2016 from this action are expected to be paid within the next twelve months with cash flows generated from operating activities.Restructuring Actions Initiated Prior to Fiscal Year 2016The Company restructuring actions initiated in prior periods resulted in $12 millionof costs attributable to the Brooks Semiconductor Solutions segment and less than $01 millionof costs attributable to the Brooks Life Science Systems segment. These restructuring actions were primarily related to the integration of Contact, as well as the closure and transfer of the Mistelgau, Germany manufacturing operations to a contract manufacturer. Accrued restructuring costs of $02 millionat September 30, 2016 from these actions are expected to be paid within the next twelve months with cash flows generated from operating activities.Fiscal Year 2015 ActivitiesThe Company recorded restructuring charges of $47 millionin fiscal year 2015, which included severance costs of $34 millionand facility-related costs of $13 million. Severance costs of $34 millionconsisted of $22 millionof charges attributable to the Brooks Semiconductor Solutions segment and $13 millionof costs attributable to the Brooks Life Science Systems segment. Restructuring actions within the Brooks Semiconductor Solutions Group segment were related to the integration of Dynamic Micro Systems Semiconductor Equipment GmbH the DMS with the Company operations and the transition of manufacturing of certain products from the Company facility in Mistelgau, Germany to a third party contract manufacturer. Restructuring actions within the Brooks Life Science Systems segment were related to the closure of the Poway, California facility and transition of product sub-assembly manufacturing operations to the third party contract manufacturers. These restructuring plans were substantially completed on December 31, 2015.Facility exit costs of $13 millionwere attributable to Brooks Semiconductor Solutions Group segment were related to the outsourcing of manufacturing certain of the Companys line of Polycold cryochillers and compressors within the United States to a third party contract manufacturer. The facility exit costs represented future lease payments and expected operating costs to be paid until the termination of the facility lease. The Company terminated the lease on October 27, 2015 and fully paid the related restructuring liability during the first quarter of fiscal year 2016.Fiscal Year 2014 ActivitiesThe Company recorded restructuring charges of $63 millionin fiscal year 2014. These charges were related primarily to the Company decision to discontinue certain product lines in the Brooks Life Science Systems and Brooks Product Solutions segments, the on-going transition of manufacturing cryochillers and compressors within the Company Polycold product line to a third party contract manufacturer and other global programs designed to improve the Companys cost structure. Restructuring charges of $63 millionrecorded in fiscal year 2014 consisted of $57 millionof severance costs and $06 millionof facility-related costs. Severance costs of $57 millionincluded charges related to the outsourcing of the Polycold manufacturing operation and workforce-related charges resulting from reductions of approximately 70positions. Severance charges incurred during fiscal year 2014 by the Brooks Product Solutions segment, the Brooks Global Services segment and the Brooks Life Science Systems segment amounted to $24 million, $04 millionand $16 million, respectively. In addition to these severance charges, the Brooks Life Science Systems segment recorded a charge of $13 millionrelated to the reduction of positions within the corporate and sales functions. Total severance charges related to the outsourcing of the Polycold manufacturing operation were $12 millionand consisted of severance and retention fees. The charge for this program was recorded ratably over the period from notification of the closing in October 2012 to the actual service end date in September 2014. Facility-related costs of $06 millionconsisted of lease payments and fixed asset write-offs associated with the Company efforts to reduce the space used in its operations95Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - ContinuedIn addition to the workforce and facility-related charges described above, the Company recorded $03 millionof inventory write-offs associated with discontinuing certain product lines. Inventory write-offs are included in cost of revenue in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations.The following is a summary of activity related to the Companys restructuring and other charges, excluding amounts related to the discontinued operations, for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 in thousands: Fiscal Year 2016 ActivityBalanceSeptember  30,2016Facility and other contract termination  termination  Year 2015 ActivityBalanceSeptember  30,2015Facility and other contract termination  termination  Year 2014 ActivityBalanceSeptember  30,2014Facility and other contract termination  termination  restructuring costs of $59 millionas of September 30, 2016 are expected to be paid during fiscal year 2017. 96Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued18. Earnings per Share The calculations of basic and diluted net loss income per share and basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding are as follows for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 in thousands, except per share data:YearEnded  income from continuing  from discontinued operations, net of tax30,002Net loss income 69,47614,22131,522Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests161Net loss income attributable to Brooks Automation,  average common shares outstanding used in computing basic earnings per  common stock options and restricted stock units1,138996Weighted average common shares outstanding used in computing diluted earnings per share68,50768,54967,644Basic net loss income per share attributable to Brooks Automation, Inc. common stockholders:Loss income from continuing  from discontinued operations, net of tax045Basic net loss income per share attributable to Brooks Automation, Inc.$101$021$047Diluted net loss income per share attributable to Brooks Automation, Inc. common stockholders:Loss income from continuing  from discontinued operations, net of tax044Diluted net loss income per share attributable to Brooks Automation, Inc. common  stock units of 859,000during fiscal year 2016 were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share as a result of a net loss incurred during the period. Approximately 120,000shares of unvested restricted stock units were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015 as their effect would be anti-dilutive based on the treasury stock method. Options to purchase approximately 11,000shares of common stock were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share attributable to Brooks Automation, Inc. common stockholders for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2014 as their effect would be anti-dilutive based on the treasury stock method. There were noanti-dilutive restricted stock awards for the fiscal year ended September 2014. There were nooptions outstanding as of September 30, 2016 and 2015.On November9, 2016, the Company compensation committee and Board of Directors authorized and approved the annual grant of approximately 952,200restricted stock units with a grant date of November9, 201619.Significant CustomersThe Company had onecustomer that accounted for more than 10%of its consolidated revenue, at 12%, and 11%, respectively, in the fiscal years ended September30, 2015 and 2014. No customers accounted for more than 10%of the Company consolidated revenue for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016. At September 30, 2016, onecustomer receivable balance represented approximately 11%of the Company total receivables. At September 30, 2015, the Company did not have any customers that accounted for more than 10%of its accounts receivable balanceFor purposes of determining the percentage of revenue generated from any of the Company original equipment manufacturer the OEM customers, the Company does not include revenue from products sold to contract manufacturer customers who in turn sell to the OEM. If the Company included revenue from products sold to contract manufacturer 97Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continuedcustomers supporting the Company OEM customers, the percentage of the Company total revenue derived from certain OEM customers would be higher. 20.Segment and Geographic Information Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise that engage in business activities for which discrete financial information is available and regularly reviewed by the chief operating decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources and to assess performance. The Company Chief Executive Officer is the Company chief operating decision maker. Prior to fiscal year 2016, the Company had threeoperating and reportable segments that consisted of Brooks Product Solutions, Brooks Global Services and Brooks Life Science Systems. During fiscal year 2016, the Company reorganized its previous reporting structure into twooperating and reportable segments consisting of: i Brooks Semiconductor Solutions Group; and ii Brooks Life Science Systems. Subsequently, the Company reported its financial results during years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 based on the revised reporting structure. The change in segments was a result of restructuring actions initiated during fiscal year 2016 to streamline business operations to improve profitability and competitiveness and reflects a change in the manner in which the chief operating decision maker reviews information to assess performance and make decisions about resource allocation. As part of these actions, the Company transitioned to a new internal management structure whereby the operating management responsible for Brooks Product Solutions and Brooks Global Services operating segments was brought under common leadership in the newly formed Brooks Semiconductor Solutions Group segment. The restructuring actions were completed in the third quarter of fiscal year 2016 which marked the transition to a new internal management structure during that period. The Company prior period reportable segment information has been reclassified to reflect the current segment structure and to conform to the current period presentation. The accounting policies of the operating segments remained unchanged as a result of the realignment. The Brooks Semiconductor Solutions Group segment provides a variety of products, services and solutions that enable improved throughput and yield in controlled operating environments, as well as an extensive range of support services. The solutions include atmospheric and vacuum robots, tool automation systems that provide precision handling and clean wafer environments, contamination control of wafer carrier front opening unified pods, or FOUPs, as well as cryogenic pumps and compressors that provide vacuum pumping and thermal management solutions used to create and control critical process vacuum applications. The support services include repair services, diagnostic support services, and installation services in support of the products, which enable our customers to maximize process tool uptime and productivity. This segment also provides end-user customers with spare parts and productivity enhancement upgrades to maximize tool productivity.The Brooks Life Science Systems segment provides automated cold sample management systems for compound and biological sample storage, equipment for sample preparation and handling, consumables, and parts and support services to a wide range of life science customers including pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, biobanks and research institutes. During fiscal year 2016, the Company completed the acquisition of BioStorage, a global provider of comprehensive outsource biological sample service solutions, including collection, transportation, processing, storage, protection, retrieval and disposal of biological samples. These solutions combined with the Company existing offerings, particularly automation for sample storage and formatting, provide customers with fully integrated sample management cold chain solutions which will help them increase productivity, efficiencies and speed to market.The Company evaluates the performance and future opportunities of its segments and allocates resources to them based on their revenue, operating income loss and returns on invested assets. Operating income loss for each segment includes selling, general and administrative expenses directly attributable to the segment. Amortization of acquired intangible assets excluding completed technology, restructuring and other charges, pension settlement, in-process research and development, as well as other unallocated corporate expenses are excluded from the segments operating income loss. The Companys indirect overhead costs, which include various general and administrative expenses, are allocated among the segments based upon several cost drivers associated with the respective administrative function, including segment revenue, headcount, or benefits that each segment derives from a specific administrative function. Segment assets exclude cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, deferred tax assets, assets held for sale and equity method investments.The following is the summary of the financial information for the Companys operating and reportable segments, excluding amounts related to the discontinued operations, for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 in thousands: 98Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - ContinuedBrooks Semiconductor Solutions  year ended September 30,    operating income   year ended September 30,    operating income   year ended September 30,    operating income   following is a reconciliation of the Companys operating and reportable segments' operating income loss and segment assets to the corresponding amounts presented in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets and Consolidated Statements of Operations for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 in thousands:99Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - ContinuedAs of and for the Year  operating income  unallocated corporate  of acquired intangible  and other charges12,0394,7136,289Total operating income  assets$565,452$427,979Cash, cash equivalents and marketable  tax assets1,98289,007Assets held for sale2,900Equity method investments27,25024,286Other unallocated corporate net assets500Total assets$685,905$758,702Revenue from external customers is attributed to geographic areas based on locations in which customer orders are placed. Net revenue by geographic area for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 are as follows in thousands: Year Ended September30,201620152014North  / Pacific/   of  majority of our net revenue in North America is generated in the United States which amounted to $2083 million, $1974 millionand $1729 million, respectively, during fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014Property, plant and equipment by geographic area as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows in thousands: September30,20162015North America$49,505$36,402Asia /  plant and equipment located in the United States amounted to $493 millionand $363 million, respectively, at September 30, 2016 and 201521. Fair Value Measurements The fair value measurement guidance establishes a fair value hierarchy which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. The following levels of inputs may be used to measure fair value:Level 1 Inputs: Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date. Active markets are those in which transactions for the asset and liability occur in sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.Level 2 Inputs:Observable inputs other than prices included in Level 1, including quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities100Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - ContinuedLevel 3 Inputs:Unobservable inputs that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities and reflect an entity own assumptions in pricing assets or liabilities since they are supported by little or no market activity.The following tables summarize assets and liabilities measured and recorded at fair value on a recurring basis in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September30, 2016 and 2015 in thousands:Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date UsingDescriptionSeptember  AssetsLevel   3Assets:Cash  securities6,1356,135Foreign exchange contracts55Convertible debt securities5,7745,774Stock warrant4545Total   exchange contracts9797Total Liabilities$597$$97$500Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date UsingDescriptionSeptember  AssetsLevel   3Assets:Cash   exchange contracts8989Convertible debt securities5,3375,337Stock warrant5959Total   exchange contracts3636$847$$36$811The convertible debt securities and the stock warrant are included in Other assets in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and 2015. Please refer to Note 8, Equity Method and Other Investments for further information on the convertible debt securities and the stock warrant.Cash EquivalentsCash equivalents of $01 millionand $101 million, respectively, at September30, 2016and 2015 consist of Money Market Funds and are classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy because they are valued using quoted market prices in active markets. Cash equivalents of less than $01 millionand $15 million, respectively, at September 30, 2016 and 2015, consist primarily of Bank Certificate of Deposits and are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy because they are not actively traded.Available-For-Sale Securities101Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - ContinuedAvailable-for-sale securities of $61 millionand $1333 million, respectively, at September30, 2016 and 2015 consist of Municipal Securities, Bank Certificate of Deposits, Commercial Paper, Mortgage-Backed Securities, as well as U.S. Treasury Securities and Obligations of U.S. Government Agencies. The securities are valued using matrix pricing and benchmarking and classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy because they are not actively traded. Matrix pricing is a mathematical technique used to value securities by relying on the securities relationship to other benchmark quoted prices.Foreign Exchange ContractsForeign exchange contract assets and liabilities amounted to less than $01 millionand $01 million, respectively, at September30, 2016. Foreign exchange contract assets and liabilities amounted to $01 millionand less than $01 million, respectively, at September 30, 2015. Foreign exchange contract assets and liabilities are measured and reported at fair value based on observable market inputs and classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy due to a lack of an active market for these contracts. Convertible Debt SecuritiesConvertible debt securities of $58 millionand $53 million, respectively, at September 30, 2016 and 2015 are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy and measured at fair value based on the probability-weighted expected return method the PWERM utilizing various scenarios for the expected payout of the instrument covering the full range of the potential outcomes. The PWERM determines the value of an asset based upon an analysis of future values for the subject asset and full range of its potential values. The asset value is based upon the present value of the probability of each future outcome becoming available to the asset and the economic rights and preferences of each asset. The Company remeasures the fair value of the convertible debt securities at each reporting date and recognizes the corresponding fair value change related to the underlying inputs in the Other expense income, net in the Company Consolidated Statements of Operations.Stock WarrantsStock warrant of less than $01 millionand $01 million, respectively, at September 30, 2016 and 2015 is classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy and measured at fair value based on the Black-Scholes model. The Black-Scholes model applied to the warrant incorporates the constant price variation of the underlying asset, the time value of money, the warrants strike price and the time until the warrants expiration date. The fair value of the warrant was determined utilizing a fiveyear equity volatility percentage based on an average equity volatility derived from comparable public companies. The Company remeasures the fair value of the stock warrant at each reporting date and recognizes the corresponding fair value change related to the underlying inputs in the Other expense income, net in the Company Consolidated Statements of Operations.Contingent Consideration Contingent consideration liability of $05 millionand $08 million, respectively, at September 30, 2016 and 2015 is classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy and measured at fair value based on the probability-weighted average discounted cash flow model utilizing potential outcomes related to achievement of certain specified targets and events. The fair value measurement of the contingent consideration is based on probabilities assigned to each potential outcome and the discount rate. The Company remeasures the fair value of the contingent consideration at each reporting date and recognizes the corresponding fair value change related to the underlying inputs in the Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Company Consolidated Statements of Operations. Please refer to Note 4 Acquisitions for further information on the contingent consideration liability.The carrying amounts of accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate their fair value due to their short-term nature. The following table presents the reconciliation of the assets and liabilities measured and recorded at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs Level 3 in thousands:Convertible Debt SecuritiesStock WarrantsContingent ConsiderationTotalBalance at September 30, 2015$5,337$59$811$6,207Change in fair value43714311112Balance at September 30,  Fair Value MeasurementsThe Company holds certain assets that are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in periods subsequent to initial recognition102Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - ContinuedAs of September 30, 2015, the building and the underlying land located in Oberdiessbach, Switzerland were presented at fair value of $29 millionas Assets Held for Sale in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company determined fair value of the assets held for sale based on indication of value resulting from marketing the building and the land to prospective buyers. Fair value measurement was classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy since it was based on unobservable inputs. During fiscal year 2016, the Company sold the building and the underlying land to an unrelated third party for a total price of $28 millionand remeasured the fair value of the assets. The corresponding impact of this remeasurement on the Company results of operations for fiscal year 2016 was insignificant.Loan receivable of $02 millionand $10 million, respectively, at September 30, 2016 and 2015 is recorded at carrying value and included in Other assets in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The fair value of the loan is determined by considering the fair value of the collateral using valuation techniques, principally the discounted cash flow method and a relief from royalty approach, reduced by the amounts subordinated to the debt provided by the new lender. Fair value measurement is classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy since it is based primarily on unobservable inputs and requires significant management judgment. The observable inputs used in the Company analysis are limited primarily to the discount rate, which is based on a rate commensurate with the risks and uncertainties of the Borrower. As a result, the fair value of the loan could vary under different conditions or assumptions, including the varying assumptions regarding future cash flows of the Borrower or discount rates.During fiscal year 2016, the Company concluded that recent operating trends and declining future cash flow forecasts of the Borrower represented indicators of potential loan impairment. As a result, the Company updated the discounted cash flow valuation model based on revised lower forecasted future cash flow assumptions and determined, based on a relief from royalty and discounted cash flow approaches, that carrying value of the loan exceeded its estimated fair value by $08 million. Accordingly, the Company recorded an impairment charge of $08 millionin Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Company Consolidated Statements of Operations during fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 which resulted in the loan carrying value of $02 millionat September 30, 2016. Please refer to Note 9, Loan Receivable for further information on the loan. Loan receivable of $15 millionat September 30, 2016 and 2015 is recorded at carrying value and included in Other assets in the accompanying unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets. Please refer to Note 8, Equity Method and Other Investments for further information on the loan.Certain non-financial assets, including goodwill, finite-lived intangible assets and other long-lived assets, are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis in accordance with the income approach when there is an indication of impairment. Please refer to Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for further information on the valuation techniques used in developing these measurements22.Commitments and ContingenciesCapital Lease ObligationDuring fiscal year 2015, the Company was leasing the building and the related land on its Chelmsford, Massachusetts campus. The assets and the associated capital lease obligation were recorded on the Company Consolidated Balance Sheets. On September 30, 2015, the Company purchased the building and the related land for a total price of $84 millionand derecognized the associated capital lease obligation of $78 million. The difference of $06 millionbetween the purchase price of $84 millionand the capital lease obligation of $78 millionwas recorded as an adjustment to the acquisition cost of the building and land of $66 millionand $23 million, respectively, which were classified as Property, plant and equipment, net in the Company Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2015. Depreciation expense related to the building was computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the asset. Accumulated amortization related to the building was $02 millionat September 30, 2015.Operating Leases Commitments The Company leases manufacturing and office facilities and certain equipment under non-cancelable operating leases that expire throughout 2020. Rent expense under the operating leases, excluding costs recorded as a component of restructuring charges, was $49 million, $65 millionand $82 million, respectively, for the fiscal years ended September30, 2016, 2015 and 2014. The Company leases approximately 85,000square feet of space in Indianapolis, Indiana to accommodate its sample storage, sales and support functions. The initial lease term expires in July 2017 and may be extended at the Company option for twosuccessive terms of five yearseach subject to the terms and conditions of the lease. In addition to the Indianapolis facility, the Company leases approximately 45,000square feet of space in Fremont, California and Manchester, UK to accommodate its manufacturing, research and development, and sales and support functions. The initial term for the Fremont, California facility expires in August 2018 and may be extended at the Company option for five yearssubject to the terms and 103Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continuedconditions of the lease. The initial term for the Manchester, UK facility expires in December 2019 and may be extended at the Company option for five yearssubject to the terms and conditions of the lease.Future minimum lease commitments on non-cancelable operating leases and scheduled sublease payments as of September 30, 2016 are as follows in thousands: Year Ended September30,Gross PaymentsScheduled Sublease PaymentsNet  Company utilizes a third party to manage its manufacturing operations in Mexico. As a part of this arrangement, the Company makes and guarantees the monthly payments for a lease of its Mexico facility which expires in December 2018. The remaining payments under the lease were approximately $09 millionat September 30, 2016.Letters of Credit At September30, 2016 and 2015, the Company had $20 millionand $35 million, respectively, of letters of credit outstanding related primarily to customer advances and other performance obligations. These arrangements guarantee the refund of advance payments received from our customers in the event that the product is not delivered or warranty obligations are not fulfilled in accordance with the contract terms. These obligations could be called by the beneficiaries at any time before the expiration date of the particular letter of credit if the Company fails to meet certain contractual requirements. None of these obligations were called during fiscal years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the Company currently does not anticipate any of these obligations to be called in the near future.Purchase Commitments The Company has non-cancelable contracts and purchase orders for inventory of $1014 millionat September30, 2016. Contingencies During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016, the Company discovered that it inadvertently failed to register on Form S-8 with the Securities and Exchange Commission certain shares of common stock previously authorized for issuance by the Companys Board of Directors and stockholders under the Companys 1995 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended the ESPP. As a result, certain purchasers of common stock under the ESPP may have the right to rescind their purchases for an amount equal to the purchase price paid for the shares, plus interest from the date of purchase, limited to the shares purchased in the last twelve months, which is the applicable federal statute of limitations, and still held by the original purchasers. These shares have been treated as issued and outstanding for financial reporting purposes. As of September 30, 2016, there were approximately 115,793shares of common stock issued under the ESPP during fiscal year 2016 and held by the original purchasers of such shares which may be subject to these rescission rights. Of these, approximately 53,800shares were originally purchased for $800per share and the remaining 61,993shares were originally purchased for $802per share.If holders of all of these shares seek to rescind their purchases, the Company could be required to make aggregate payments of up to approximately $950,000, which includes estimated statutory interest. The Company may also be subject to civil and other penalties by regulatory authorities as a result of the potential failure to register these shares. The Company does not believe that the failure to register the shares on a Form S-8 or a potential rescission offer, if any, will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.The Company is subject to various legal proceedings, both asserted and unasserted, that arise in the ordinary course of business. The Company cannot predict the ultimate outcome of such legal proceedings or in certain instances provide reasonable ranges of potential losses. However, as of the date of this report, the Company believes that none of these claims will have a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial position or results of operations. In the event of unexpected subsequent developments and given the inherent unpredictability of these legal proceedings, there can be no assurance that the Company assessment of any claim will reflect the ultimate outcome, and an adverse outcome in certain matters could, from time to time, have a material adverse effect on the Company consolidated financial position or results of operations in particular quarterly or annual periods104Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued23.Subsequent Events On November9, 2016, the Companys Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $010per share payable on December 23, 2016to common stockholders of record as of December 2, 2016. Dividends are declared at the discretion of the Companys Board of Directors and depend on the Company actual cash flow from operations, its financial condition and capital requirements, as well as any other factors the Companys Board of Directors may consider relevant. Future dividend declarations, as well as the record and payment dates for such dividends, will be determined by the Companys Board of Directors on a quarterly basis.On November 28, 2016, the Company acquired 100%of the equity of Cool Lab, LLC Cool Lab from BioCision, LLC BioCision. Cool Lab, a newly established subsidiary of BioCision, contains certain assets and liabilities related to cell cryopreservation products and solutions. These offerings address and assist in managing the temperature variability of therapeutics, biological samples, and related biomaterials. The Company has held equity ownership interest in BioCision since March of 2014, and convertible debt securities with warrants acquired in December of 2014 and February of 2015. Please refer to Note 8, Equity Method and Other Investments for further details.The Company purchased Cool Lab in exchange for approximately $5 millionin net cash subject to customary working capital adjustments along with non-cash consideration, which included the redemption and repurchase of the original equity ownership interest in BioCision, the cancellation of both the convertible debt securities with warrants and previously issued term notes with the related interest receivable. The aforementioned non-cash consideration had a total carrying value of $91 millionas of September 30, 2016. As a result of the limited time since the acquisition date, the accounting along with the preliminary purchase price allocation, the fair value of the non cash consideration and the related effects on the Companys financial statements is incomplete. The Company will include such information in its quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended December 31, 2016105Table of ContentsItem 1B.Unresolved Staff Comments19Item 2.Properties19Item 3.Legal Proceedings19Item! 4.Mine Safety Disclosures20PARTIIItem 5.Controls and ProceduresEvaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rule13a-15e promulgated under the Exchange Act. Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported on a timely basis and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based upon this evaluation, our chief executive officer and our chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2016, the end of the period covered by this annual report. Managements Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rules13a-15f and 15d-15f under the Exchange Act, as a process designed by, or under the supervision of our chief executive and chief financial officers and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and disposition of our assets; provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorization of our management and directors;and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, we conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September30, 2016. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth in Internal Control - Integrated Framework2013 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations COSO of the Treadway Commission. Based on ourassessment, our management concluded that, as of September 30, 2016, our internal control over financial reporting was effective.We excluded BioStorage Technologies, Inc. from our assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016 because it was acquired by the Company in a purchase business combination during 2016. The total assets and total revenues of BioStorage Technologies, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary, represent 74% and 80%, respectively, of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended September 30, 2016.The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein.Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There were no changes in internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal fourth quarter ended September30, 2016, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item9B. Other InformationNone. PART III106Table of Contents