ITEM 8 -- FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
1999 Independent Auditors' Report
1998 Report of Independent Public Accountants
The financial statements listed in this Item 8 are set forth herein beginning on
page F1   Consolidated Balance Sheets -- At December 31, 1999 and 1998
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31,
1999, 1998 and 1997
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the Years Ended
December 31, 1999, 1998 and 1997
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31,
1999, 1998 and 1997
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Item 1 -- Description of   1
Item 2 --   10
Item 3 -- Legal   11
Item 4 -- Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security
12
PART II
Item 5 -- Market for the Company Common Equity and Related
Stockholder   13
Item 6 -- DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF REGISTRANT
The Board of Directors, in general, delegates the daily management of the
Company business to the Company executive officers. The following table sets
forth information with respect to the executive officers and directors of the
Company.                     YEAR INITIALLY ELECTED
NAME               AGE    OR APPOINTED    POSITION
-                                                 
OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS:
Dennis J Tietz.  47       1998      Chairman of the Board of Directors and
Chief Executive Officer
Peter J Younger.  43       1997      Director, Executive Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer
Maurice Taylor.  39       1998      Outside Director
Charles Tharp.  49       1999      Outside Director
Stephen N Walker.  45       1999      Outside Director
Robert M Melzer.  59       2000      Outside Director
John M Foy.  54       1999      Senior Vice President
Nico Sciacovelli.  50       1999      Senior Vice President
John C Kirby.  46       1999      Senior Vice President   DENNIS J TIETZ. Mr. Tietz, age 47, was appointed Chief Executive Officer
of the Company on December 11, 1998, and Chairman of the Board of Directors on
March 30, 1999, to fill the vacancies created by the resignation of Rudolph J
Weissenberger as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board. Mr. Tietz
will serve as a director until the annual meeting in 2001 and his successor is
elected. From 1986 until his election as Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
Mr. Tietz was responsible for the organization and marketing of investment
programs managed by Cronos Capital Corp. CCC, formerly called Intermodal
Equipment Associates, a subsidiary of the Company. From 1981 to 1986, Mr. Tietz
supervised container lease operations in both the United States and Europe.
Prior to joining CCC in 1981, Mr. Tietz was employed by Trans Ocean Leasing
Corporation, San Francisco, California, a container leasing company, as regional
manager based in Houston, with responsibility for leasing and operational
activities in the US Gulf. Mr. Tietz holds a B.S. degree in Business
Administration from San Jose State University. Mr. Tietz is a licensed principal
with the National Association of Securities Dealers NASD.
PETER J YOUNGER. Mr. Younger, age 43, was elected to the Board of
Directors of the Company on January 13, 2000. Mr. Younger will serve as a
director until the annual meeting in 2001 and his successor is elected. Mr.
Younger was appointed as Executive Vice President of the Company in April 1999
and its Chief Financial Officer in March 1997. From 1991 to 1997, Mr. Younger
served as Vice President of Finance for Cronos Containers Ltd., located in the
UK. From 1987 to 1991 Mr. Younger served as Vice President and Controller for
CCC in San Francisco. Prior to 1987, Mr. Younger was a certified public
accountant and a principal with the accounting firm of Johnson, Glaze and Co. in
Salem, Oregon. Mr. Younger holds a B.S. degree in Business Administration from
Western Baptist College, Salem, Oregon.
MAURICE TAYLOR. Mr. Taylor, age 39, was appointed to the Board of
Directors of the Company as an outside director on July 9, 1998. Mr. Taylor will
serve as a director until the annual meeting for the year 2000 and his successor
is elected. Mr. Taylor, based in Geneva, Switzerland, is and has been an
independent consultant in international trade finance for the last five years.
He serves on the boards of numerous privately-held trading companies in Europe.
Mr. Taylor holds a B.A. degree in Mathematical Economics from Brown University.
CHARLES THARP. Mr. Tharp, age 49, was appointed to the Board of Directors
of the Company as an outside director on March 31, 1999, to fill the vacancy
created by the resignation of Dr. Axel Friedberg. Mr. Tharp will serve as a
director until the annual meeting for the year 2000 and his successor is
elected. Mr. Tharp is based in Washington D.C. and has for the last four years
acted as a consultant to pension funds and foundations on international
investment policy, fiduciary issues, and financial management. Mr. Tharp is a
24
28
director of The Info/Change Foundation, Washington D.C. He held several
positions, including Executive Director the Chief Executive Officer of the
Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, a federal agency, from 1982 to 1985. Mr.
Tharp has served on the boards of insurance companies, pension funds, and real
estate holding companies in California, Ohio, and Bermuda. Mr. Tharp holds a
B.A. degree in History from Yale University and an M.A. in Jurisprudence from
Oxford University, England.
STEPHEN NICHOLAS WALKER. Mr. Walker, age 45, was appointed to the Board of
Directors of the Company as an outside director on October 5, 1999, to fill the
vacancy created by the resignation of Ernst-Otto Nedelmann, and was elected to
the Board by the shareholders at the January 13, 2000 meeting. Mr. Walker will
serve as a director until the annual meeting in 2002 and his successor is
elected. Since 1995, Mr. Walker has served as Senior Vice President of
Investments of Paine Webber Inc. From 1982 until he joined PaineWebber, he
served as Senior Vice President of Investments of Prudential Securities Inc. Mr.
Walker holds an M.A. degree in Jurisprudence from Oxford University, England.
ROBERT M MELZER. Mr. Melzer, age 59, was elected to the Board of Directors
of the Company as an outside director on January 13, 2000, and will serve as a
director until the annual meeting in 2002 and his successor is elected. Mr.
Melzer served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Property Capital
Trust, Inc., a publicly-traded real estate investment trust REIT, from 1992
until May 1999 when the company completed its plan to dispose of its investments
and distributed the proceeds to its shareholders. Since May 1999, Mr. Melzer has
devoted his business activities to consulting and to serving as a director or
trustee of various business and charitable organizations. Mr. Melzer serves as a
director of Genesee & Wyoming, Inc., a short-line railroad holding company; a
director of Beacon Capital Partners, Inc., a REIT; a trustee of MGI Properties,
a REIT; and chair of the board of trustees of Beth Israel Deaconess Medical
Center. Mr. Melzer holds a B.A. degree in Economics from Cornell University and
an M.B.A. from the Harvard Business School. The Board proposed Mr. Melzer as a
candidate for director in its preliminary proxy statement filed with the SEC on
August 24, 1999, and, on October 21, 1999, appointed Mr. Melzer as a non-voting
member of the Board Transaction Committee, which was organized to assess the
proposal made by Interpool, Inc. to acquire the Company and to consider
alternative means of enhancing shareholder value. See Description of
Business -- Recent Developments above.
JOHN M FOY. Mr. Foy, 54, was appointed Senior Vice President Americas, on
April 1, 1999. Mr. Foy is responsible for lease marketing and operations in
North and South America, Asia and Australia, and is based in San Francisco. Mr.
Foy was appointed Vice President, Americas in 1993. From 1985 to 1993, Mr. Foy
was Vice President/Pacific with responsibility for dry cargo container lease
marketing and operations in the Pacific Basin. From 1977 to 1985, Mr. Foy was
Vice President of Marketing for Nautilus Leasing Services in San Francisco with
responsibility for worldwide leasing activities. From 1974 to 1977, Mr. Foy was
Regional Manager for Flexi-Van Leasing, a container lessor, in the Western
United States. Mr. Foy holds a B.A. degree in Political Science from University
of the Pacific, and a Bachelor of Foreign Trade from Thunderbird Graduate School
of International Management.
NICO SCIACOVELLI. Mr. Sciacovelli, 50, was appointed Senior Vice President
Europe, Middle East and Africa on April 1, 1999. Mr. Sciacovelli is responsible
for lease marketing and operations in those areas. He is based in Genoa, Italy.
In 1997, Mr. Sciacovelli was appointed as Vice President/Europe with
responsibility for leasing operations in the European area. From 1983 to 1997,
Mr. Sciacovelli was Director of Marketing for Southern Europe, the Middle East
and Africa. Prior to 1983, Mr. Sciacovelli was employed by Interpool, Inc., a
container lessor, as Marketing Manager with responsibility for container leasing
in Italy.
JOHN C KIRBY. Mr. Kirby, 46, was appointed Senior Vice President for
Operations on April 1, 1999. Mr. Kirby is responsible for container purchasing,
contract and billing administration, container repairs and leasing-related
systems and is based in the United Kingdom. Mr. Kirby previously served as Vice
President of Operations from 1992. From 1986 to 1992, Mr. Kirby was Director of
European Operations, a position he had held with IEA. Prior to joining IEA as
European Technical Manager in 1985, Mr. Kirby was employed by CLOU Containers, a
leasing company, as Technical Manager based in Hamburg, Germany. Mr. Kirby holds
a Professional Engineering Qualification from the Mid-Essex Technical College in
England.
25
29
SECTION 16a BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE
The Company directors and executive officers must file reports with the
SEC indicating the number of shares of the Company Common Stock they
beneficially own and any changes in their beneficial ownership. Copies of these
reports must be provided to the Company. Based solely on written representations
from the Company directors and executive officers and a review of the copies
of beneficial ownership reports furnished to the Company, the Company believes
that all of the directors, executive officers and 10% shareholders of the
Company complied with such reporting requirements during the 1999 fiscal year,
except Messrs. Melzer and Walker, and Hans-Ulrich Ming, individually and as
Trustee of the Trust for the benefit of Stefan M Palatin, each of whom
inadvertently failed to timely file an initial statement on Form 3.
COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Board has established Audit, Compensation, Special Litigation, and
Transaction Committees.
The Audit Committee consists of Directors Melzer, as its chair, Taylor and
Walker. The Audit Committee has general oversight responsibility with respect to
the Company financial reporting, reviews the results and scope of the audit
and other services provided by the Company independent auditors, and is
responsible for recommending to the Board the appointment of the Company
independent auditors.
The Compensation Committee is comprised of Directors Tharp, as its chair,
Walker and Taylor. The Compensation Committee is responsible for establishing
and supervising the compensation and benefit plans for the officers and key
employees of the Company.
The Special Litigation Committee is comprised of Directors Taylor, as its
chair, Walker and Melzer. This Committee has been established to review
transactions between the Company and present and former management to determine
if management engaged in any misfeasance or improper self dealing. The Committee
is also responsible for supervising the Company efforts to recover the
indebtedness owed to the Company by its former Chairman, Mr. Palatin.
The Transaction Committee consists of Directors Walker, as its chair,
Melzer, Taylor and Tharp. It was organized on October 8, 1999, to supervise the
efforts of the Board, working in conjunction with counsel and the Company
financial advisors, First Union, to pursue strategic alternatives to enhance
shareholder value, and to oversee discussions between Cronos and interested
parties.
26
30
