ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
The financial statements of NetLojix and supplementary data are
included beginning                    35 immediately following the signature page to this report.
Item 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS
Not applicable.
PART II
Item 5. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
DIRECTORS
There are five members of our Board of Directors, each of whom is
standing for re-election at the 2000 annual meeting of stockholders.
Information with respect to the directors is set forth below     ANTHONY E. PAPA, age 37, has been the Chairman of the Board and
Chief Executive Officer of NetLojix since October 1996. Mr. Papa was also
President of NetLojix from October 1996 until February 1998. Prior to October
1996, Mr. Papa had served as President of ICS Communications, Inc.,
Richardson, Texas, a national provider of cable television, wireless paging,
local and long-distance telephone services from December 1992. Before joining
ICS Communications, Mr. Papa served as general manager for Spectradyne, Inc.,
the largest provider of pay-per-view entertainment and interactive services
to the hospitality industry. Mr. Papa is a director of ABC-Clio, Inc., an
international publisher of historical reference materials for institutions of
higher education. Mr. Papa received a B.S. in Management from Iona College,
in New Rochelle, New York.
JAMES P. PISANI, age 35, has been the President of NetLojix since
February 1998, and has served as Chief Operating Officer and Secretary of
NetLojix since October 1996. Mr. Pisani has also served as Chief Accounting
Officer of NetLojix since October 1998. From October 1996 to May 1999, Mr.
Pisani was the Chief Financial Offer of NetLojix. From October 1996 to
February 1998, Mr. Pisani was the Executive Vice President of NetLojix. Prior
to October 1996, he served as Vice President of Sales and National Accounts
for ICS Communications. While at ICS, Mr. Pisani was responsible for that
firm business-to-business and consumer sales activities. Prior to joining
ICS Communications, from June 1989 to June 1994, Mr. Pisani served as Vice
President of a national mortgage banking firm serving, primarily,
institutional accounts. Mr. Pisani graduated from Princeton University in
1986, with a degree in Economics.
JOHN E. ALLEN, age 63, has been a director of NetLojix since
December 1997. He is Vice Chairman of the Boards of Amli Residential
Properties Trust NYSE: AML and Amli Commercial Properties Trust, and
President of Amli Realty Co., a commercial real estate firm, which he
co-founded in 1980. Since August, 1999, he has been Executive Vice President,
Secretary and General Counsel of United CreditServ, Inc., a financial
services company. United                    36 CreditServ, Inc. is a subsidiary of UICI, a publicly-traded insurance and
financial services company NYSE: UCI. Prior to co-founding Amli Realty Co.,
he was a partner at the Chicago law firm of Mayer, Brown & Platt, with which
he had been associated since 1964. Mr. Allen is also a member of the Board of
Directors of Excell Global Services, an owner and operator of telephone call
centers, United CreditServ, Inc. and its subsidiary, United Credit National
Bank. Mr. Allen received a B.S. in Business from Indiana University and a
J.D. from Indiana University School of Law.
JEFFREY J. JENSEN, age 41, has been a director of NetLojix since
January 1998. He has been the President of Specialized Association Services,
Ltd., which provides marketing and administrative services to trade
associations, for more than five years. Between 1996 and July 1998,
Specialized Association Services was known as CORE Marketing, Inc. and
provided direct mail and telemarketing facilities in addition to its other
activities. Mr. Jensen has also been the President of United Group Service
Centers, Inc., an employee leasing company, since January 1, 2000, and prior
to that was its Vice President for more than five years. In addition, from
1992 to 1995, Mr. Jensen was a founding partner of Association Dental Plan,
which provided discounted dental services to 40,000 members. Mr. Jensen is a
Trustee of Amli Commercial Properties Trust. He also holds equity interests
in several Internet and technology companies. Mr. Jensen received B.A.
degrees in Economics and Philosophy from Cornell College`, in Mount Vernon,
Iowa and holds an M.S. in Information Systems from the University of Texas at
Arlington.
ANTHONY D. MARTIN, age 50, has been a director of NetLojix since
April 1999. Mr. Martin is Managing Director of CrossHill Financial Group
Inc., a position he has held since March 1998. From January 1997 through July
1997, he served as President and CEO of Nexus Communications, Inc., a
start-up company providing information services. From January 1994 to
December 1996, he served as Vice President, Business Development of MCI
Metro, MCI Telecommunications, Inc. local service initiative. Prior to
that, he held several senior management positions at MCI, including Vice
President, Access Services Project Management; Vice President, Systems
Engineering and Support Operations; Vice President, Carrier Marketing and
Alliances; Vice President, Finance Administration; and Vice President,
Technical Planning. He received a B.S. from the United States Naval Academy
and an M.B.A. from the University of Detroit.
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
Set forth below is information with respect to each executive
officer of NetLojix, other than Messrs. Papa and Pisani. Information with
respect to Messrs. Papa and Pisani is set forth above under Directors.
MICHAEL J. USSERY, age 41, has been Chief Financial Officer of
NetLojix since May 3, 1999. From July 1998 until May 1999, he served as a
lecturer and consultant to several accounting firms and corporations on
issues of Securities and Exchange Commission compliance and accounting
interpretations. Mr. Ussery served as Controller of Triton Energy, Ltd. in
Dallas, Texas from October 1993 to July 1998. Prior to that, Mr. Ussery was a
senior audit manager for                    37 PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. Mr. Ussery graduated from Stephen F. Austin State
University in 1981, with a B.B.A. in Accounting and Finance.
FRANK A. LEONE, age 53, was appointed Executive Vice President of
Field Sales and Service of NetLojix effective January 1, 2000. He joined
NetLojix as President of its Business Market Group in November 1998. From
November 1996 to July 1998, Mr. Leone was Executive Vice President of Sales
for First Image Management Company, a division of First Data Corporation.
From November 1994 to November 1996, Mr. Leone was President of FAL
Consultants, in which capacity he provided strategy and marketing consulting
to corporations. Prior to that time, Mr. Leone held an executive management
position with Recycled Paper Greetings, the fourth largest greeting card
manufacturer in the United States, and executive management positions with
Baxter Healthcare Corporation and Xerox Corporation. Mr. Leone graduated from
Gannon University, Erie, Pennsylvania, with a B.S. in Business Administration.
JOE RENTERIA, JR., age 53, was appointed Vice President, Information
Systems of NetLojix in February 1999. Prior to that time, he had been
employed for more than five years by Matrix Telecom, Inc. During his tenure
with Matrix Telecom, Mr. Renteria has served as Manager of Data Processing,
Director of Information Services and was promoted to Vice President of
Information Services in May of 1997. Prior to joining Matrix Telecom, Mr.
Renteria held various information technology management positions, primarily
in the manufacturing sector.
There are no family relationships between any directors or executive
officers of NetLojix.
SECTION 16a BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE
Section 16a of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires
NetLojix officers and directors, and persons who own more than ten percent
of a registered class of NetLojix equity securities to file reports of
ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Officers, directors and
greater than ten-percent shareholders are required by SEC regulation to
furnish NetLojix with copies of all Section 16a forms they file.
During the year ended December 31, 1999, Mr. Renteria failed to file
a Form 3 on a timely basis after becoming an executive officer of NetLojix.
This form, which reported only Mr. Renteria initial holdings at the time of
his elevation to executive officer status, has been filed subsequently. Based
solely on a review of the copies of Section 16a forms furnished to
NetLojix, and on written representations that no Forms 5 were required,
NetLojix believes that during 1999 no other officer, director or greater than
ten-percent shareholder failed to file on a timely basis any report required
under Section 16a.
