Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.SIMPSON MANUFACTURING CO.,INC.INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSConsolidated financial statementsReportsof Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms45Consolidated Balance Sheets at December31, 2015 and 201448Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December31, 2015, 2014 and 201349Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December31, 2015, 2014 and 201350Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December31, 2015, 2014 and 201351Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December31, 2015, 2014 and 201352Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements53Financial Statement ScheduleSchedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts7944Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting FirmBoard of Directors and StockholdersSimpson Manufacturing Co., Inc.We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Simpson Manufacturing Co., Inc. a Delaware corporation and subsidiaries the Company as of December 31, 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year then ended. Our audit of the basic consolidated financial statements included the financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under a2. These financial statements and financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Companys management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audit.We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Simpson Manufacturing Co., Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2015, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein.We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the Companys internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control-Integrated Frameworkissued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO, and our report dated February 26, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon./s/ Grant Thornton LLP San Francisco, CaliforniaFebruary26, 201645Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting FirmBoard of Directors and StockholdersSimpson Manufacturing Co., Inc.We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Simpson Manufacturing Co., Inc. a Delaware corporation and subsidiaries the Company as of December 31, 2015, based on criteria established in 2013 Internal Control-Integrated Frameworkissued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO. The Companys management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Managements Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Companys internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.A companys internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A companys internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that 1 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 2 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 3 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the companys assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control-Integrated Frameworkissued by COSO.We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended December 31, 2015, and our report dated February 26, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements./s/ Grant Thornton LLP San Francisco, CaliforniaFebruary26, 201646Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting FirmTo the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Simpson Manufacturing Co.,Inc.:In our opinion, the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2014 and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2014 present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Simpson Manufacturing Co., Inc. and its subsidiaries at December 31, 2014, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2014, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. In addition, in our opinion, the financial statement schedule for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2014 presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein when read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements. These financial statements and financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Company management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audits. We conducted our audits of these statements in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLPSan Francisco, CaliforniaMarch 2, 2015 47Simpson Manufacturing Co.,Inc. and SubsidiariesConsolidated Balance SheetsIn thousands, except per share dataDecember 31,20152014ASSETSCurrent assetsCash and cash  accounts receivable,  income taxes16,20314,662Other current assets12,47620,789Total current assets589,272604,318Property, plant and equipment,  assets27,67532,587Other noncurrent assets6,6965,252Total  AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITYCurrent liabilitiesLine of credit and notes payable$$18Trade accounts payable21,30922,860Accrued  profit sharing trust  cash profit sharing and commissions8,5026,039Accrued workers compensation4,5934,101Total current  liabilities16,52115,120Total  and contingencies Note 8Stockholders equityPreferred stock, par value $001; authorized shares, 5,000; issued and outstanding shares, noneCommon stock, par value $001; authorized shares, 160,000; issued and outstanding shares, 48,184 and 48,966 at December31, 2015 and 2014, respectively481489Additional paid-in capital238,212220,982Retained  other comprehensive income loss28,5767,180Total stockholders equity849,824863,465Total liabilities and stockholders equity$961,309$973,065The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements48Simpson Manufacturing Co.,Inc. and SubsidiariesConsolidated Statements of OperationsIn thousands, except per share dataYears Ended December 31,201520142013Net  of   expenses:Research and development and other  and  of goodwill530Net loss gain on disposal of  from  income655901987Interest expense997855901Income before  for income taxes40,79135,79130,593Net  per common  average number of shares  accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements49Simpson Manufacturing Co.,Inc. and SubsidiariesConsolidated Statements of Comprehensive IncomeIn thousandsYear End December 31,201520142013Net  comprehensive income:Translation adjustment, net of tax benefit expense of $57, $63 and $29 for 2015, 2014 and 2013,  pension adjustments, net of tax benefit expense of $82, $67 and $3 for 2015, 2014 and 2013,   accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements50Simpson Manufacturing Co.,Inc. and SubsidiariesConsolidated Statements of Stockholders EquityFor the years ended December31, 2013, 2014and 2015In thousands, except per share  LossCommon  ValueTotalBalance, January1,  income50,97150,971Translation adjustment, net of tax5,9415,941Pension adjustment, net of tax4646Options  compensation expense12,09012,090Tax benefit of options  of common  of common stock49,8219,825Cash dividends declared on common stock, $0375 per share18,17018,170Shares issued from release of restricted stock units11122,0742,072Common stock issued at $3381 per share9318318Balance, December31,  income63,53163,531Translation adjustment, net of tax24,89624,896Pension adjustment, net of tax370370Options  compensation expense12,35412,354Tax benefit of options exercised268268Repurchase of common  of common stock12,9802,981Cash dividends declared on common stock, $0545 per share26,66626,666Shares issued from release of restricted stock units17723,5043,502Common stock issued at $3587 per share11402402Balance, December31,  income67,88867,888Translation adjustment, net of tax20,93920,939Pension adjustment, net of tax457457Options  compensation expense10,99710,997Tax benefit of options exercised318318Repurchase of common  of common stock1347,13147,144Cash dividends declared on common stock, $062 per share30,22430,224Shares issued from release of restricted stock units21023,7183,716Common stock issued at $3432 per share16552552Balance, December31,  accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements51Simpson Manufacturing Co.,Inc. and SubsidiariesConsolidated Statements of Cash FlowsIn thousandsYears Ended December 31,201520142013Cash flows from operating activitiesNet  to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:Loss gain on sale of  and  of software development project3,140Impairment of long-lived assets1,025Impairment of goodwill530Gain on contingent consideration adjustment245545Deferred income taxes2,5372,1813,620Noncash compensation related to stock plans11,95813,19012,747Excess tax benefit of options  for recovery of doubtful accounts44015148Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions and dispositions:Trade accounts  current assets6,2743,68327Other noncurrent assets1,301600237Trade accounts   profit sharing trust  cash profit sharing and commissions2,530812,611Other long-term  workers  taxes payable2,4468724,595Net cash provided by operating  flows from investing activitiesCapital  acquisitions, net of cash  made to customer281Loan repayment by customer24439Loan repayments by related parties700Proceeds from sale of assets and businesses2936725,262Net cash used in investing  flows from financing activitiesRepayment of line of credit and other  consideration of asset  of common  of Companys common stock9,7204,58215,057Excess tax benefit of options exercised787980Dividends  cash used in financing  of exchange rate changes on cash9,9699,00997Net increase decrease in cash and cash  and cash equivalents at beginning of year260,307251,208175,553Cash and cash equivalents at end of  Disclosure of Cash Flow InformationCash paid during the year forInterest$249$117$30Income  activity during the year forCapital  acquisition806Stock-based  declared but not  in excess of pension benefit cost3955The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements52Simpson Manufacturing Co.,Inc. and SubsidiariesNotes to Consolidated Financial Statements1.Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting PoliciesNature of OperationsSimpson Manufacturing Co.,Inc., through its subsidiary Simpson Strong-Tie Company Inc. and its other subsidiaries collectively, the Company, designs, engineers and is a leading manufacturer of wood construction products, including connectors, truss plates, fastening systems, fasteners and shearwalls, and concrete construction products, including adhesives, specialty chemicals, mechanical anchors, powder actuated tools and fiber reinforcing materials. The Company markets its products to the residential construction, industrial, commercial and infrastructure construction, remodeling and do-it-yourself markets.The Company operates exclusively in the building products industry. The Companys products are sold primarily in the United States, Canada, Europe, the South Pacific and in Asia up until 2015 when the Company closed the sales offices there. Revenues have some geographic market concentration on the west coast of the United States. A portion of the Companys business is therefore dependent on economic activity within this region and market. The Company is dependent on the availability of steel, its primary raw material.Out-of-Period AdjustmentIn the first quarter of 2014, the Company recorded an out-of-period adjustment, which increased gross profit, income from operations and net income in total by $23 million, $20 millionand $13 million, respectively. The adjustment resulted from an over-statement of prior periods' workers compensation expense, net of cash profit sharing expense, and was not material to the current period or any prior period financial statements.Principles of ConsolidationThe consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Simpson Manufacturing Co.,Inc. and its subsidiaries. Investments in 50%or less owned entities are accounted for using either cost or the equity method. The Company consolidates all variable interest entities VIEs where it is the primary beneficiary. There were no VIEs as of December31, 2015or 2014. All significant intercompany transactions have been eliminated.Use of EstimatesThe preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the Consolidated Financial Statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.Revenue RecognitionThe Company recognizes revenue when the earnings process is complete, net of applicable provision for discounts, returns and incentives, whether actual or estimated based on the Companys experience. This generally occurs when products are shipped to the customer in accordance with the sales agreement or purchase order, ownership and risk of loss pass to the customer, collectability is reasonably assured and pricing is fixed or determinable. The Companys general shipping terms are F.O.B. shipping point, where title is transferred and revenue is recognized when the products are shipped to customers. When the Company sells F.O.B. destination point, title is transferred and the Company recognizes revenue on delivery or customer acceptance, depending on terms of the sales agreement. Service sales, representing after-market repair and maintenance, engineering activities, software license sales and service and lease income, though significantly less than 1%of net sales and not material to the Consolidated Financial Statements, are recognized as the services are completed or the software products and services are delivered. If actual costs of sales returns, incentives and discounts were to significantly exceed the recorded estimated allowances, the Companys sales would be adversely affected.Sales Incentive and Advertising AllowancesThe Company records estimated reductions to revenues for sales incentives, primarily rebates for volume discounts, and allowances for co-operative advertising53Allowances for Sales DiscountsThe Company records estimated reductions to revenues for discounts taken on early payment of invoices by its customers.Cash EquivalentsThe Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original or remaining maturity of three months or less at the time of purchase to be cash equivalents.Allowance for Doubtful AccountsThe Company assesses the collectability of specific customer accounts that would be considered doubtful based on the customers financial condition, payment history, credit rating and other factors that the Company considers relevant, or accounts that the Company assigns for collection. The Company reserves for the portion of those outstanding balances that the Company believes it is not likely to collect based on historical collection experience. The Company also reserves 100%of the amounts that it deems uncollectable due to a customers deteriorating financial condition or bankruptcy. If the financial condition of the Companys customers were to deteriorate, resulting in probable inability to make payments, additional allowances may be required.Inventory ValuationInventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value market. Cost includes all costs incurred in bringing each product to its present location and condition, as follows:Raw materials and purchased finished goods for resale principally valued at cost determined on a weighted average basis; andIn-process products and finished goods cost of direct materials and labor plus attributable overhead based on a normal level of activity.The Company applies net realizable value and obsolescence to the gross value of the inventory. The Company estimates net realizable value based on estimated selling price less further costs to completion and disposal. The Company impairs slow-moving products by comparing inventories on hand to projected demand. If on-hand supply of a product exceeds projected demand or if the Company believes the product is no longer marketable, the product is considered obsolete inventory. The Company revalues obsolete inventory to its net realizable value. The Company has consistently applied this methodology. The Company believes that this approach is prudent and makes suitable impairments for slow-moving and obsolete inventory. When impairments are established, a new cost basis of the inventory is created. Unexpected change in market demand, building codes or buyer preferences could reduce the rate of inventory turnover and require the Company to recognize more obsolete inventory.Warranties and recallsThe Company provides product warranties for specific product lines and records estimated recall expenses in the period in which the recall occurs, none of which has been material to the Consolidated Financial Statements. In a limited number of circumstances, the Company may also agree to indemnify customers against legal claims made against those customers by the end users of the Companys products. Historically, payments made by the Company, if any, under such agreements have not had a material effect on the Companys consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial positionFair Value of Financial InstrumentsThe Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures topic of the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards CodificationASC establishes a valuation hierarchy for disclosure of the inputs used to measure fair value. This hierarchy prioritizes the inputs into three broad levels as follows: Level 1 inputs are quoted prices unadjusted in active markets for identical assets or liabilities; Level 2 inputs are quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets or inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly through market corroboration, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument; Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs based on the Companys assumptions used to measure assets and liabilities at fair value. A financial assets or liabilitys classification within the hierarchy is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement54As of December31, 2015, the Companys investments consisted of only United States Treasury securities and money market funds, which are the Companys primary financial instruments, maintained in cash equivalents and carried at cost, approximating fair value, based on Level 1 inputs. The balance of the Companys primary financial instruments was as follows:in  States Treasury securities and money market funds$76,047$99,024The carrying amounts of trade accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate fair value due to the short-term nature of these instruments. The fair value of the Companys contingent consideration related to acquisitions is classified as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy as it is based on unobserved inputs and assumptions. In 2014, the fair value of the contingent consideration related to the acquisition of Bierbach GmbH Co. KG Bierbach, a Germany company, was decreased from $08 millionto $02 millionas a result of not retaining Bierbach historical customers and increased competition.Property, Plant and EquipmentProperty, plant and equipment are carried at cost. Major renewals and betterments are capitalized. Maintenance and repairs are expensed on a current basis. When assets are sold or retired, their costs and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts, and the resulting gains or losses are reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.The IntangiblesGoodwill and Other topic of the FASB ASC provides guidance on capitalization of the costs incurred for computer software developed or obtained for internal use. The Company capitalizes qualified external costs and internal costs related to the purchase and implementation of software projects used for business operations and engineering design activities. Capitalized software costs primarily include purchased software and external consulting fees. Capitalized software projects are amortized over the estimated useful lives of the software.Depreciation and AmortizationDepreciation of software, machinery and equipment is provided using accelerated methods over the following estimated useful lives:Software3 to 5 yearsMachinery and equipment3 to 10 yearsBuildings and site improvements are depreciated using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives, which range from 15to 45years. Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method over the shorter of the expected life or the remaining term of the lease. Amortization of purchased intangible assets with finite useful lives is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets.In-Process Research and Development AssetsIn-process research and development IPRD assets represent capitalized incomplete research projects that the Company acquired through business combinations. Such assets are initially measured at their acquisition-date fair values and are required to be classified as indefinite-lived assets until the successful completion of the associated research and development efforts. During the development period after the date of acquisition, these assets will not be amortized until the research and development projects are completed and the resulting assets are ready for their intended use. The Company performs an impairment test annually and more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate it that is more likely than not that the asset is impaired. On successful completion of the research and development project the Company makes a determination about the then-remaining useful life and begins amortization.Cost of SalesThe types of costs included in cost of sales include material, labor, factory and tooling overhead, shipping, and freight costs. Major components of these expenses are material costs, such as steel, packaging and cartons, personnel costs, and facility costs, such as rent, depreciation and utilities, related to the production and distribution of the Companys products. Inbound freight charges, purchasing and receiving costs, inspection costs, warehousing costs, internal transfer costs, and other costs of the Companys distribution network are also included in cost of sales55Tool and Die CostsTool and die costs are included in product costs in the year incurred.Shipping and Handling Fees and CostsThe Companys general shipping terms are F.O.B. shipping point. Shipping and handling fees and costs are included in revenues and product costs, as appropriate, in the year incurred.Product and Software Research and Development CostsProduct research and development costs, which are included in operating expenses and are charged against income as incurred, were $103 million, $112 millionand $107 millionin 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively. The types of costs included as product research and development expenses are typically related to salaries and benefits, professional fees and supplies. In 2015, 2014and 2013, the Company incurred software development expenses related to its expansion into the plated truss market and some of the software development costs were capitalized. See Note 5. The Company amortizes acquired patents over their remaining lives and performs periodic reviews for impairment. The cost of internally developed patents is expensed as incurred.Selling CostsSelling costs include expenses associated with selling, merchandising and marketing the Companys products. Major components of these expenses are personnel, sales commissions, facility costs such as rent, depreciation and utilities, professional services, information technology costs, sales promotion, advertising, literature and trade shows.Advertising CostsAdvertising costs are included in selling expenses, are expensed when the advertising occurs, and were $64 million, $73 millionand $70 millionin 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively.General and Administrative CostsGeneral and administrative costs include personnel, information technology related costs, facility costs such as rent, depreciation and utilities, professional services, amortization of intangibles and bad debt charges.Income TaxesIncome taxes are calculated using an asset and liability approach. The provision for income taxes includes federal, state and foreign taxes currently payable and deferred taxes, due to temporary differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities. In addition, future tax benefits are recognized to the extent that realization of such benefits is more likely than not.Sales TaxesThe Company presents taxes collected and remitted to governmental authorities on a net basis in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations.Foreign Currency TranslationThe local currency is the functional currency of most of the Companys operations in Europe, Canada, Asia, Australia, New Zealand and South Africa. Assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated using the exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Revenues and expenses are translated using average exchange rates prevailing during the year. The translation adjustment resulting from this process is shown separately as a component of stockholders equity. Foreign currency transaction gains or losses are included in general and administrative expenses.Sales Office ClosingDuring the first quarter of 2015, the Company committed to a plan to close its sales offices located in China, Thailand and Dubai Asia sales offices, as well as to reduce its selling activities in Hong Kong, due to continued losses in the regions. As of December 31, 2015, Asia sales offices closures were substantially completed56As of December31, 2015, the Company had recorded employee severance obligation expenses of $24 millionand made corresponding payments totaling $21 million. Most of the severance obligation expenses were charged to operating expenses, with less than $06 millionrecorded to cost of sales. Long-lived assets, consisted mostly of office equipment and vehicles were fully amortized as of December 31, 2015, total accelerated depreciation expense of $02 millionwas recorded in operating expenses. All costs associated with the closures were reported in the Asia/Pacific segment.The following table provides a rollforward of the liability balance for these costs, as well as other non-employee costs associated with the sales office closing, as of December31, 2015:in thousandsOperating Leases ObligationEmployee Severance ObligationOther Associated CostsTotalBalance at January 1,   at December 31, 2015$$301$352$653The remaining estimated additional severance expense, retention bonuses and professional fees of $03 millionwill be recorded as commitment requirements are met or services are performed. In addition, the remaining estimated future minimum lease obligation of $05 millionwill be charged to expense after the cease-use date, the date the Company ceases to use a lease property.The estimated costs disclosed are based on a number of assumptions, and actual results could differ materially.In December2015, the Company had substantially completed the liquidation of its Asia sales offices, which included liquidating nearly all of its assets and settling most of its debts. As a result, the Company reclassified $02 millionof its accumulated other comprehensive income, related to foreign exchange losses from its Asia sales offices, to its Consolidated Statement of Operations. This amount is classified as a loss on disposal of assets and was recorded in the Asia/Pacific segment.Plant ClosureIn December2013, the Company had substantially completed the liquidation of its Irish subsidiary, which included liquidating nearly all of its assets and settling most of its debts. As a result, the Company reclassified $28 millionof its accumulated other comprehensive income, related to foreign exchange losses from its Irish subsidiary, to its Consolidated Statement of Operations. This amount is classified as a loss on disposal of assets and was recorded in the Administrative All Other segment.Sale of Product LineIn December2013, the Company sold its CarbonWrap product line to The DowAksa USA, LLC for $38 million. The CarbonWrap product line had assets of $20 million, consisting of $15 millionin intangible assets and $05 millionin goodwill. As part of the transaction, the Company also incurred severance costs of $05 million. As a result of this transaction the Company recognized a pre-tax gain of $14 million.Because the CarbonWrap assets constituted an integrated business in the United States reporting unit, a portion of the United States reporting units goodwill was included in the carrying amount of the asset group disposed. The amount of goodwill from the United States reporting unit included in the CarbonWrap asset group was $05 million, which was proportionate to the fair value of the CarbonWrap asset group compared to the estimated fair value of the United States reporting unit.The Company continues to invest in related product lines, such as those acquired from Fox Industries,Inc. in 2011 and SP Clever Reinforcement Company AG and SP Clever International AG in 2012, both companies incorporated under the laws of Switzerland collectively, SP Clever. See Note 2.Common StockSubject to the rights of holders of any preferred stock that may be issued in the future, holders of common stock are entitled to receive such dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by the Companys Board of Directors the Board out of legally available funds, and in the event of liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company, to share ratably in all assets available for distribution. The holders of common stock have no preemptive or conversion rights. Subject to the rights of any preferred stock that may be issued in the future, the holders of common stock are entitled to onevote per share on any matter 57submitted to a vote of the stockholders, except that, subject to compliance with pre-meeting notice and other conditions pursuant to the Companys Bylaws, stockholders may cumulate their votes in an election of directors, and each stockholder may give one candidate a number of votes equal to the number of directors to be elected multiplied by the number of shares held by such stockholder or may distribute such stockholders votes on the same principle among as many candidates as such stockholder thinks fit. A director is elected if the votes cast for such directors election exceed the votes cast against such directors election, except that, if a stockholder properly nominates a candidate for election to the Board, the candidates with the highest number of affirmative votes up to the number of directors to be elected are elected. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock.In 1999, the Company declared a dividend distribution of oneright per share of our common stock to purchase SeriesA Participating preferred stock each, a Right, or collectively, the Rights. The Rights will be exercisable, unless redeemed earlier by the Company, if a person or group acquires, or obtains the right to acquire, 15%or more of the outstanding shares of common stock or commences a tender or exchange offer that would result in it acquiring 15%or more of the outstanding shares of common stock, either event occurring without the prior consent of the Company. The amount of SeriesA Participating preferred stock that the holder of a Right is entitled to receive and the purchase price payable on exercise of a Right are both subject to adjustment. Any person or group that acquires 15%or more of the outstanding shares of common stock without the prior consent of the Company would not be entitled to this purchase. Any stockholder who held 25%or more of the Companys common stock when the Rights were originally distributed would not be treated as having acquired 15%or more of the outstanding shares unless such stockholders ownership is increased to more than 40%of the outstanding shares.The Rights will expire on June14, 2019, or they may be redeemed by the Company at onecent per Right prior to that date. The Rights do not have voting or dividend rights and, until they become exercisable, have no dilutive effect on the earnings of the Company. One million shares of the Companys preferred stock have been designated SeriesA Participating preferred stock and reserved for issuance on exercise of the Rights. No event during 2015made the Rights exercisable.Preferred StockThe Board has the authority to issue the authorized and unissued preferred stock in oneor more series with such designations, rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Board. Accordingly, the Board is empowered, without stockholder approval, to issue preferred stock with dividend, redemption, liquidation, conversion, voting or other rights that could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of the Companys common stock.Stock Repurchase ProgramThe Company announced a stock repurchase program for 2015 authorizing it to repurchase up to $500million of the Companys common stock. The stock repurchase program expired on December31, 2015. In September 2015, the Company entered into a Master Confirmation and a Supplemental Confirmation for a $250 millionaccelerated share repurchase program the ASR Agreement with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association Wells Fargo. As of December 31, 2015, the terms of the ASR Agreement was completed. The Company paid Wells Fargo $250 millionand Wells Fargo delivered to the Company 689,184shares of the Companys common stock, which had an average share price of $3627per share. The Company recorded the $250 millionpayment to Wells Fargo as an increase in treasury stockFor the year ended December31, 2015, the Company purchased a total of 1,338,894shares of its common stock, which included the 689,184shares pursuant to the ASR agreement. The total spent on the 1,338,894shares during the twelve months ended December31, 2015was approximately $471million, at an average price of $3521. All of the Company shares repurchased during 2015 were retired. See the Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity.Net Income per Common Share Basic net income per common share is computed based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Potentially dilutive shares, using the treasury stock method, are included in the diluted per-share calculations for all periods when the effect of their inclusion is dilutive58The following shows a reconciliation of basic earnings per share EPS to diluted   income available to common  weighted average shares  effect of potential common stock equivalents stock options229217152Diluted weighted average shares  earnings per  dilutive securities excluded from earnings per diluted share because theireffect is anti-dilutiveAnti-dilutive shares attributable to outstanding stock options were excluded from the calculation of diluted net income per share.The potential tax benefits derived from the amount of the average stock price for the period in excess of the grant date fair value of stock options, known as the windfall tax benefit, is added to the proceeds of stock option exercises under the treasury stock method for computing the amount of dilutive securities used to determine the outstanding shares for the calculation of diluted earnings per share.Comprehensive Income or LossComprehensive income is defined as net income plus other comprehensive income or loss. Other comprehensive income or loss consists of changes in cumulative translation adjustments and changes in unamortized pension adjustments recorded directly in accumulated other comprehensive income within stockholders equity. The following shows the components of accumulated other comprehensive income or loss as of December31, 2015and 2014, respectively:Foreign Currency TranslationPension BenefitTotalinthousands Balance, January1, 2013$12,342$243$12,099Other comprehensive income before reclassification net of tax benefit expense of $29 and $3,  reclassified from accumulative other comprehensive income, net of $0 tax2,7942,794Balance, December31, 201318,28319718,086Other comprehensive loss net of tax benefit expense of $63 and $67,  December31, 20146,6135677,180Other comprehensive loss net of tax benefit expense of $57 and $82,  reclassified from accumulative other comprehensive income, net of $0 tax$231$231Balance, December31,  2013 and 2015 translation adjustments activity included the realization of $28 millionin cumulative currency translation adjustments related to the liquidation of the Irish subsidiary and $02 millionin cumulative currency translation adjustments related to the liquidation of the Asia sales offices, both as a net loss on disposal of assets in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.Concentration of Credit RiskFinancial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash in banks, short-term investments in United States Treasury securities, money market funds and trade accounts receivable. The Company maintains its cash in demand deposit and money market accounts held primarily at seventeenbanks59Accounting for Stock-Based CompensationWith the approval of the Companys stockholders on April26, 2011, the Company adopted the Simpson Manufacturing Co.,Inc. 2011 Incentive Plan the 2011 Plan. The 2011 Plan amended and restated in their entirety, and incorporated and superseded, both the Simpson Manufacturing Co.,Inc. 1994 Stock Option Plan the 1994 Plan, which was principally for the Companys employees, and the Simpson Manufacturing Co.,Inc. 1995 Independent Director Stock Option Plan the 1995 Plan, which was for its independent directors. Awards previously granted under the 1994 Plan or the 1995 Plan will not be affected by the adoption of the 2011 Plan and will continue to be governed by the 1994 Plan or the 1995 Plan, respectively.Under the 1994 Plan, the Company could grant incentive stock options and non-qualified stock options, although the Company granted only non-qualified stock options under the 1994 Plan and the 1995 Plan. The Company generally granted options under each of the 1994 Plan and the 1995 Plan once each year. Options vest and expire according to terms established at the grant date. Stock options granted under the 1994 Plan typically vested evenly over the requisite service period of fouryears and have a term of sevenyears. Options granted under the 1995 Plan were fully vested on the date of grant. Shares of common stock issued on exercise of stock options under the 1994 Plan and the 1995 Plan are registered under the Securities Act of 1933.Under the 2011 Plan, the Company may grant incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options, restricted stock and restricted stock units, although the Company currently intends to award primarily restricted stock units and to a lesser extent, if at all, non-qualified stock options. The Company does not currently intend to award incentive stock options or restricted stock. Under the 2011 Plan, no more than 163 millionshares of the Companys common stock may be issued including shares already sold pursuant to all awards under the 2011 Plan, including on exercise of options previously granted under the 1994 Plan and the 1995 Plan. Shares of common stock to be issued pursuant to the 2011 Plan are registered under the Securities Act of 1933.The following table shows the Companys stock-based compensation activity for the years ended December31, 2015, 2014, and 2013,  compensation expense recognized in operating  benefit of stock-based compensation expense in provision for income  compensation expense, net of tax$7,225$7,915$7,828Fair value of shares  to the Company from the exercise of stock-based  benefit from exercise of stock-based compensation, including shortfall tax   compensation cost capitalized in inventory$368$559$463The stock-based compensation expense included in cost of sales, research and development and engineering expense, selling expense, or general and administrative expense depends on the job functions performed by the employees to whom the stock options were granted, or the restricted stock units were awarded.The assumptions used to calculate the fair value of options or restricted stock units are evaluated and revised, as necessary, to reflect market conditions and the Companys experience. See Note 12.Goodwill Impairment TestingThe Company tests goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level on an annual basis in the fourth quarter for the Company. The Company also reviews goodwill for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. These events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate, legal factors, operating performance indicators, competition, or disposition or relocation of a significant portion of a reporting unit60The reporting unit level is generally one level below the operating segment and is at the country level except for the United States, Denmark, Australia, and SP Clever reporting units.The Company has determined that the United States reporting unit includes fourcomponents: Northwest United States, Southwest United States, Northeast United States and Southeast United States collectively, the U.S. Components. The Company aggregates the U.S. Components into a single reporting unit because management concluded that they are economically similar and that the goodwill is recoverable from the U.S. Components working in concert. The U.S. Components are economically similar because of a number of factors, including, selling similar products to shared customers and sharing assets and services such as intellectual property, manufacturing assets for certain products, research and development projects, manufacturing processes, management of inventory excesses and shortages and administrative services. These activities are managed centrally at the U.S. Components level and costs are allocated among the fourU.S. Components.The Company determined that the Australia reporting unit includes threecomponents: Australia, New Zealand and South Africa collectively, the AU Components. The Company aggregates the AU Components into a single reporting unit because management concluded that they are economically similar and that the goodwill is recoverable from the AU Components working in concert. The AU Components are economically similar because of a number of factors, including that New Zealand and South Africa operate as extensions of their Australian parent company selling similar products and sharing assets and services such as intellectual property, manufacturing assets for certain products, management of inventory excesses and shortages and administrative services. These activities are managed centrally at the AU Components level and costs are allocated among the AU Components.The Company has determined that the SP Clever reporting unit includes eightcomponents: SP Switzerland, SP Poland, SP Austria, SP The Netherlands, SP Portugal, SP Germany, SP France and SP Nordic collectively, the SP Components. The Company aggregates the SP Components into a single reporting unit because management concluded that they are economically similar and that the goodwill is recoverable from the SP Components working in concert. The SP Components are economically similar because of a number of factors, including sharing assets and services such as intellectual property, manufacturing assets for certain products, research and development projects, manufacturing processes, management of inventory excesses and shortages and administrative services. These activities are managed centrally at the SP Components level and costs are allocated among the SP Components.For certain reporting units, the Company may first assess qualitative factors related to the goodwill of the reporting unit to determine whether it is necessary to perform a two-step impairment test. If the Company judges that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is greater than the carrying amount of the reporting unit, including goodwill, no further testing is required. If the Company judges that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying amount of the reporting unit, including goodwill, management will perform a two-step impairment test on goodwill. In the first step Step 1, the Company compares the fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying value. The fair value calculation uses the income approach discounted cash flow method and the market approach, equally weighted. If the Company judges that the carrying value of the net assets assigned to the reporting unit, including goodwill, exceeds the fair value of the reporting unit, a second step of the impairment test must be performed to determine the implied fair value of the reporting units goodwill. If the Company judges that the carrying value of a reporting units goodwill exceeds its implied fair value, the Company would record an impairment charge equal to the difference between the implied fair value of the goodwill and the carrying value.Determining the fair value of a reporting unit or an indefinite-lived purchased intangible asset is a judgment involving significant estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions include revenue growth rates, operating margins and working capital requirements used to calculate projected future cash flows, risk-adjusted discount rates, selected multiples, control premiums and future economic and market conditionsLevel 3 fair value inputs. The Company bases its fair value estimates on assumptions that it believes to be reasonable, but that are unpredictable and inherently uncertain. Actual future results may differ from those estimates.Assumptions about a reporting units operating performance in the first year of the discounted cash flow model used to determine whether or not the goodwill related to that reporting unit is impaired are derived from the Companys budget. The fair value model considers such factors as macro-economic conditions, revenue and expense forecasts, product line changes, material, labor and overhead costs, tax rates, working capital levels and competitive environment. Future estimates, however derived, are inherently uncertain but the Company believes that this is the most appropriate source on which to base its fair value calculation.The Company uses these parameters only to provide a basis for the determination of whether or not the goodwill related to a reporting unit is impaired. No inference whatsoever should be drawn from these parameters about the Companys future financial performance and they should not be taken as projections or guidance of any kind61The 2015, 2014 and 2013 annual testing of goodwill for impairment did not result in impairment charges. The impairment charge taken in the third quarter of 2014 was associated with assets in the Germany reporting unit acquired from Bierbach in 2013. See Note 2. The factors that led to the third quarter impairment were a failure to retain Bierbach historical customers and increased competition factors, which led to the reduction in the contingent consideration liability related to the Bierbach acquisition, and resulted in management performing an impairment test to evaluate the recoverability of the Germany reporting unit goodwill. The test resulted in the impairment of all of the reporting units goodwill in the amount of $05 million. In connection with the impairment of the goodwill, the Company also reviewed associated long-lived assets in Germany, such as property and equipment and intangible assets, for recoverability by comparing the projected undiscounted net cash flows associated with those assets to their carrying values. No impairment of long-lived assets was required as a result of that review during the third quarter of 2014.The Denmark reporting unit passed Step 1 of the annual 2015impairment test by a 9%margin indicating an estimated value greater than its net book value and was the only reporting unit with a fair value greater than net book value margin of less than 10%. The Denmark reporting unit is sensitive to managements plans for retaining or replacing lost sales and operating margins. The Denmark reporting units failure to meet managements objectives could result in future impairment of some or all of the Denmark reporting units goodwill, which was $64 millionat December31, 2015. Key assumptions used in Step 1 of the Companys annual goodwill impairment test included compound annual growth rates CAGR and average annual pre-tax operating margins during the forecast period, and discount rates. A sensitivity assessment for the key assumptions included in the Denmark reporting unit annual goodwill impairment test is as follows:A 480 basis point hypothetical change in the discount rate, holding all other assumptions constant, would not have decreased the fair value of the reporting unit below its carrying value, and thus it would not result in the reporting unit failing Step1 of the goodwill impairment test.A 105 basis point hypothetical decrease in the CAGR, holding all other assumptions constant, would not have decreased the fair value of the reporting unit below its carrying value.A 40%hypothetical decrease in average annual pre-tax operating profit, holding all other assumptions constant, would not have decreased the fair value of the reporting unit below its carrying value.The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill, by segment, as of December31, 2014and 2015, were as follows, respectively:in  as of January1,  impairment   17979Balance as of December31,  impairment  acquired1,8602102,070Foreign  as of December 31,  impairment  footnotes following table entitled Indefinite-Lived Intangibles, below62Amortizable Intangible AssetsThe total gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization of intangible assets, most of which are or will be, subject to amortization at December31, 2015, were $571 millionand $294 million, respectively. The aggregate amount of amortization expense of intangible assets for the years ended December31, 2015, 2014and 2013was $61 million, $72 millionand $71 million, respectively.The changes in the carrying amounts of patents, unpatented technologies, customer relationships and non-compete agreements and other intangible assets subject to amortization as of December31, 2014, and 2015were as follows, respectively:in  at January1,  exchange1414Removal of fully amortized assets4,9174,917Balance, at December 31,  exchange77Removal of fully amortized assets1,3001,300Balance at December 31, 2015$1,513$379$1,134in  at January1,   at December 31,  exchange123$123Removal of fully amortized assets1,0701,070Balance at December 31, 2015$21,604$8,656$12,948in  and OtherBalance at January1,   122,5542,554Removal of fully amortized assets200200Balance, at December 31,  exchange7676Removal of fully amortized asset210210Balance at December 31,   at January1,  exchange443443Removal of fully amortized assets1,7181,718Balance, at December 31,  exchange178178Removal of fully amortized assets400400Balance at December 31,  footnotes following table entitled Indefinite-Lived Intangibles, below.At December31, 2015, estimated future amortization of intangible assets was as  Intangible AssetsAs of December31, 2015, an IPRD asset of $15 millionrequires further field testing and the Company anticipates substantial completion in 2015. The Companys asset impairment assessment of the oneIPRD asset did not result in impairment in 2015.The changes in the carrying amounts of indefinite-lived trade name and IPRD assets not subject to amortization as of December31, 2014and 2015, respectively, were as follows:in  at January 1,  23,3493,349Foreign exchange183183Balance, at December 31, 20146161,5182,134Foreign exchange66Balance at December 31,  in 2014 of $06 millionto customer relationships related to finalizing accounting for the Bierbach acquisitions, with a corresponding $05 milliondecrease in non-compete agreements, trademarks and other; and $01 milliondecrease in goodwill2Reclassification in 2014 of $33 millionto unpatented technology for substantially completed IPRD, with a corresponding reduction in indefinite-lived IPRD and of $20 millionto unpatented technology related to TJ ShearBrace ShearBrace, with a corresponding decrease in non-compete agreements, trademarks and other64Amortizable and indefinite-lived assets, net, by segment, as of December 31,2014and 2015, respectively, were as follows:December 31,    December 31,    Adopted Accounting StandardsIn September 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-16, Topic 805, Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period AdjustmentsASU 2015-16. ASU 2015-16 amendments eliminate the requirement to restate prior period financial statements for measurement period adjustments made to provisional amounts recognized in a business combination. The new guidance requires that the cumulative impact of measurement period adjustments including the impact on prior periods be recognized in the reporting period in which the adjustments are determined. The amendments require preparers to present cumulative adjustments separately within the respective financial line items affected or disclose in the notes the amount recorded in current-period earnings. The new guidance does not change what constitutes a measurement period adjustment. The new standard should be applied prospectively to measurement period adjustments that occur after the effective date. The new standard is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015, with early adoption permitted. The Company early adopted this guidance effective December 15, 2015, and the adoption had no material effect on its consolidated financial statements and footnote disclosures.In April 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-05 Subtopic 340-40, Customers Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing ArrangementASU 2015-05. The guidance in this Subtopic applies only to internal-use software that a customer obtains access to in a hosted arrangement. The amendments provide guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, then the customer should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software license, the customer should account for the arrangement as a service contract. With an election to adopt prospectively or retrospectively, this ASU will be effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The Company early adopted ASU 2015-11 prospectively and the adoption had no material effect on its consolidated financial statements and footnote disclosures.In January 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-01, Income Statement-Extraordinary and Unusual Items ASU 2015-01. ASU 2015-01 eliminates the concept of extraordinary items found in Subtopic 225-20, which required that an entity separately classify, present and disclose extraordinary events and transaction when the event or activity met both criteria of being unusual in nature and infrequent in occurrence. Although the concept of extraordinary items will be eliminated, the presentation and disclosure guidance for items that are unusual in nature or occur infrequently will be retained and will be expanded to include items that are both unusual in nature and infrequently occurring. The standard is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015. The Company early adopted ASU 2015-01 and the adoption had no material effect on its consolidated financial statements and footnote disclosures. Recently Issued Accounting Standards Not Yet AdoptedIn November 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-17, Income Taxes Topic 740, Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes ASU 2015-17. The objective is to simplify the presentation of deferred income taxes; the amendments require that deferred tax assets and liabilities be classified as noncurrent in a classified consolidated balance sheets. 65ASU 2015-17 will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Earlier application is permitted for all entities as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. The amendment may be applied either prospectively to all deferred tax liabilities and assets or retrospectively to all periods presented. The Company expects that the adoption of ASU 2015-17 will not materially affect its financial position or results of operations.In July 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-11, Topic 330, Simplifying the Measurement of InventoryASU 2015-11. The objective is to reduce the complexity related to inventory subsequent measurement and disclosure requirements. ASU 2015-11 amendments do not apply to inventory that is measured using last-in, first-out or the retail inventory method. The amendments apply to all other inventory, which includes inventory that is measured using first-in, first-out or average cost. Inventory within the scope of the new guidance should be measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation. The amendments more closely align with the measurement of inventory in International Financial Reporting Standards. ASU 2015-11 will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The amendments in ASU 2015-11 should be applied prospectively with earlier application permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. The Company expects that the adoption of ASU 2015-11 will not materially affect its financial position or results of operations.In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASU 2014-09. ASU 2014-09 supersedes nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under GAAP. The core principle of ASU 2014-09 is that revenue is recognized when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 defines a five-step process to achieve this core principle and, in doing so, more judgment and estimates may be required within the revenue recognition process than are required under existing GAAP. The standard is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017, using either of the following transition methods: i a full retrospective approach reflecting the application of the standard in each prior reporting period with the option to elect certain practical expedients, or ii a retrospective approach with the cumulative effect of initially adopting ASU 2014-09 recognized at the date of adoption which includes additional footnote disclosures. The Company is currently evaluating the effects of adopting ASU 2014-09 on its consolidated financial statements and has not yet determined the method by which it will adopt the standard2.AcquisitionsIn February2013, the Company purchased certain assets relating to the TJ ShearBrace ShearBrace product line of Weyerhaeuser NR Company Weyerhaeuser, a Washington corporation, for $53 millionin cash. The ShearBrace is a line of pre-fabricated shearwalls that complements the Companys Strong-Wall shearwall, and is sold throughout North America. The Companys measurement of assets acquired included goodwill of $26 millionwhich was assigned to the North America segment and intangible assets of $19 millionboth of which are subject to tax-deductible amortization. Net tangible assets consisting of inventory and equipment accounted for the balance of the purchase price. The weighted-average amortization period for the intangible assets is 134years.In November2013, the Company purchased certain assets related to a connector product line from Bierbach GmbH Co. KG Bierbach, a Germany corporation, for $12 millionin cash and a contingent liability of $08 million. Bierbach manufactured and sold a line of connectors, primarily in Germany. The Companys measurement of assets acquired included goodwill of $05 million, which was assigned to the Europe segment, and intangible assets of $06 million, both of which are subject to tax-deductible amortization. Net tangible assets consisting of inventory and tool and dies accounted for the balance of the purchase price. At the end of 2014, the Company reduced the fair value of the contingent consideration liability from $08 millionto $02 milliondue to a failure to retain Bierbach historical customers and increased competition, which resulted in a $05 milliongain that was reported in general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The goodwill associated with Bierbach was fully impaired during 2014. See Note 1 Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Goodwill Impairment Testing. The weighted-average amortization period for the intangible assets is 97years.In December 2015, the Company purchased all of the business assets including intellectual property from Blue Heron Enterprises, and Fox Chase Enterprises, LLC collectively, EBTY, both New Jersey limited liability companies, for $34 millionin cash.EBTY manufactured and sold hidden deck clips and products and systems using a patented design. EBTY patented design for hidden deck clips and products and systems will complement the Company line of hidden clips and fastener systems. The Company provisional measurement of assets acquired included goodwill of $20 millionwhich was assigned to the North American segment, and intangible assets of $11 millionboth of which are subject to tax-deductible amortization. Net assets consisting of inventory and equipment accounted for the balance of the purchase price. The weighted-average amortization period for the intangible assets is 7years. 66Under the business combinations topic of the FASB ASC, the Company accounted for these acquisitions as business combinations and ascribed acquisition-date fair values to the acquired assets and assumed liabilities. Fair value of intangible assets was based on Level 3 inputs. The results of operations of the businesses acquired in 2013 through 2015 are included in the Companys consolidated results of operations since the date of the acquisition. They were not material to the Company on an individual or aggregate basis, and accordingly, pro forma results of operations have not been presented3.Trade Accounts Receivable, netTrade accounts receivable consisted of the following:December 31,inthousands20152014Trade accounts  for doubtful accounts1,142929Allowance for sales  Company sells products on credit and generally does not require collateral4.InventoriesThe components of inventories consisted of the   products18,82819,496Finished  Plant and Equipment, netProperty, plant and equipment consisted of the following:December  and site   and  accumulated depreciation and  projects in  in property, plant and equipment at December31, 2015and 2014, are fully depreciated assets with an original cost of $1567 millionand $1611 million, respectively. These fully depreciated assets are still in use in the Companys operations. In December 2015, the Company purchased for $126 milliona manufacturing facility in West Chicago for the purposes of combining the operations of its two leased chemical facilities into one owned facility. The Company estimates 2016 costs to complete improvements to operate out of the new facility will be $70 millionto $100 million.The Company capitalizes certain development costs associated with internal use software, including external direct costs of materials and services and payroll costs for employees devoting time to a software project. As of December31, 2015and 2014, depreciable capitalized software development costs were $16 millionand $18 million, respectively, and included in capital projects in progress at December31, 2015and 2014, were software in development costs of $122 millionand $83 million, respectively.Costs incurred during the preliminary project stage, as well as costs for maintenance and training, are expensed as incurred.Depreciation expense was $204 millionfor both years ended December31, 2015and 2014,and was $201 millionfor the year ended December 31, 20136.Accrued LiabilitiesAccrued liabilities consisted of the  incentive and advertising  liability7,0016,568Dividend payable7,7166,843Labor related  Company has revolving lines of credit with various banks in the United States and Europe. Total available credit at December31, 2015was $3044 million, including revolving credit lines and an irrevocable standby letter of credit in support of various insurance deductibles.The Companys primary credit facility is a revolving line of credit with $3000 millionin available credit. This credit facility will expire in July2017. Amounts borrowed under this credit facility will bear interest at an annual rate equal to either, at the Companys option, athe rate for Eurocurrency deposits for the corresponding deposits of U.S. dollars appearing on Reuters LIBOR1screen pagethe LIBOR Rate, adjusted for any reserve requirement in effect, plus a spread of 060%to 145%, determined quarterly based on the Companys leverage ratio at December31, 2015, the LIBOR Rate was 036%, or ba base rate, plus a spread of 000%to 045%, determined quarterly based on the Companys leverage ratio. The base rate is defined in a manner such that it will not be less than the LIBOR Rate. The Company will pay fees for standby letters of credit at an annual rate equal to the LIBORRate plus the applicable spread described above, and will pay market-based fees for commercial letters of credit. The Company is required to pay an annual facility fee of 015%to 030%of the available commitments under the credit agreement, regardless of usage, with the applicable fee determined on a quarterly basis based on the Companys leverage ratio. The Company was also required to pay customary fees as specified in a separate fee agreement between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, in its capacity as the Agent under the credit agreement.The Companys borrowing capacity under other revolving credit lines and a term note totaled $44 millionat December31, 2015. The other revolving credit lines and term note charge interest ranging from 067%to 750%and have maturity dates from March2016 to December2016. The Company had nooutstanding balance at December31, 2015and $18 thousandoutstanding at December31, 2014, respectively68The Company and its subsidiaries are required to comply with various affirmative and negative covenants. The covenants include provisions that would limit the availability of funds as a result of a material adverse change to the Companys financial position or results of operations. The Company was in compliance with its financial covenants under the loan agreement as of December31, 2015.The Company incurs interest costs, which include interest, maintenance fees and bank charges. The amount of costs incurred, capitalized, and expensed for the years ended December31, 2015, 2014and 2013, consisted of the  costs incurred$1,133$953$1,019Less: Interest   and ContingenciesLeasesCertain properties occupied by the Company are leased. The leases expire at various dates through 2023 and generally require the Company to assume the obligations for insurance, property taxes and maintenance of the facilities.Rental expense for 2015, 2014and 2013with respect to all leased property was approximately $66 million, $69 millionand $69 million, respectively.At December31, 2015, minimum rental commitments under all non-cancelable leases were as  of these minimum rental commitments contain renewal options and provide for periodic rental adjustments based on changes in the consumer price index or current market rental rates. Other rental commitments provide options to cancel early without penalty. Future minimum rental payments, under the earliest cancellation options, are included in minimum rental commitments in the table above.Other Contractual ObligationsPurchase obligations consist of commitments primarily related to the acquisition, construction or expansion of facilities and equipment, consulting agreements, and minimum purchase quantities of certain raw materials. The Company is not a party to any long-term supply contracts with respect to the purchase of raw materials or finished goods. Debt interest obligations include interest payments on fixed-term debt, line-of-credit borrowings and annual facility fees on the Companys primary line-of-credit facility. Interest on line-of-credit facilities was estimated based on historical borrowings and repayment patterns69At December31, 2015, other contractual obligations were as follows:20162017TotalPurchase  interest  RelationsApproximately 13%of the Companys employees are represented by labor unions and are covered by collective bargaining agreements. The Companys facility in San Bernardino County, California, has twoof the Company collective bargaining agreements, onewith tool and die craftsmen and maintenance workers, and the other with sheetmetal workers. These twocontracts expire in February 2017 and June2018, respectively. The Companys facility in Stockton, California, is also a union facility with two collective bargaining agreements, which also cover tool and die craftsmen and maintenance workers and sheetmetal workers. These two contracts will expire in July and September2019, respectively.EnvironmentalThe Companys policy with regard to environmental liabilities is to accrue for future environmental assessments and remediation costs when information becomes available that indicates that it is probable that the Company is liable for any related claims and assessments and the amount of the liability is reasonably estimable. The Company does not believe that any such matters will have a material adverse effect on the Companys financial condition, cash flows or results of operations.LitigationFrom time to time, the Company is involved in various legal proceedings and other matters arising in the normal course of business. At this time, the Company is not a party to any legal proceedings, which the Company expects individually or in the aggregate to have a material adverse effect on the Companys financial condition, cash flows or results of operations. Nonetheless, the resolution of any claim or litigation is subject to inherent uncertainty and could have a material adverse effect on the Companys financial condition, cash flows or results of operations.Other Corrosion, hydrogen enbrittlement, cracking, material hardness, wood pressure-treating chemicals, misinstallations, misuse, design and assembly flaws, manufacturing defects, labeling defects, product formula defects, inaccurate chemical mixes, adulteration, environmental conditions, or other factors can contribute to failure of fasteners, connectors, anchors, adhesives, specialty chemicals, such as fiber reinforced polymers, and tool products. In addition, inaccuracies may occur in product information, descriptions and instructions found in catalogs, packaging, data sheets, and the Companys website. The Company has not incurred any material liability resulting from any such failures and/or inaccuracies709.Income TaxesThe provision for income taxes from operations consisted of the  and loss from operations before income taxes for the years ended December31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, consisted of the  between the statutory federal income tax rates and the Companys effective income tax rates as a percentage of income before income taxes for its operations were as  tax rate350%350%350%State taxes, net of federal benefit33%30%30%Tax benefit of domestic manufacturing  in valuation  between United States statutory and foreign local tax rates02%04%01%Change in uncertain tax  income tax rate375%360%375%71The tax effects of the significant temporary differences that constitute the deferred tax assets and liabilities at December31, 2015and 2014, respectively, were as  deferred tax assets liabilitiesState tax$1,762$1,685Workers compensation1,7771,586Health claims746651Vacation liability1,4101,211Allowance for doubtful  incentive and advertising allowances963757Stock-based  foreign exchange gain or loss247102Other,  deferred tax assets  and other intangibles  compensation2,2073,315Accrued pension liabilities1,276Foreign tax credit carryforwards1,345Uncertain tax positions unrecognized tax benefits134623Non-United States tax loss carry forward7,0826,506Tax effect on cumulative translation  valuation  total deferred tax assets as of December31, 2015and 2014, were $226 millionand $220 million, respectively. The total deferred tax liabilities as of December31, 2015and 2014, were $205 millionand $168 million, respectively.At December31, 2015, the Company had $311 millionof pre-tax loss carryforwards in various non-United States taxing jurisdictions, which includes approximately $59 millionthat were generated by the Companys Beijing and Thailand subsidiaries that are in the process of liquidating. Tax loss carryforwards of $07 million, $16 million, $14 million, $23 millionand $17 millionwill expire in 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019 and 2020, respectively, if not used. The remaining tax losses can be carried forward indefinitely.At December31, 2015, and 2014, the Company had deferred tax valuation allowances of $76 millionand $68 million, respectively. The valuation allowance increased $08 millionand $13 millionfor the years ended December31, 2015and 2014, respectively. The Company does not provide for federal income taxes on the undistributed earnings of its international subsidiaries because such earnings are reinvested and, in the Companys opinion, will continue to be reinvested indefinitely. At December31, 2015, 2014and 2013, the Company had not provided for federal income taxes on undistributed earnings of $516 million, $456 millionand $348 million, respectively, from its international subsidiaries. Should these earnings be distributed in the form of dividends or otherwise, the Company would be subject to both United States income taxes and withholding taxes in various international jurisdictions. These taxes may be partially offset by United States foreign tax credits. Determination of the related amount of unrecognized deferred United States income taxes is not practicable because of the complexities associated with this hypothetical calculation. United States federal income taxes are provided on the earnings of the Companys foreign branches, which are included in the United States federal income tax return72A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amounts of unrecognized tax benefits in 2015, 2014and 2013, respectively, was as follows, including foreign translation amounts:Reconciliation of Unrecognized Tax Benefits201520142013Balance at  based on tax positions related to prior years3107297Reductions based on tax positions related to prior  for tax positions of the current  of statute of  at  in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits at December31, 2015, 2014and 2013, are tax positions of $02 million, $00 millionand $07 million, respectively, which, if recognized, would reduce the effective tax rate.The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense, which is a continuation of the Companys historical accounting policy. During the years ended December31, 2015, 2014and 2013, accrued interest decreased by $30 thousand, $02 millionand $03 million, respectively, as a result of the reversal of accrued interest associated with the lapses of statutes of limitations. The Company had accrued $02 millionboth at December31, 2015and 2014, and $04 millionat December 31, 2013, for the potential payment of interest, before income tax benefits.At December31, 2015, the Company remained subject to United States federal income tax examinations for the tax years 2012 through 2015. In addition, the Company remained subject to state, local and foreign income tax examinations primarily for the tax years 2010 through 201510.Retirement PlansThe Company has fivedefined contribution retirement plans covering substantially all salaried employees and nonunion hourly employees. On January 1, 2015, the Simpson Manufacturing Co., Inc. 401k Profit Sharing Plan for Salaried Employees was amended, restated and superseded by the Simpson Manufacturing Co., Inc. 401k Profit Sharing Plan the Restated Plan, and the Simpson Manufacturing Co., Inc. 401k Profit Sharing Plan for Hourly Employees was merged with and incorporated into the Restated Plan. The Restated Plan, covering United States employees, provides for quarterly contributions, limited to 3% of the employees quarterly eligible compensation, that does not require Board approval and for annual contributions in amounts that the Board authorizes, subject to certain limitations, but in no event are total contributions more than the amounts permitted under the Internal Revenue Code as deductible expense. The other fourplans, covering the Companys European and Canadian employees, require the Company to make contributions ranging from 3%to 15%of the employees compensation. The total cost for these retirement plans for the years ended December31, 2015, 2014and 2013, was $95 million, $80 millionand $82 million, respectively.The Company also contributes to various industry-wide, union-sponsored pension funds for hourly employees who are union members and a statutorily required pension fund for employees in Switzerland. Payments to these funds aggregated $25 million, $23 millionand $22 millionfor the years ended December31, 2015, 2014and 2013, respectively.Settlement of Pension Withdrawal Liability Under the Company collective bargaining arrangement with the tool and die craftsman and maintenance union, the Company has been contributing to a defined-benefit pension plan. In 2014, the Company and the union formally notified the defined-benefit pension plan administrator of their intent to withdraw from the plan. In the third quarter of 2014, the plan administrator responded by issuing a demand letter informing the Company that the annual withdrawal liability payment to be made by the Company was $145,400and the payments were to be made in perpetuity.Due to the amount and duration of payments, the Company was required to calculate and record a pension expense and liability based on the annual payments in perpetuity. At December 31, 2014, the Company discounted the payment estimate using a discount rate of 45%, which approximates the credit-adjusted risk-free rate for the Company and recorded a long-term liability of $33 millionwith a corresponding defined-benefit expense in cost of sales. On a quarterly basis, the Company re-evaluated the number of years that payments are required and the discount rate used to calculate the long-term liability and adjusted it as facts and 73circumstances changed. All adjustments to the long-term liability were charged to cost of sales in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Because of the funding status of the plan, the annual withdrawal liability payments were recorded as interest expense on the long-term liability.In September of 2015, the defined-benefit pension plan trustees and the Company agreed to settle this long-term pension withdrawal liability, which at the time had a $30million balance, for $20million. As a result of the settlement, the Company reduced the long-term pension withdrawal liability by $10million with a corresponding defined benefit expense reduction in cost of sales. The $20million long-term pension withdrawal liability was fully paid as of September 30, 201511.Related Party TransactionsIn March2013, the Company extended its lease on a property in Addison,Illinois, which is co-owned by Gerald Hagel, a vice president of Simpson Strong-Tie Company Inc. since March2007. The extension is for an additional fiveyears through 2018. The Company paid $03 millionin 2013 to lease the property from Mr.Hagel and his wife, Susan Hagel, a former employee of Simpson Strong-Tie Company Inc.In 2015, the Company paid Tacit Knowledge, Inc. Tacit Knowledge, a consultant on a software implementation project, $21 millionfor its services. The Company did not make payments to Tacit Knowledge prior to 2015. The project is continuing in 2016. Chris Andrasick, the Company Director James S. Andrasicks son, co-founded Tacit Knowledge in 2002. Tacit Knowledge was sold to Newgistics, Inc. Newgistics in 2013. Chris Andrasick was hired by Newgistics in 2013, as their Chief Strategy and Innovation Officer for Digital Commerce, and he remained interim Chief Executive Officer for Tacit Knowledge into 2015, but he had no financial interest in Tacit Knowledge since the 2013 acquisition other than in his role as an officer of Newgistics. The payments that the Company made to Tacit Knowledge in 2015 were less than one-half of one percent of Newgistics consolidated gross revenues for the fiscal year ended December 31, 201512.Stock-Based Compensation PlansThe Company has onestock-based incentive plan, the 2011 Plan, which incorporates and supersedes its twoprevious plans except for awards previously granted under the two plans see Note 1 Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation. Participants are generally granted stock-based awards only if the applicable Company-wide or profit-center operating goals, or both, or strategic goals, established by the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee of the Board of Directors at the beginning of the year, are met.The fair value of each restricted stock unit award is estimated on the date of the award based on the closing market price of the underlying stock on the day preceding the date of the award, excluding the present value of the dividends that the restricted stock units do not participate in. On February1, 2016, 431,439restricted stock units were awarded at an estimated value of $3263per share, the closing price on January29, 2016. The restrictions on these awards generally lapse one quarter on each of the date of the award and the first, second and third anniversaries of the date of the award. Restrictions on certain awards to each of the Company named executive officers and certain members of the Company senior management lapse fully on the third anniversary of the date of the award. On April 21, 2015, 1,950restricted stock units were awarded to each of the Companys sixnon-employee directors at a value of $3633per share based on the closing price on April 20, 2015. There are no restrictions on the non-employee directors restricted stock units granted on April 21, 2015.The following table summarizes the Companys unvested restricted stock unit activity for the year ended December31, 2015:Sharesin   at January1,  at December31,  and expected to vest at December31, 2015515$3156$17,58474* The intrinsic value is calculated using the closing price per share of $3415, as reported by the New York Stock Exchange on December31, 2015.The total intrinsic value of restricted stock units vested during the years ended December31, 2015, 2014and 2013was $103 million, $91 millionand $57 millionrespectively, based on the market value on the award date.Nostock options were granted under the 2011 Plan in 2013, 2014or 2015.The following table summarizes the Companys stock option activity for the year ended December31, 2015:Sharesin   at January1,  and exercisable at December31, 2015523$295521$2,406* The intrinsic value represents the amount by which the fair market value of the underlying common stock exceeds the exercise price of the option, using the closing price per share of $3415, as reported by the New York Stock Exchange on December31, 2015.The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised during the three years ended December31, 2015, 2014and 2013, was $24 million, $08 millionand $26 million, respectively.As of January 1, 2015, there were 99 thousandunvested stock options with a weighted average grant-date fair value of $1033per share. These stock options vested in the first quarter of 2015 and, as of December31, 2015, the Company had nounvested stock options.As of December31, 2015, total unrecognized compensation cost of $172 millionwas related to unvested stock-based compensation arrangements under the 2011 Plan for awards made through February 2015 and those expected to be made through February 2016. The portion of this cost related to restricted stock units awarded through February 2015 is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2years. The Company also maintains a Stock Bonus Plan whereby it awards shares to employees, who do not otherwise participate in one of the Companys stock-based incentive plans. The number of shares awarded, as well as the period of service, is determined by the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee of the Board. The Company committed to issuing 10 thousandshares for 2015 and issued 16 thousandand 11 thousandshares for 2014and 2013, respectively, which resulted in pre-tax compensation charges of $07 million, $09 millionand $07 millionfor the years ended December31, 2015, 2014and 2013, respectively. These employees are also awarded cash bonuses, which are included in these charges, to compensate for their income taxes payable as a result of the stock bonuses. Shares have been issued under this plan in the year following the year in which the employee reached the tenth anniversary of employment with the Company13.Segment InformationThe Company is organized into threereporting segments. The segments are defined by the regions where the Companys products are manufactured, marketed and distributed to the Companys customers. The three regional segments are the North America segment, comprising primarily the United States and Canada, the Europe segment and the Asia/Pacific segment, comprising the Companys operations in Asia, the South Pacific and South Africa. These segments are similar in several ways, including the types of materials, the production processes, the distribution channels and the product applications.The Administrative All Other column primarily includes expenses such as self-insured workers compensation claims for employees of the Companys venting business, which was sold in 2010, stock-based compensation for certain members of management, interest expense, foreign exchange gains or losses and income tax expense, as well as revenues and expenses related to real estate activities, such as rental income and depreciation expense on the Companys property in Vacaville, California, which the Company has leased to a third party for a 10-year term expiring in August202075The following table shows certain measurements used by management to assess the performance of the segments described above as of December31, 2015, 2014and 2013,  All OtherTotal2015Net  to other segments *2,85793120,49624,284Income loss from  and  non-cash  for income  expenditures and business acquisitions, net ofcash   All OtherTotal2014Net  to other segments *4,1341,17017,93323,237Income loss from  and  of goodwill530530Significant non-cash  for income  expenditures and asset acquisitions, net ofcash   All OtherTotal2013Net  to other segments *4,73535216,33421,421Income loss from  and  of long-lived asset1,0251,025Significant non-cash  for benefit from income  expenditures and asset acquisitions, net ofcash   Sales to other segments are eliminated on consolidation.Cash collected by the Companys United States subsidiaries is routinely transferred into the Companys cash management accounts, and therefore has been included in the total assets of Administrative All Other. Cash and short-term investment balances inAdministrative All Other were $1641 million, $1674 millionand $1560 millionas of December31, 2015, 2014and 2013, respectively. As of December31, 2015, the Company had $932 million, or 360%, of its cash and cash equivalents held outside the United States in accounts belonging to the Companys various foreign operating entities. The majority of this balance is held in foreign currencies and could be subject to additional taxation if it were repatriated to the United States. The Company has no 76plans to repatriate cash and cash equivalents held outside the United States as the Company expects to use such funds for future international growth and acquisitions.The significant non-cash charges comprise compensation related to the awards under the stock-based incentive plans and the stock bonus plan. The Companys measure of profit or loss for its reportable segments is income loss from operations. The reconciling amounts between consolidated income before tax and consolidated income from operations are net interest income, which is primarily attributed to Administrative All Other.The following table shows the geographic distribution of the Companys net sales and long-lived assets as of December31, 2015, 2014and 2013,        sales and long-lived assets, net of intangible assets, are attributable to the country where the sales or manufacturing operations are located.The following table show the distribution of the Companys net sales by product for the years ended December31, 2015, 2014and 2013,    construction products include connectors, truss plates, fastening systems, fasteners and pre-fabricated shearwalls and are used for connecting and strengthening wood-based construction primarily in the residential construction market. Concrete construction products include adhesives, specialty chemicals, mechanical anchors, carbide drill bits, powder actuated tools and reinforcing fiber materials and are used for restoration, protection or strengthening concrete, masonry and steel construction in residential, industrial, commercial and infrastructure construction.No customer accounted for as much as 10%of net sales for the years ended December31, 2015, 2014and 20137714.Subsequent EventsAt its meeting on February1, 2016, the Companys Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $016per share of our common stock, estimated to be $77 millionin total. The record date for the dividend will be April7, 2016, and it will be paid on April28, 2016. At the same meeting, the Board also authorized the Company to repurchase up to $500 millionof the Companys common stock. The authorization will remain in effect through the end of 2016. See Note 115.Selected Quarterly Financial Data UnauditedThe following table sets forth selected quarterly financial data for each of the quarters in 2015and 2014:inthousands,except per share   of   and development and other  and  of goodwill38492Loss gain on sale of   income expense,  before  forincome   per common  dividends declared percommon  and diluted income per common share for each of the quarters presented above is based on the respective weighted average numbers of common and dilutive potential common shares outstanding for each quarter, and the sum of the quarters may not necessarily be equal to the full year basic and diluted net income per common share amounts78SCHEDULE IISimpson Manufacturing Co.,Inc. and SubsidiariesVALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTSfor the years ended December31, 2015, 2014and  to date December 31, 2015Allowance for doubtful  for sales  for deferred tax assets6,7541,5777567,575Year to date December 31, 2014Allowance for doubtful accounts945151167929Allowance for sales  for deferred tax assets5,5461,3971896,754Year to date December 31, 2013Allowance for doubtful  for sales  for deferred tax  9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures.During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015and through the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, there have been no transactions or events as described under Item 304b of Regulation S-K.