Item8 for financial
information about geographic areas in which we have operations.   Availability
of SEC Filings   We make available through our website our annual report on
Form10-K,
quarterly reports on
Form10-Q,
current reports on
Form8-K,
and amendments to those reports free of charge as soon as
reasonably practicable after we electronically file such
material with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our
Internet address is www.scmmicro.com. The content on our website
is not incorporated by reference into this filing.   
10 Table of Contents   
ITEM1A.
RISK
FACTORS   Our business and results of operations are subject to
numerous risks, uncertainties and other factors that you should
be aware of, some of which are described below. The risks,
uncertainties and other factors described below are not the only
ones facing our company. Additional risks, uncertainties and
other factors not presently known to us or that we currently
deem immaterial may also impair our business operations.   Any of the risk, uncertainties and other factors could have a
materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations, cash flows or product market share and
could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline
substantially.   We
have incurred operating losses and may not achieve
profitability.   We have a history of losses with an accumulated deficit of
$1917million as of December31, 2006. We may
continue to incur losses in the future and may be unable to
achieve or maintain profitability.   Our
quarterly and annual operating results will likely
fluctuate.   Our quarterly and annual operating results have varied greatly
in the past and will likely vary greatly in the future depending
upon a number of factors. Many of these factors are beyond our
control. Our revenues, gross profit and operating results may
fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter due to, among
other things   
business and economic conditions overall and in our markets   
the timing and amount of orders we receive from our customers
that may be tied to budgetary cycles, product plans or program
roll-out schedules   
cancellations or delays of customer product orders, or the loss
of a significant customer   
our ability to obtain an adequate supply of components on a
timely basis   
poor quality in the supply of our components   
delays in the manufacture of our products   
our backlog and inventory levels   
our customer and distributor inventory levels and product
returns   
competition   
new product announcements or introductions   
our ability to develop, introduce and market new products and
product enhancements on a timely basis, if at all   
our ability to successfully market and sell products into new
geographic or market segments   
the sales volume, product configuration and mix of products that
we sell   
technological changes in the markets for our products   
reductions in the average selling prices that we are able to
charge due to competition or other factors   
strategic acquisitions, sales and dispositions   
fluctuations in the value of foreign currencies against the
U.S.dollar   
the timing and amount of marketing and research and development
expenditures   
loss of key personnel;and   
costs related to events such as dispositions, organizational
restructuring, headcount reductions, litigation or write-off of
investments.   
11 Table of Contents   Due to these and other factors, our revenues may not increase or
even remain at their current levels. In particular, although we
have indicated that we believe we will be profitable for fiscal
2007 as a whole, we may not be able to reach profitability in
any quarterly period of 2007 or for the year as a whole, because
of the risks outlined above. Because a majority of our operating
expenses are fixed, a small variation in our revenues can cause
significant variations in our operational results from quarter
to quarter and our operating results may vary significantly in
future periods. Therefore, our historical results may not be a
reliable indicator of our future performance.   It is
difficult to estimate operating results prior to the end of a
quarter.   We do not typically maintain a significant level of backlog. As
a result, revenue in any quarter depends on contracts entered
into or orders booked and shipped in that quarter. Historically,
many of our customers have tended to make a significant portion
of their purchases towards the end of the quarter, in part
because they believe they are able to negotiate lower prices and
more favorable terms. This trend makes predicting revenues
difficult. The timing of closing larger orders increases the
risk of
quarter-to-quarter
fluctuation in revenues. If orders forecasted for a specific
group of customers for a particular quarter are not realized or
revenues are not otherwise recognized in that quarter, our
operating results for that quarter could be materially adversely
affected. In addition, from time to time, we may experience
unexpected increases in demand for our products resulting from
fluctuations in our customers deployment schedules as they
implement smart card-based programs. These occurrences are not
always predictable and can have a significant impact on our
results in the period in which they occur.   Our
listing on both the NASDAQ Stock Market and the Prime Standard
of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange exposes our stock price to
additional risks of fluctuation.   Our common stock is listed both on the NASDAQ Stock Market and
the Prime Standard of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and we
typically experience a significant volume of our trading on the
Prime Standard. Because of this, factors that would not
otherwise affect a stock traded solely on the NASDAQ Stock
Market may cause our stock price to fluctuate. For example,
European investors may react differently and more positively or
negatively than investors in the United States to events such as
acquisitions, dispositions, one-time charges and higher or lower
than expected revenue or earnings announcements. A positive or
negative reaction by investors in Europe to such events could
cause our stock price to increase or decrease significantly. The
European economy and market conditions in general, or downturns
on the Prime Standard specifically, regardless of the NASDAQ
Stock Market conditions, also could negatively impact our stock
price.   Our
stock price has been and is likely to remain
volatile.   Over the past few years, the NASDAQ Stock Market and the Prime
Standard of the Frankfurt Exchange have experienced significant
price and volume fluctuations that have particularly affected
the market prices of the stocks of technology companies.
Volatility in our stock price on either or both exchanges may
result from a number of factors, including, among others   
low volumes of trading activity in our stock, particular in the
U.S.   
variations in our or our competitors financial
and/or
operational results   
the fluctuation in market value of comparable companies in any
of our markets   
expected, perceived or announced relationships or transactions
with third parties   
comments and forecasts by securities analysts   
trading patterns of our stock on the NASDAQ Stock Market or
Prime Standard of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange   
the inclusion or removal of our stock from market indices, such
as groups of technology stocks or other indices   
loss of key personnel   
12 Table of Contents   
announcements of technological innovations or new products by us
or our competitors   
announcements of dispositions, organizational restructuring,
headcount reductions, litigation or write-off of investments   
litigation developments;and   
general market downturns.   In the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the
market price of their stock have been the object of securities
class action litigation. If we were the object of securities
class action litigation, it could result in substantial costs
and a diversion of our managements attention and resources.   A
significant portion of our sales typically comes from a small
number of customers and the loss of one or more of these
customers or variability in the timing of orders could
negatively impact our operating results.   Our products are generally targeted at OEM customers in the
consumer electronics, digital photography and computer
industries, as well as the government sector and corporate
enterprises. Sales to a relatively small number of customers
historically have accounted for a significant percentage of our
revenues. For example, sales to our top ten customers accounted
for approximately 53% of revenue in 2006, 54% of revenue in 2005
and 54% of revenue in 2004. We expect that sales of our products
to a relatively small number of customers will continue to
account for a high percentage of our total sales for the
foreseeable future, particularly in our Flash Media Reader
business. The loss of a customer or reduction of orders from a
significant customer, including those due to product performance
issues, changes in customer buying patterns, or market, economic
or competitive conditions in our market segments, would increase
our dependence on a smaller group of our remaining customers.
Likewise, variations in the timing or patterns of customer
orders could also increase our dependence on other customers in
any particular period. Dependence on a small number of customers
and variations in order levels period to period could result in
decreased revenues, decreased margins,
and/or
inventory or receivables write-offs and otherwise harm our
business and operating results.   Sales
of our products depend on the development of emerging
applications in our target markets.   We sell our products primarily to address emerging applications
that have not yet reached a stage of mass adoption or
deployment. For example, we sell our smart card readers for use
in
e-passport
programs in Europe and for authentication of personnel within
various U.S.government agencies, both of which are new
applications that are not yet widely implemented. If demand for
products for applications such as these does not develop further
and grow sufficiently, our revenue and gross profit margins
could decline or fail to grow. We cannot predict the future
growth rate, if any, or size or composition of the market for
any of our products. Our target markets have not consistently
grown or developed as quickly as we had expected, and we have
experienced delays in the development of new products designed
to take advantage of new market opportunities. Since new target
markets are still evolving, it is difficult to assess the
competitive environment or the size of the market that may
develop. The demand and market acceptance for our products, as
is common for new technologies, is subject to high levels of
uncertainty and risk and may be influenced by various factors,
including, but not limited to, the following   
general economic conditions   
the ability of our competitors to develop and market competitive
solutions for emerging applications in our target markets and
our ability to win business in advance of and against such
competition   
the adoption
and/or
continuation of industry or government regulations or policies
requiring the use of products such as our smart card readers   
the timing of adoption of smart cards by the U.S. and other
governments, European banks and other enterprises for large
scale security programs beyond those in place today   
13 Table of Contents   
the ability of financial institutions, corporate enterprises,
the U.S.government and other governments to agree on
industry specifications and to develop and deploy smart
card-based applications that will drive demand for smart card
readers such as ours;and   
the ability of high capacity flash memory cards to drive demand
for digital media readers, such as ours, that enable rapid
transfer of large amounts of data, for example digital
photographs.   Our
products may have defects, which could damage our reputation,
decrease market acceptance of our products, cause us to lose
customers and revenue and result in costly litigation or
liability.   Products such as our smart card readers and digital media
readers may contain defects for many reasons, including
defective design or manufacture, defective material or software
interoperability issues. Often, these defects are not detected
until after the products have been shipped. If any of our
products contain defects or perceived defects or have
reliability, quality or compatibility problems or perceived
problems, our reputation might be damaged significantly, we
could lose or experience a delay in market acceptance of the
affected product or products and we might be unable to retain
existing customers or attract new customers. In addition, these
defects could interrupt or delay sales or our ability to
recognize revenue for products shipped. In the event of an
actual or perceived defect or other problem, we may need to
invest significant capital, technical, managerial and other
resources to investigate and correct the potential defect or
problem and potentially divert these resources from other
development efforts. If we are unable to provide a solution to
the potential defect or problem that is acceptable to our
customers, we may be required to incur substantial product
recall, repair and replacement and even litigation costs. These
costs could have a material adverse effect on our business and
operating results.   In addition, because our customers rely on our PC Security
products to prevent unauthorized access to PCs, networks or
facilities, a malfunction of or design defect in our products
or even a perceived defect could result in legal or warranty
claims against us for damages resulting from security breaches.
If such claims are adversely decided against us, the potential
liability could be substantial and have a material adverse
effect on our business and operating results. Furthermore, the
publicity associated with any such claim, whether or not decided
against us, could adversely affect our reputation. In addition,
a well-publicized security breach involving smart card-based and
other security systems could adversely affect the markets
perception of products like ours in general, or our products in
particular, regardless of whether the breach is actual or
attributable to our products. Any of the foregoing events could
cause demand for our products to decline, which would cause our
business and operating results to suffer.   If we
do not accurately anticipate the correct mix of products that
will be sold, we may be required to record charges related to
excess inventories.   Due to the unpredictable nature of the demand for our products,
we are required to place orders with our suppliers for
components, finished products and services in advance of actual
customer commitments to purchase these products. Significant
unanticipated fluctuations in demand could result in costly
excess production or inventories. In order to minimize the
negative financial impact of excess production, we may be
required to significantly reduce the sales price of the product
to increase demand, which in turn could result in a reduction in
the value of the original inventory purchase. If we were to
determine that we could not utilize or sell this inventory, we
may be required to write down its value, which we have done in
the past. Writing down inventory or reducing product prices
could adversely impact our cost of revenues and financial
condition.   Our
business could suffer if our third-party manufacturers cannot
meet production requirements.   Our products are manufactured outside the United States by
contract manufacturers. Our reliance on foreign manufacturing
poses a number of risks, including, but not limited to   
difficulties in staffing   
currency fluctuations   
potentially adverse tax consequences   
14 Table of Contents   
unexpected changes in regulatory requirements   
tariffs and other trade barriers   
political and economic instability   
lack of control over the manufacturing process and ultimately
over the quality of our products   
late delivery of our products, whether because of limited access
to our product components, transportation delays and
interruptions, difficulties in staffing, or disruptions such as
natural disasters   
capacity limitations of our manufacturers, particularly in the
context of new large contracts for our products, whether because
our manufacturers lack the required capacity or are unwilling to
produce the quantities we desire;and   
obsolescence of our hardware products at the end of the
manufacturing cycle.   In the second half of 2005 we shifted all product and component
manufacturing previously performed by our employees to contract
manufacturers, while continuing to manage demand planning,
procurement and other related activities within SCM. The
exclusive use of contract manufacturing reduces the flexibility
we have in our operations and requires us to exercise strong
planning and management in order to ensure that our products are
manufactured on schedule, to correct specifications and to a
high standard of quality. If any of our contract manufacturers
cannot meet our production requirements, we may be required to
rely on other contract manufacturing sources or identify and
qualify new contract manufacturers. We may be unable to identify
or qualify new contract manufacturers in a timely manner or at
all or with reasonable terms and these new manufacturers may not
allocate sufficient capacity to us in order to meet our
requirements. Any significant delay in our ability to obtain
adequate supplies of our products from our current or
alternative manufacturers would materially and adversely affect
our business and operating results. In addition, if we are not
successful at managing the contract manufacturing process, the
quality of our products could be jeopardized or inventories
could be too low or too high, which could result in damage to
our reputation with our customers and in the marketplace, as
well as possible write-offs of excess inventory.   We
have a limited number of suppliers of key components, and may
experience difficulties in obtaining components for which there
is significant demand.   We rely upon a limited number of suppliers of several key
components of our products. For example, we currently utilize
the foundry services of Atmel and Samsung to produce our ASICs
for smart cards readers; we use chips and antenna components
from Philips in our contactless smart card readers; and we use
various mechanical components in our smart card readers from
TaiSol Electronics. Our reliance on a limited number of
suppliers may expose us to various risks including, without
limitation, an inadequate supply of components, price increases,
late deliveries and poor component quality. This could result in
components not being available to us in a timely manner or at
all, particularly if larger companies have ordered more
significant volumes of those components, or in higher prices
being charged for components. Disruption or termination of the
supply of components or software used in our products could
delay shipments of these products. These delays could have a
material adverse effect on our business and operating results
and could also damage relationships with current and prospective
customers.   Our
future success will depend on our ability to keep pace with
technological change and meet the needs of our target markets
and customers.   The markets for our products are characterized by rapidly
changing technology and the need to meet market requirements and
to differentiate our products through technological
enhancements, and in some cases, price. Our customers
needs change, new technologies are introduced into the market,
and industry standards are still evolving. As a result, product
life cycles are often short and difficult to predict, and
frequently we must develop new products quickly in order to
remain competitive in light of new market requirements. Rapid
changes in technology, or the adoption of new industry
standards, could render our existing products obsolete and
unmarketable. If a product is deemed to be obsolete or
unmarketable, then we might have to reduce revenue expectations
or write down inventories for that product.   
15 Table of Contents   Our future success will depend upon our ability to enhance our
current products and to develop and introduce new products with
clearly differentiated benefits that address the increasingly
sophisticated needs of our customers and that keep pace with
technological developments, new competitive product offerings
and emerging industry standards. We must be able to demonstrate
that our products have features or functions that are clearly
differentiated from existing or anticipated competitive
offerings, or we may be unsuccessful in selling these products.
In addition, in cases where we are selected to supply products
based on features or capabilities that are still under
development, we must be able to complete our product design and
delivery process on a timely basis, or risk losing current and
any future revenue from those products. In developing our
products, we must collaborate closely with our customers,
suppliers and other strategic partners to ensure that critical
development, marketing and distribution projects proceed in a
coordinated manner. Also, this collaboration is important
because these relationships increase our exposure to information
necessary to anticipate trends and plan product development. If
any of our current relationships terminate or otherwise
deteriorate, or if we are unable to enter into future alliances
that provide us with comparable insight into market trends, our
product development and marketing efforts may be adversely
affected, and we could lose sales. We expect that our product
development efforts will continue to require substantial
investments and we may not have sufficient resources to make the
necessary investments.   In some cases, we depend upon partners who provide one or more
components of the overall solution for a customer in conjunction
with our products. If our partners do not adapt their products
and technologies to new market or distribution requirements, or
if their products do not work well, then we may not be able to
sell our products into certain markets.   Because we operate in markets for which industry-wide standards
have not yet been fully set, it is possible that any standards
eventually adopted could prove disadvantageous to or
incompatible with our business model and product lines. If any
of the standards supported by us do not achieve or sustain
market acceptance, our business and operating results would be
materially and adversely affected.   Our
markets are highly competitive.   The markets for our products are competitive and characterized
by rapidly changing technology. We believe that the principal
competitive factors affecting the markets for our products
include   
the extent to which products must support existing industry
standards and provide interoperability   
the extent to which standards are widely adopted and product
interoperability is required within industry segments   
the extent to which products are differentiated based on
technical features, quality and reliability, ease of use,
strength of distribution channels and price;and   
the ability of suppliers to develop new products quickly to
satisfy new market and customer requirements.   We currently experience competition from a number of companies
in each of our target market segments and we believe that
competition in our markets is likely to intensify as a result of
anticipated increased demand for secure digital access products.
We may not be successful in competing against offerings from
other companies and could lose business as a result.   We also experience indirect competition from certain of our
customers who currently offer alternative products or are
expected to introduce competitive products in the future. For
example, we sell our products to many OEMs who incorporate our
products into their offerings or who resell our products in
order to provide a more complete solution to their customers. If
our OEM customers develop their own products to replace ours,
this would result in a loss of sales to those customers, as well
as increased competition for our products in the marketplace. In
addition, these OEM customers could cancel outstanding orders
for our products, which could cause us to write down inventory
already designated for those customers. We may in the future
face competition from these and other parties that develop
digital data security products based upon approaches similar to
or different from those employed by us. In addition, the market
for digital information security and access control products may
ultimately be dominated by approaches other than the approach
marketed by us.   
16 Table of Contents   Many of our current and potential competitors have significantly
greater financial, technical, marketing, purchasing and other
resources than we do. As a result, our competitors may be able
to respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies or
standards and to changes in customer requirements. Our
competitors may also be able to devote greater resources to the
development, promotion and sale of products and may be able to
deliver competitive products at a lower end user price. Current
and potential competitors have established or may establish
cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties
to increase the ability of their products to address the needs
of our prospective customers. Therefore, new competitors, or
alliances among competitors, may emerge and rapidly acquire
significant market share. Increased competition is likely to
result in price reductions, reduced operating margins and loss
of market share.   Sales
of our smart card readers to the U.S.government are
impacted by uncertainty of timelines and budgetary allocations,
as well as by the delay of standards for information technology
IT projects.   Historically, we have sold a significant proportion of our smart
card reader products to the U.S.government and we
anticipate that some portion of our future revenues will also
come from this sector. The timing of U.S.government smart
card projects is not always certain. For example, while the
U.S.government has announced plans for several new smart
card-based security projects, few have yet reached a stage of
sustained high volume card or reader deployment, in part due to
delays in reaching agreement on specifications for a new
federally mandated set of identity credentials. In addition,
government expenditures on IT projects have varied in the past
and we expect them to vary in the future. As a result of
shifting priorities in the federal budget and in the Department
of Homeland Security, U.S.government spending may be
reallocated away from IT projects, such as smart card
deployments. The slowing or delay of government projects for any
reason could negatively impact our sales.   We may
have to take back unsold inventory from our
customers.   If demand is less than anticipated, customers may ask that we
accept returned products that they do not believe they can sell.
We may determine that it is in our best interest to accept
returns in order to maintain good relations with our customers.
Returns may increase beyond present levels in the future. Once
these products have been returned, we may be required to take
additional inventory reserves to reflect the decreased market
value of slow-selling returned inventory, even if the products
are in good working order.   Large
stock holdings outside the U.S.make it difficult for us to
achieve quorum at stockholder meetings and this could restrict,
delay or prevent our ability to implement future corporate
actions, as well as have other effects, such as the delisting of
our stock from the NASDAQ Stock Market.   To achieve a quorum at a regular or special stockholder meeting,
at least one-third of all shares of our stock entitled to vote
must be present at such a meeting in person or by proxy. As of
August7, 2006, the record date for our 2006 Annual Meeting
of Stockholders, more than two-thirds of our shares outstanding
were held by retail stockholders in Germany, through German
banks and brokers. Securities regulations and customs in Germany
result in very few German banks and brokers providing our proxy
materials to our stockholders in Germany and in very few German
stockholders voting their shares even when they do receive such
materials. In addition, the absence of a routine broker
non-vote in Germany typically requires the stockholder to
return the proxy card to us before the votes it represents can
be counted for purposes of establishing a quorum.   We expect that a significant percentage of our shares will
continue to be held by retail stockholders in Germany through
German banks and brokers. As a result, it is difficult and
costly for us, and requires considerable management resources,
to achieve a quorum at annual and special meetings of our
stockholders, if we are able to do so at all. For example,
because of the large pool of shares in Germany that were not
voted, we had to adjourn our 2006 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
from its original date of October6, 2006, until
November3, 2006, in order to solicit enough votes to
achieve quorum. This resulted in additional cost and diversion
of management resources from our operations. We may not be
successful in obtaining proxies from a sufficient number of our
stockholders to constitute a quorum in the future. If we are
unable to achieve a quorum at a future annual or special meeting
of our stockholders, corporate actions requiring stockholder
approval could be restricted, delayed or even prevented. These
include, but are not limited to, actions and transactions that
may be of benefit to our stockholders, part of our strategic
plan or necessary for our corporate governance, such as
corporate mergers, acquisitions, dispositions, sales   
17 Table of Contents   or reorganizations, financings, stock incentive plans or the
election of directors. Even if we are able to achieve a quorum
for a particular meeting, some of these actions or transactions
require the approval of a majority of the total number of our
shares then outstanding, and we may not be successful in
obtaining such approval.   The future failure to hold an annual meeting of stockholders may
result in our being out of compliance with Delaware law and the
qualitative listing requirements of the NASDAQ Stock Market,
each of which requires us to hold an annual meeting of our
stockholders. Our inability to obtain a quorum at any such
meeting may not be an adequate excuse for such failure. In
accordance with Section211 of the Delaware General
Corporation Law, if there has been a failure to hold an annual
meeting, the Court of Chancery may order a meeting to be held
upon the application of any stockholder or director. Lack of
compliance with the qualitative listing requirements of the
NASDAQ Stock Market could result in the delisting of our common
stock on the NASDAQ Stock Market. Either of these events would
divert managements attention from our operations and would
likely be costly and could also have an adverse effect on the
trading price of our common stock.   We
have global operations, which require significant financial,
managerial and administrative resources.   Our business model includes the management of separate product
lines that address disparate market opportunities that are
geographically dispersed. While there is some shared technology
across our products, each product line requires significant
research and development effort to address the evolving needs of
our customers and markets. To support our development and sales
efforts, we maintain company offices and business operations in
several locations around the world, including Germany, India,
Japan and the United States. We also must manage contract
manufacturers in Singapore and China. Managing our various
development, sales, administrative and manufacturing operations
places a significant burden on our financial systems and has
resulted in a level of operational spending that is
disproportionately high compared to our current revenue levels.   Operating in diverse geographic locations also imposes
significant burdens on our managerial resources. In particular,
our management must   
divert a significant amount of time and energy to manage
employees and contractors from diverse cultural backgrounds and
who speak different languages   
travel between our different company offices   
maintain sufficient internal financial controls in multiple
geographic locations that may have different control
environments   
manage different product lines for different markets   
manage our supply and distribution channels across different
countries and business practices;and   
coordinate these efforts to produce an integrated business
effort, focus and vision.   Any failure to effectively manage our operations globally could
have a material adverse effect on our business and operating
results.   We
conduct a significant portion of our operations outside the
United States. Economic, political, regulatory and other risks
associated with international sales and operations could have an
adverse effect on our results of operation.   In addition to our corporate headquarters being located in
Germany, we conduct a substantial portion of our business in
Europe and Asia. Approximately 57% of our revenue for the year
ended December31, 2006 and approximately 58% of our
revenue for the year ended December31, 2005 were derived
from customers located outside the United States. Because a
significant number of our principal customers are located in
other countries, we anticipate that international sales will
continue to account for a substantial portion of our revenues.
As a result, a significant portion of our sales and operations
may continue to be subject to risks associated with foreign
operations, any of which could impact our sales
and/or our
operational performance. These risks include, but are not
limited to   
changes in foreign currency exchange rates   
18 Table of Contents   
changes in a specific countrys or regions political
or economic conditions and stability, particularly in emerging
markets   
unexpected changes in foreign laws and regulatory requirements   
potentially adverse tax consequences   
longer accounts receivable collection cycles   
difficulty in managing widespread sales and manufacturing
operations;and   
less effective protection of intellectual property.   Fluctuations
in the valuation of foreign currencies could result in currency
exchange losses.   A significant portion of our business is conducted in foreign
currencies, principally the euro. Fluctuations in the value of
foreign currencies relative to the U.S.dollar will
continue to cause currency exchange gains and losses. We cannot
predict the effect of exchange rate fluctuations upon future
quarterly and annual operating results. We may experience
currency losses in the future. To date, we have not adopted a
hedging program to protect us from risks associated with foreign
currency fluctuations.   Our
key personnel are critical to our business, and such key
personnel may not remain with us in the future.   We depend on the continued employment of our senior executive
officers and other key management and technical personnel. If
any of our key personnel were to leave and not be replaced with
sufficiently qualified and experienced personnel, our business
could be adversely affected.   We also believe that our future success will depend in large
part on our ability to attract and retain highly qualified
technical and management personnel. However, competition for
such personnel is intense. We may not be able to retain our key
technical and management employees or to attract, assimilate or
retain other highly qualified technical and management personnel
in the future.   Likewise, as a small, dual-traded company, we are challenged to
identify, attract and retain experienced professionals with
diverse skills and backgrounds who are qualified and willing to
serve on our Board of Directors. The increased burden of
regulatory compliance under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
creates additional liability and exposure for directors and
financial losses in our business and lack of growth in our stock
price make it difficult for us to offer attractive director
compensation packages. If we are not able to attract and retain
qualified board members, our ability to practice a high a level
of corporate governance could be impaired.   We are
subject to a lengthy sales cycle and additional delays could
result in significant fluctuations in our quarterly operating
results.   Our initial sales cycle for a new customer usually takes a
minimum of six to nine months. During this sales cycle, we may
expend substantial financial and managerial resources with no
assurance that a sale will ultimately result. The length of a
new customers sales cycle depends on a number of factors,
many of which we may not be able to control. These factors
include the customers product and technical requirements
and the level of competition we face for that customers
business. Any delays in the sales cycle for new customers could
delay or reduce our receipt of new revenue and could cause us to
expend more resources to obtain new customer wins. If we are
unsuccessful in managing sales cycles, our business could be
adversely affected.   We
face risks associated with strategic transactions.   A component of our ongoing business strategy is to seek to buy
businesses, products and technologies that complement or augment
our existing businesses, products and technologies. We have in
the past acquired or made, and from time to time in the future
may acquire or make, investments in companies, products and
technologies that we believe are complementary to our existing
businesses, products and technologies. Any future acquisition
could expose us to significant risks, including, without
limitation, the use of our limited cash balances or potentially   
19 Table of Contents   dilutive stock offerings to fund such acquisitions; costs of any
necessary financing, which may not be available on reasonable
terms or at all; accounting charges we might incur in connection
with such acquisitions; the difficulty and expense of
integrating personnel, technologies, customer, supplier and
distributor relationships, marketing efforts and facilities
acquired through acquisitions; diversion of our management
resources; failure to realize anticipated benefits; costly fees
for legal and transaction-related services and the unanticipated
assumption of liabilities. Any of the foregoing could have a
material adverse effect on our financial condition and results
of operations. We may not be successful with any such
acquisition.   Our business strategy also contemplates divesting portions of
our business from time to time, if and when we believe we would
be able to realize greater value for our stockholders in so
doing. We have in the past sold, and may from time to time in
the future sell, all or one or more portions of our business.
For example, in the second quarter of 2006, we completed the
sale of our DTV solutions business to Kudelski. Any divestiture
or disposition could expose us to significant risks, including,
without limitation, costly fees for legal and
transaction-related services; diversion of management resources;
loss of key personnel; and reduction in revenue. Further, we may
be required to retain or indemnify the buyer against certain
liabilities and obligations in connection with any such
divestiture or disposition and we may also become subject to
third party claims arising out of divestiture or disposition. In
addition, any such divestiture or disposition could result in
our recognition of an operating loss to the extent that the
proceeds received by us in the divestiture or disposition are
less than the book value of the assets sold. Regarding the sale
of our DTV solutions business in particular, risks include our
ability to collect the remaining $2million in disputed
payments for the business, and our ability to improve
operational efficiencies or reduce operating costs through the
transfer of our DTV solutions business. Failure to overcome
these risks could have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition and results of operations.   We may
be exposed to risks of intellectual property infringement by
third parties.   Our success depends significantly upon our proprietary
technology. We currently rely on a combination of patent,
copyright and trademark laws, trade secrets, confidentiality
agreements and contractual provisions to protect our proprietary
rights, which afford only limited protection. We may not be
successful in protecting our proprietary technology through
patents, it is possible that no new patents will be issued, that
our proprietary products or technologies are not patentable or
that any issued patent will fail to provide us with any
competitive advantages.   There has been a great deal of litigation in the technology
industry regarding intellectual property rights, and from time
to time we may be required to use litigation to protect our
proprietary technology. This may result in our incurring
substantial costs and we may not be successful in any such
litigation.   Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights,
unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our products
or to use our proprietary information and software without
authorization. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries
do not protect proprietary and intellectual property rights to
the same extent as do the laws of the United States. Because
many of our products are sold and a significant portion of our
business is conducted outside the United States, our exposure to
intellectual property risks may be higher. Our means of
protecting our proprietary and intellectual property rights may
not be adequate. There is a risk that our competitors will
independently develop similar technology or duplicate our
products or design around patents or other intellectual property
rights. If we are unsuccessful in protecting our intellectual
property or our products or technologies are duplicated by
others, our business could be harmed.   Changes
to financial accounting standards may affect our results of
operations and cause us to change our business
practices.   We prepare our financial statements to conform with generally
accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, in the United States.
These accounting principles are subject to interpretation by the
Financial Standards Accounting Board, the American Institute of
Certified Public Accountants, the Securities and Exchange
Commission and various other bodies formed to interpret and
create appropriate accounting rules and policies. A change in
those rules or policies could have a significant effect on our
reported results and may affect our reporting of transactions
completed before a change is announced. For example, under the
recently issued Financial Accounting Standard Board Statement
No123R, as of January1, 2006 we were required to
apply certain expense recognition   
20 Table of Contents   provisions to share-based payments to employees using the fair
value method. Adoption of SFAS123R resulted in our
recording stock option compensation expense of $06million
in fiscal year 2006. Any other changes in accounting policies in
the future may also result in significant accounting charges.
See Note2 to our consolidated financial statements
attached to the Annual Report on
Form10-K
for the expense disclosures under SFASNo123R.   We
face costs and risks associated with maintaining effective
internal controls over financial reporting.   Under Section302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, on a
quarterly basis our management is required to make certain
certifications regarding our disclosure controls and internal
controls over financial reporting. The process of maintaining
and evaluating the effectiveness of these controls is expensive,
time-consuming and requires significant attention from our
management and staff. We have found a material weakness in our
internal controls in the past and we cannot be certain in the
future that we will be able to report that our controls are
without material weakness or to complete our evaluation of those
controls in a timely fashion.   If we fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure
controls or internal control over financial reporting, we may
discover material weaknesses that we would then be required to
disclose. We may not be able to accurately or timely report on
our financial results, and we might be subject to investigation
by regulatory authorities. As a result, the financial position
of our business could be harmed; current and potential future
shareholders could lose confidence in us
and/or our
reported financial results, which may cause a negative effect on
the trading price of our common stock; and we could be exposed
to litigation or regulatory proceedings, which may be costly or
divert management attention.   In addition, all internal control systems, no matter how well
designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those
systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable
assurance with respect to the preparation and presentation of
financial statements. Projections of any evaluation of controls
effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks. Over time,
controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or
procedures.   We
face risks from litigation.   From time to time, we may be subject to litigation, which could
include claims regarding infringement of the intellectual
property rights of third parties, product defects,
employment-related claims, and claims related to acquisitions,
dispositions or restructurings. For example, in December 2005, a
complaint was filed in France against SCM Microsystems GmbH, one
of our wholly-owned subsidiaries, by Aston France S.A. alleging
participation by SCM Microsystems GmbH in the counterfeiting of
Astons conditional access modules and claiming damages in
the amount of approximately $69million. While this claim
was subsequently withdrawn, any such claims or litigation may be
time-consuming and costly, divert management resources, cause
product shipment delays, require us to redesign our products,
require us to accept returns of products and to write off
inventory, or have other adverse effects on our business. Any of
the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our
results of operations and could require us to pay significant
monetary damages.   We expect the likelihood of intellectual property infringement
and misappropriation claims may increase as the number of
products and competitors in our markets grows and as we
increasingly incorporate third-party technology into our
products. As a result of infringement claims, we could be
required to license intellectual property from a third party or
redesign our products. Licenses may not be offered when we need
them or on acceptable terms. If we do obtain licenses from third
parties, we may be required to pay license fees or royalty
payments or we may be required to license some of our
intellectual property to others in return for such licenses. If
we are unable to obtain a license that is necessary for us or
our third party manufacturers to manufacture our allegedly
infringing products, we could be required to suspend the
manufacture of products or stop our suppliers from using
processes that may infringe the rights of third parties. We may
also be unsuccessful in redesigning our products. Our suppliers
and customers may be subject to infringement claims based on
intellectual property included in our products. We have
historically agreed to indemnify our suppliers and customers for
patent infringement claims relating to our products. The scope
of this indemnity varies, but may, in some instances, include
indemnification for damages and expenses, including
attorneys fees. We may periodically engage in litigation
as a   
21 Table of Contents   result of these indemnification obligations. Our insurance
policies exclude coverage for third-party claims for patent
infringement.   We are
exposed to credit risk on our accounts receivable. This risk is
heightened in times of economic weakness.   We distribute our products both through third-party resellers
and directly to certain customers. A substantial majority of our
outstanding trade receivables are not covered by collateral or
credit insurance. We may not be able to monitor and limit our
exposure to credit risk on our trade and non-trade receivables,
we may not be effective in limiting credit risk and avoiding
losses. Additionally, if the global economy and regional
economies deteriorate, one or more of our customers could
experience a weakened financial condition and we could incur a
material loss or losses as a result.   Provisions
in our agreements, charter documents, Delaware law and our
rights plan may delay or prevent our acquisition by another
company, which could decrease the value of your
shares.   Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and Delaware law
contain provisions that could make it more difficult for a third
party to acquire us or enter into a material transaction with us
without the consent of our Board of Directors. These provisions
include a classified Board of Directors and limitations on
actions by our stockholders by written consent. Delaware law
imposes some restrictions on mergers and other business
combinations between us and any holder of 15% or more of our
outstanding common stock. In addition, our Board of Directors
has the right to issue preferred stock without stockholder
approval, which could be used to dilute the stock ownership of a
potential hostile acquirer.   We have adopted a stockholder rights plan. The triggering and
exercise of the rights would cause substantial dilution to a
person or group that attempts to acquire us on terms or in a
manner not approved by our Board of Directors, except pursuant
to an offer conditioned upon redemption of the rights. While the
rights are not intended to prevent a takeover of our company,
they may have the effect of rendering more difficult or
discouraging an acquisition of us that was deemed to be
undesirable by our Board of Directors.   These provisions will apply even if the offer were to be
considered adequate by some of our stockholders. Also, because
these provisions may be deemed to discourage a change of
control, they could decrease the value of our common stock.   
Item1   Business   1
Item1A   Risk
Factors   11
Item1B   Unresolved Staff
Comments   22
Item2   
Properties   22
Item3   Legal
Proceedings   22
Item4.
PROPERTIES   Our corporate headquarters are in Ismaning, Germany, where we
lease approximately 36,000square feet pursuant to a lease
agreement that expires November15, 2008. We also lease
small sales and marketing facilities in California and in Japan.
We own a research and development facility of approximately
17,600square feet in Chennai, India. We consider these
properties as adequate for our business needs.   We also lease approximately 69,000square feet at a
facility in Guilford, Connecticut, where the lease term expires
February 2011. During 2003, we discontinued operations at the
Guilford facility and we are currently attempting to sublease
the unused space. We lease premises of approximately
11,200square feet in the U.K. where the lease term expires
September 2016. During 2003, we discontinued operations in the
U.K. Currently, we have subleased the premises for a part of the
remaining leasing period to an unrelated business.   
ITEM3.
LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS   From time to time, we could be subject to claims arising in the
ordinary course of business or could be a defendant in lawsuits.
While the outcome of such claims or other proceedings cannot be
predicted with certainty, our management currently expects that
any such liabilities, to the extent not provided for by
insurance or otherwise, would not have a material adverse effect
on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.   
22 Table of Contents   In December 2005, a complaint was filed in France against SCM
Microsystems GmbH SCM GmbH, one of our
wholly-owned subsidiaries, by Aston France S.A.S., alleging
participation by SCM GmbH in the counterfeiting of Astons
conditional access modules. Aston was one of SCM GmbHs
Digital Television customers until November 2002, when SCM GmbH
entered into a settlement agreement the 2002
Settlement with Aston that included SCM GmbHs
agreement to cancel binding orders made by Aston and the return
by Aston of unsold inventory to SCM GmbH. In April 2005, SCM
GmbH entered into an agreement with Aston whereby Aston agreed
to iseek a refund from the French government for
approximately $47million in value added taxes that
SCMGmbH had paid to the French government with respect to
products that Aston purchased from SCM GmbH prior to November
2002 and iiremit the refunded amount to SCM GmbH. On
October13, 2005 the French government refunded
approximately $47million the VAT Refund to
Aston, but Aston did not remit such amount to SCM GmbH.   In its complaint, Aston claimed damages in the amount of
EUR57million. Further, in November 2005 Aston
obtained a preliminary injunction in France to block a payment
obligation by Aston to SCM GmbH of the VAT Refund. On
February2, 2006, SCM GmbH filed a counterclaim against
Aston in Germany alleging damages in the amount of approximately
EUR115million resulting from Astons
fraudulent misrepresentation and breach of contract in
connection with the 2002 Settlement.   On June6, 2006, following a court decision in favor of SCM
GmbH, Aston paid to SCM GmbH the full amount of the VAT Refund,
including currency gains, in the amount of US$5million.   Effective January22, 2007, all disputes between and among
the parties were settled and withdrawn, with no further payment
between the parties, apart from reimbursement in a nominal
amount from SCM GmbH to Aston of court awarded legal fees
previously paid by Aston to SCM GmbH.   
ITEM4.
SUBMISSION
OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS   For information related to matters submitted to a vote of our
security holders at our annual meeting held on November3,
2006, please see PartII, Item4 of our quarterly
report on
Form10-Q
for the quarter ended September30, 2006, filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on November14, 2006.   
23 Table of Contents   PARTII   
ITEM5.
MARKET
FOR REGISTRANTS COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES   Price
Range of Common Stock; Number of Holders; Dividends   Our common stock is quoted on the Nasdaq Stock Markets
National Market under the symbol SCMM and on the
Prime Standard of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange under the symbol
SMY. According to data available at March13,
2007, we estimate we had approximately 12,211 stockholders of
record and beneficial stockholders. The following table sets
forth the high and low closing prices of our common stock for
the periods indicated.   	
Nasdaq
Prime Standard
National Market   Quoted in Euros   High   Low   High   Low   Fiscal 2005   First Quarter
492     305     375     235   Second Quarter
350     277     270     233   Third Quarter
332     266     268     221   Fourth Quarter
342     261     289     223   Fiscal 2006   First Quarter
386     291     322     248   Second Quarter
390     291     310     226   Third Quarter
341     279     264     224   Fourth Quarter
371     298     280     227   We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common
stock or other securities. We currently anticipate that we will
retain all of our future earnings for use in the expansion and
operation of our business and do not anticipate paying any cash
dividends in the foreseeable future.   The disclosure required by Item201d of
RegulationS-K
is included in Item12 and incorporated by reference to our
2007 Proxy Statement.   Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities   None.   Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated
Purchasers   None.   
24 Table of Contents   
ITEM6.
SELECTED
FINANCIAL DATA   The table below has been restated to account for the sale of our
DTV solutions business in fiscal 2006 and the sale of our retail
Digital Media and Video business in fiscal 2003, with both
businesses treated as discontinued operations.   SCM
MICROSYSTEMS, INC.
SELECTED
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA   	
Years Ended December31   2006   2005   2004   2003   2002   In thousands, except per share data   Consolidated Statement of
Operations Data   Net revenue
33,613     27,936     30,030     31,147     43,600   Cost of revenue
21,756   17,106   17,724   18,643   29,993   Gross profit
11,857   10,830   12,306   12,504   13,607   Operating expenses:
Research and development
3,767   4,081   4,807   3,958   2,886   Selling and marketing
7,498   7,040   8,560   7,943   6,449   General and administrative
7,548   9,198   9,021   11,018   11,125   Amortization of intangibles
666   673   1,078   1,129   819   Impairment of goodwill and
intangibles
388     6,578   Restructuring and other charges
1,120   319   607   3,283   4,296   Total operating expenses
20,599   21,311   24,461   27,331   32,153   Loss from operations
8,742     10,481     12,155     14,827     18,546     Loss from investments
240     1,242     Interest income
1,350   745   806   813   823   Foreign currency gains losses and
other income expense
225     1,731   1,675     2,643   1,765     Loss from continuing operations
before income taxes
7,617     8,005     13,024     11,611     20,730     Benefit provision for income taxes
73     150     173   2,013   2,890     Loss from continuing operations
7,690     8,155     12,851     9,598     23,620     Gain loss from discontinued
operations, net of income taxes
3,508   2,109     6242     13,476     25,454     Gain loss on sale of discontinued
operations, net of income taxes
5,224   2,171     430   15,102        Net income loss
1,042     12,435        18,663        38,176        49,074     Basic and diluted loss per share
from continuing operations
049        053        083        063        152     Basic and diluted income loss per
share from discontinued operations
056     027        038        186        163     Basic and diluted net income loss
per share
007     080        121        249        315     Shares used to compute basic and
diluted income loss per share
15,638   15,532   15,402   15,317   15,597   	
December31   2006   2005   2004   2003   2002   Consolidated Balance Sheet
Data   Cash, cash equivalents and
short-term investments
36,902     32,440     46,153     55,038     55,517   Working capital1
31,967   27,371   39,161   50,700   83,997   Total assets
51,355   52,734   73,307   96,442   148,617   Total stockholders equity
35,318   32,617   46,829   63,424   100,100   
1
Working capital is defined as
current assets less current liabilities
25 Table of Contents   
ITEM7.
MANAGEMENTS
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS   The following information should be read in conjunction with
the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto
attached to this Annual Report on
Form10-K.
We also urge readers to review and consider our disclosures
describing various factors that could affect our business,
including the disclosures under the headings Risk
Factors in this Annual Report on
Form10-K.   Overview   SCM Microsystems designs, develops and sells hardware, software
and silicon solutions that enable people to conveniently and
securely access digital content and services. We sell our secure
digital access products into two market segments: PC Security
and Flash Media Readers. Our products are sold primarily to
original equipment providers, or OEMs, who typically either
bundle our products with their own solutions, or repackage our
products for resale to their customers. Our OEM customers
include: government contractors, systems integrators, large
enterprises, computer manufacturers, as well as banks and other
financial institutions for our smart card readers; and computer
and photographic equipment manufacturers for our digital media
readers. We sell and license our products through a direct sales
and marketing organization, as well as through distributors,
value added resellers and systems integrators worldwide.   On May22, 2006 we completed the sale of our DTV solutions
business to Kudelski S.A. As a result, we have accounted for the
DTV solutions business as discontinued operations, and the
statements of operations and cash flows for all periods
presented reflect the discontinuance of this business.
Previously, our operations also included a retail Digital Media
and Video business that we sold in the third quarter of 2003. As
a result of this sale and divestiture, beginning in the second
quarter of fiscal 2003, we have accounted for the retail Digital
Media and Video business as a discontinued operation, and
statements of operations for all periods presented have been
reclassified to reflect the discontinuance of this business. For
comparability, certain 2002 figures have been reclassified,
where appropriate, to conform to the financial statement
presentation used in 2003, 2004, 2005 and 2006. See Note3
to our consolidated financial statements attached to this Annual
Report on
Form10-K.   In our continuing operations, revenues have grown over the past
few quarters, but the rate and sustainability of this progress
is unpredictable due to significant variations in demand for our
products quarter to quarter. This is particularly true for our
PC Security products, many of which are targeted at new smart
card-based ID programs run by various U.S., European and Asian
governments. Sales of our smart card readers and chips for
government programs are impacted by testing and compliance
schedules of government bodies as well as roll-out schedules for
application deployments, both of which contribute to variability
in demand from quarter to quarter. Sales of our Flash Media
Reader products are less subject to this variability; however,
we are dependent on a small number of customers in both of our
primary product segments, which can result in fluctuations in
sales levels from one period to another.   We have adopted a strategy to grow revenue that is based on
introducing new PC Security and Flash Media Reader products to
address new market opportunities. During 2006, we experienced
increased demand for our smart card readers, primarily from the
government sector, where we began to provide readers for new and
emerging programs such as
e-passports
and
e-healthcare.
While we believe that
e-Passport
and other government authentication programs will continue to
grow in the future and that we will continue to play an active
role in providing smart card readers to these programs, it is
very difficult to estimate the level or timing of demand in any
given period.   In both our PC Security and Flash Media Reader businesses,
pricing pressure has increased over the last several quarters,
resulting in lower gross profits. To address an increasingly
competitive environment, we have put in place cost reduction
programs that resulted in margin improvement in the fourth
quarter of 2006 and that we believe should result in stable
margin levels going forward.   We have taken measures to reduce operating expenses over the
last several quarters, the bulk of which have been centered
around the outsourcing of our manufacturing operations and the
consolidation of facilities and functions. Beginning in October
2005, we began the closure of our Singapore manufacturing
facility and shifted the manufacturing of our products and
components to external contract manufacturers in Singapore and
China. During fiscal 2006, we completed the closure of our
Singapore office and moved all corporate finance and compliance   
26 Table of Contents   functions from California to Germany. In addition, during 2006
we reduced headcount and the use of outside contract personnel,
and further curtailed marketing expenses such as tradeshow
participation. The full effect of these cost cutting actions was
not experienced until the fourth quarter of 2006, when our GAAP
operating expenses decreased from an average of
$57million for the first three quarters of fiscal 2006 to
$35million in the fourth quarter.   Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates   Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations discusses our consolidated financial
statements, which have been prepared in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America. The preparation of these financial statements requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the
financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and
expenses during the reporting period. On an on-going basis,
management evaluates its estimates and judgments, including
those related to product returns, customer incentives, bad
debts, inventories, asset impairment, deferred tax assets,
accrued warranty reserves, restructuring costs, contingencies
and litigation. Management bases its estimates and judgments on
historical experience and on various other factors that are
believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results
of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying
values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent
from other sources. Actual results may differ from these
estimates under different assumptions or conditions.   Management believes the following critical accounting policies,
among others, affect our more significant judgments and
estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial
statements.   
We recognize product revenue upon shipment provided that risk
and title have transferred, a purchase order has been received,
collection is determined to be reasonably assured and no
significant obligations remain. Maintenance revenue is deferred
and amortized over the period of the maintenance contract.
Provisions for estimated warranty repairs and returns and
allowances are provided for at the time products are shipped. We
maintain allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses
resulting from the inability of our customers to make required
payments. If the financial condition of our customers were to
deteriorate, resulting in an impairment of their ability to make
payments, additional allowances might be required, which could
have a material impact on our results of operations.   
We typically plan our production and inventory levels based on
internal forecasts of customer demand, which are highly
unpredictable and can fluctuate substantially. We regularly
review inventory quantities on hand and record an estimated
provision for excess inventory, technical obsolescence and no
sale-ability based primarily on our historical sales and
expectations for future use. Actual demand and market conditions
may be different from those projected by our management. This
could have a material effect on our operating results and
financial position. If we were to make different judgments or
utilize different estimates, the amount and timing of our
write-down of inventories could be materially different. Excess
inventory frequently remains saleable. When excess inventory is
sold, it yields a gross profit margin of up to 100%. Sales of
excess inventory have the effect of increasing the gross profit
margin beyond that which would otherwise occur, because of
previous write-downs. Once we have written down inventory below
cost, we do not subsequently write it up.   
The carrying value of our net deferred tax assets reflects that
we have been unable to generate sufficient taxable income in
certain tax jurisdictions. A valuation allowance is provided for
deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not these items
will either expire before we are able to realize their benefit,
or that future deductibility is uncertain. Management evaluates
the realizability of the deferred tax assets quarterly. At
December31, 2006 we have recorded valuation allowances
against substantially all of our deferred tax assets. The
deferred tax assets are still available for us to use in the
future to offset taxable income, which would result in the
recognition of a tax benefit and a reduction in our effective
tax rate. Actual operating results and the underlying amount and
category of income in future years could render our current
assumptions, judgments and estimates of the realizability of
deferred tax assets inaccurate, which could have a material
impact on our financial position or results of operations.   
27 Table of Contents   
We accrue the estimated cost of product warranties during the
period of sale. While we engage in extensive product quality
programs and processes, including actively monitoring and
evaluating the quality of our component suppliers, our warranty
obligation is affected by actual warranty costs, including
material usage or service delivery costs incurred in correcting
a product failure. If actual material usage or service delivery
costs differ from our estimates, revisions to our estimated
warranty liability would be required, which could have a
material impact on our results of operations.   
During previous years, we have recorded restructuring charges as
we rationalized operations in light of strategic decisions to
align our business focus on certain markets. These measures,
which included major changes in senior management, workforce
reduction, facilities consolidation and the transfer of our
production to contract manufacturers, were largely intended to
align our capacity and infrastructure to anticipate customer
demand and to transition our operations to better cost
efficiencies. In connection with plans we have adopted, we
recorded estimated expenses for severance and outplacement
costs, lease cancellations, asset write-offs and other
restructuring costs. Statement of Financial Accounting Standard
SFAS No146, Accounting for Costs
Associated with Exit or Disposal Activities, requires that a
liability for a cost associated with an exit or disposal
activity initiated after December31, 2002 be recognized
when the liability is incurred and that the liability be
measured at fair value. Given the significance of, and the
timing of the execution of such activities, this process is
complex and involves periodic reassessments of original
estimates. We continually evaluate the adequacy of the remaining
liabilities under our restructuring initiatives. Although we
believe that these estimates accurately reflect the costs of our
restructuring and other plans, actual results may differ,
thereby requiring us to record additional provisions or reverse
a portion of such provisions.   Recent
Accounting Pronouncements   In April 2006, the Financial Accounting Standards Board
FASB issued FASB Staff Position FASB
Interpretation No46R-6 FSP
FIN46R-6, which addresses how a reporting
enterprise should determine the variability to be considered in
applying FASB Interpretation No46, Consolidation of
Variable Interest Entities, as amended
FIN46R. The variability that is considered
in applying FIN46R affects the determination of
awhether the entity is a variable interest entity,
bwhich interests are variable interests in the entity
and cwhich party, if any, is the primary beneficiary of
the variable interest entity. That variability will affect any
calculation of expected losses and expected residual returns, if
such a calculation is necessary. FSP FIN46R-6 provides
additional guidance to consider for determining variability. FSP
FIN46R-6 is effective beginning the first day of the
first reporting period beginning after June15, 2006. After
evaluating FSP FIN46R-6, we determined that there is no
impact to our consolidated financial position, results of
operations or cash flows from its adoption.   In June 2006, the FASB ratified Emerging Issues Task Force
EITF Issue
No06-03,
How Taxes Collected from Customers and Remitted to
Governmental Authorities Should Be Presented in the Income
Statement That Is, Gross Versus Net Presentation
Issue
No06-03.
Under Issue
No06-03,
a company must disclose its accounting policy regarding the
gross or net presentation of certain taxes. If taxes included in
gross revenues are significant, a company must disclose the
amount of such taxes for each period for which an income
statement is presented i.e., both interim and annual periods.
Taxes within the scope of this Issue are those that are imposed
on and concurrent with a specific revenue-producing transaction.
Taxes assessed on an entitys activities over a period of
time, such as gross receipts taxes, are not within the scope of
the issue. Issue
No06-03
is effective for the first annual or interim reporting period
beginning after December15, 2006. After evaluating Issue
No06-03,
we determined that there is no impact to our consolidated
financial position, results of operations or cash flows from its
adoption.   In July 2006, the FASB issued FASB Interpretation No48
Accounting For Uncertain Tax Positions
FIN48. FIN48 clarifies the
accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an
enterprises financial statements in accordance with FASB
Statement No109, Accounting for Income Taxes. It
prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for
the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax
position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return.
FIN48 also provides guidance on derecognition,
classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim
periods, disclosure, and transition. FIN48 is effective
for fiscal years beginning after December15, 2006.
Differences between the amounts recognized in the statements of
financial position prior to the adoption of FIN48 and the
amounts reported after adoption are to be accounted for as an
adjustment to the beginning balance of retained earnings.   
28 Table of Contents   We have completed our initial evaluation of the impact of the
January1, 2007, adoption of FIN48 and determined,
that such adoption will most likely result in a reduction of our
disclosed income taxes payable of $19million as of
December31, 2006. The expected reduction of income taxes
payable will be accounted for as an increase to the
January1, 2007 beginning balance of retained earnings. Our
expectation of the impact from the adoption of FIN48 is
subject to revision as management completes its analysis.   In September 2006, the Securities and Exchange Commission
SEC published Staff Accounting Bulletin SAB No
108. SAB108 expresses the staff views regarding the
process of quantifying financial statement misstatements. The
bulletin prescribes the use of rollover and
iron curtain approaches in quantifying
misstatements. Rollover approach quantifies a
misstatement based on the amount of the error originating in the
current year income statement. Iron curtain approach
quantifies a misstatement based on the effects of correcting the
misstatement existing in the balance sheet at the end of the
year, irrespective of the misstatements years of
origination. The statement is effective immediately. We did not
have any misstatements that were determined to be material on
the basis of either of the approaches mentioned above.   In September 2006, FASB issued SFASNo157, Fair
Value Measurements. SFAS157 defines fair value,
establishes a framework for measuring fair value in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles, and expands
disclosures about fair value measurements. The provisions of
SFAS157 are effective for the fiscal year beginning
January1, 2008. We are currently evaluating the impact of
the provisions of SFAS157 on our financial position,
results of operations and cash flows and do not believe the
impact of the adoption will be material.   Results
of Operations   The following table sets forth our statements of operations as a
percentage of net revenue for the periods indicated   	
Years Ended December31   2006   2005   2004   Net revenue
1000     1000     1000     Cost of revenue
647   612   590   Gross profit
353   388   410   Operating expenses:
Research and development
112   146   160   Selling and marketing
223   252   285   General and administrative
225   329   300   Amortization of intangibles
20   24   36   Impairment of goodwill and
intangibles
13   Restructuring and other charges
credits
33   11   20   Total operating expenses
613   763   815   Loss from operations
260     375     405     Interest income, net
40   27   27   Foreign currency gains losses
and other income expense
07     62   56     Loss from continuing operations
before income taxes
227     287     434     Benefit provision for income
taxes
02     05     06   Loss from continuing operations
229     292     428     Gain loss from discontinued
operations, net of income taxes
104   75     208     Gain loss on sale of
discontinued operations
155   78     14   Net income loss
31     445     622     
29 Table of Contents   We sell our secure digital access products into two market
segments: PC Security and Flash Media Readers.   
For the PC Security market, we offer smart card reader
technology that enables authentication of individuals for
applications such as electronic passports, electronic healthcare
cards, secure logical access to PCs and networks, and physical
access to facilities.   
For the Flash Media Reader market, we offer digital media
readers that are used to transfer digital content to and from
various flash media. These readers are primarily used in digital
photo kiosks.   Revenue   The following table sets forth our annual revenues and
year-to-year
change in revenues by product segment for the fiscal years ended
December31, 2006, 2005 and 2004   	
% Change
% Change
Fiscal
2005
Fiscal
2004
Fiscal
2006   to 2006   2005   to 2005   2004   In thousands   PC Security
Revenues
23,745   36        17,415   13        20,017   Percentage of total revenues
71     62     67     Flash Media Readers
Revenues
9,868   6        10,521   5        10,013   Percentage of total revenues
29     38     33     Total revenues
33,613   20        27,936   7        30,030   Fiscal
2006 Revenue Compared with Fiscal 2005 Revenue   Revenue for the year ended December31, 2006 was
$336million, an increase of 20% from $279million
in 2005. This increase was driven by higher demand for our PC
Security products, offset by a slight decrease in sales of Flash
Media Reader products. Sales of our PC Security products
accounted for 71% and sales of our Flash Media Reader products
accounted for 29% of total revenue in 2006.   Sales of our PC Security products increased 36% to
$237million in 2006, compared with $174million in
2005. This product line consists of smart card readers and
related chip technology that are utilized principally in
security programs where smart cards are used to identify and
authenticate people in order to control access to computers and
computer networks, buildings or other facilities, and border
entry points. Revenue in this product line is subject to
significant variability based on the size and timing of product
orders. The majority of product orders are tied to government or
corporate security projects that typically deploy our smart card
readers in one or more stages, resulting in order volumes that
can range from small to very large over a series of months or
years. In 2006, higher revenue levels were primarily the result
of higher sales of smart card readers in the United States for
U.S.government security projects as well as growth in
demand for our products in Europe primarily related to
e-passport
projects. We believe that potential growth in sales of our PC
Security products has been curtailed by the slow pace at which
new smart card programs reach a stage requiring high volumes,
which directly drives demand for our readers.   Revenue from our Flash Media Reader product line decreased 6%
from $105million in 2005 to $99million in 2006.
Flash Media Reader revenue consists of sales of digital media
readers and related ASIC technology used to provide an interface
for flash memory cards in computer printers and digital
photography kiosks, which are used to download and print digital
photos, and in consumer electronics products such as televisions
to download and view digital photos. The revenue decrease in
2006 was primarily due to a reduction in the price we were able
to charge the primary customer for one of our digital media
reader products, as the customer had decided they did not need
the advanced functionality provided by components we previously
had used in the readers. We therefore began to use simpler and
less expensive components and thus the price of the product was
lowered.   
30 Table of Contents   Fiscal
2005 Revenue Compared with Fiscal 2004 Revenue   Revenue for the year ended December31, 2005 was
$279million, down 7% from $300million in 2004.
Sales of our Security products accounted for 62% and sales of
our Flash Media Reader products accounted for 38% of total
revenue in 2005.   Sales of our PC Security products decreased 13% to
$174million in 2005, compared with $200million in
2004. Revenue in this product line is subject to significant
variability based on the size and timing primarily of product
orders. In 2005, lower revenue levels were primarily the result
of fluctuations in order levels, as well as some impact from
continued competition for business in Europe, based on price. In
particular, we experienced significantly lower sales in the
U.S.compared with the prior year period due to the timing
of orders for smart card readers for U.S.government
security projects.   Revenue from our Flash Media Reader product line increased 5%
from $100million in 2004 to $105million in 2005.
During the first half of 2005, we ceased to sell certain
products within this business, which reduced our revenue base
significantly. Beginning in the third quarter, we introduced a
new category of digital media reader products designed to be
embedded in televisions, which helped us to partially offset
this revenue loss and stabilize revenue levels.   Gross
Profit   The following table sets forth our gross profit and
year-to-year
change in gross profit by product segment for the fiscal years
ended December31, 2006, 2005 and 2004   	
% Change
% Change
Fiscal
2005
Fiscal
2004
Fiscal
2006   to 2006   2005   to 2005   2004   In thousands   PC Security
Revenues
23,745     17,415     20,017   Gross profit
9,725   59     6,120   25     8,190   Gross profit %
41     35     41     Flash Media Readers
Revenues
9,868     10,521     10,013   Gross profit
2,132   55     4,710   14     4,116   Gross profit %
22     45     41     Total:
Revenues
33,613     27,936     30,030   Gross profit
11,857   9     10,830   12     12,306   Gross profit %
35     39     41     Gross profit for 2006 was $119million, or 35% of revenue.
During 2006gross profit for our PC Security products was
impacted by increased pricing pressure, offset by the effect of
a more favorable product mix as we increased the number of
contactless readers sold, particularly for
e-passport
applications During the fourth quarter of 2006, we experienced
an increase in gross profit in our PC Security business
primarily due to better inventory management and cost reduction
programs established earlier in the year. In our Flash Media
Reader business, gross profit was impacted by pricing pressure,
as well as by an increasing proportion of lower margin products
sold.   Gross profit for 2005 was $108million, or 39% of revenue.
Our 2005 gross profit was negatively impacted by inventory
write-downs of approximately $13million in our PC
security segment, severance costs for manufacturing personnel in
our Singapore facility of $05million, as well as by
pricing pressure, mix of products sold and tooling costs.   Gross profit for 2004 was $123million, or 41% of total
revenue. Our 2004gross profit was adversely impacted by
inventory write-downs of $07million related to PC
Security product inventory and $07million related to
Flash Media Reader product inventory.   
31 Table of Contents   Our gross profit has been and will continue to be affected by a
variety of factors, including competition, the volume of sales
in any given quarter, product configuration and mix, the
availability of new products, product enhancements, software and
services, inventory write-downs and the cost and availability of
components. Accordingly, gross profit percentages are expected
to continue to fluctuate from period to period.   Operating
Expenses   Research
and Development   	
% Change
% Change
Fiscal
2005
Fiscal
2004
Fiscal
2006   to 2006   2005   to 2005   2004   In thousands   Expenses
3,767   8        4,081   15        4,807   Percentage of revenue
11     15     16     Research and development expenses consist primarily of employee
compensation and fees for the development of prototype products.
Research and development costs are primarily related to hardware
and chip development.   We focus the bulk of our research and development activities on
the development of products for new and emerging market
opportunities. In 2006, we focused primarily on the development
of smart card reader technology for the global
e-passport
market, electronic ID applications and the German
e-healthcard
program. Research and development expenses were
$38million in 2006, or 11% of revenue, compared with
$41million in 2005, or 15% of revenue, a decrease of 8%.
This decrease was primarily due to a lower level of external
resources used, as well as the offsetting effects of
approximately $02million of contributions from customer
funded development.   In 2005, research and development expenses decreased 15% from
2004 levels of $48million, which represented 16% of
revenue. This decrease was primarily due to lower headcount and
contract service costs and to the offsetting effect of customer
funded development contributions of $04million.   We expect our research and development expenses to vary based on
future project demands.   Selling
and Marketing   	
% Change
% Change
Fiscal
2005
Fiscal
2004
Fiscal
2006   to 2006   2005   to 2005   2004   In thousands   Expenses
7,498   7        7,040   18        8,560   Percentage of revenue
22     25     29     Selling and marketing expenses consist primarily of employee
compensation as well as tradeshow participation and other
marketing costs. We focus a significant proportion of our sales
and marketing activities on new and emerging market
opportunities. In 2006, these opportunities included
e-passport,
electronic ID applications and the early stages of the
e-healthcard
program in Germany. Selling and marketing expenses were
$75million in 2006, or 22% of revenue, compared with
$70million, or 25% of revenue in 2005, an increase of 7%.
The increase primarily consisted of $03million in
severance costs related to the consolidation and closure of
facilities in the third quarter of 2006, as part of the
Companys efforts to lower expenses. We expect our sales
and marketing costs will vary as we continue to align our
resources to address existing and new market opportunities.   In 2005, sales and marketing expenses decreased 18% from
$86million in 2004, which represented 29% of revenue.
This decrease was primarily the result of planned reductions in
headcount and tradeshow expenditures as part of the
Companys efforts to lower expenses.   During 2004, selling and marketing expenses decreased in the
second half of the year as we completed the launch of several
new products. While there was an overall decrease in spending,
this decrease was offset in part by increased costs associated
with the effect of foreign currency exchange related to the
payment of European employees in euros.   
32 Table of Contents   We expect our sales and marketing costs will vary as we continue
to align our resources to address existing and new market
opportunities.   General
and Administrative   	
% Change
% Change
Fiscal
2005
Fiscal
2004
Fiscal
2006   to 2006   2005   to 2005   2004   In thousands   Expenses
7,548   18        9,198   2        9,021   Percentage of revenue
22     33     30     General and administrative expenses consist primarily of
compensation expenses for employees performing our
administrative functions, professional fees arising from legal,
auditing and other consulting services.   In 2006, general and administrative expenses were
$75million, or 22% of revenue, compared with
$92million, or 33% of revenue in 2005, a decrease of 18%.
The reduction in general and administrative expenses in 2006
primarily related to the consolidation and transfer of our
corporate finance and compliance functions from the U.S.to
Germany and the transfer of local finance functions from
Singapore and the U.S.to Germany. These actions have
resulted in a more streamlined and efficient audit process and a
decrease in the number of personnel required to prepare our
financial statements. The streamlining of general and
administrative functions was accompanied by a further reduction
in expenditures for third-party professional fees. The majority
of the decrease occurred in the fourth quarter of 2006, which
also resulted in a more favorable comparison for the year as a
whole.   General and administrative expenses in 2005 were relatively
unchanged from 2004 levels. While the Company initiated cost
reduction measures in the second half of 2004, including a small
reduction in headcount and a reduction in expenditures for
third-party professional fees, these measures were partially
offset by increased costs associated with the effect of foreign
currency exchange related to the payment of European employees
in euros and increased spending related to Sarbanes-Oxley
compliance.   Amortization
of Intangibles   Amortization of intangible assets was $07million in 2006,
$07million in 2005 and $11million in 2004. Lower
amortization amounts in 2005 and 2006 reflect a lower level of
intangible assets on our balance sheet.   Impairment
of Goodwill and Intangibles   As required under SFASNo142, we evaluate the
carrying value of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible
assets on our balance sheet from time to time and we will record
a charge for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of long-lived
assets may not be recoverable.   In 2006 and 2005, no charge for impairment was recorded.   In 2004 we concluded that the carrying value of customer
relations and core technology relating to a past acquisition was
not supportable because the estimate of future cash flows
related to these intangible assets was not sufficient to recover
the carrying value of such intangibles. Accordingly, we took a
charge of $04million under SFASNo144 for
intangible asset impairment.   Restructuring
and Other Charges Credits   During 2006, we recorded restructuring and other charges of
$14million, primarily related to severance costs for
general and administrative personnel that were affected by our
decision to relocate corporate finance and compliance functions
from the U.S.to Germany and local finance functions from
the U.S.and Singapore to Germany, as well as the
outsourcing of our manufacturing operations from our Singapore
facility to contract manufacturers. Severance costs for
manufacturing personnel of approximately $03million have
been recorded in cost of revenue See Note8 to our
consolidated financial statements attached to this Annual Report
on
Form10-K.   During 2005, we incurred restructuring and other charges of
$08million, which included $02million of severance
costs related to a reduction in force of non-manufacturing
personnel at our Singapore facility, resulting   
33 Table of Contents   from our decision to outsource manufacturing operations to
contract manufacturers. Severance costs for manufacturing
personnel of $05million were recorded in cost of revenue.
See Note8 to our consolidated financial statements
attached to this Annual Report on
Form10-K.
Restructuring and other charges in 2005 also included
$01million primarily related to changes in estimates for
European tax related matters.   During 2004, we incurred restructuring and other credits related
to continuing operations of $06million, which resulted
primarily from restructuring costs related to cost reduction
actions taken by management during the second half of the year
that included employee severance charges of $06million.   Loss
from Investments   From time to time, we may make strategic investments in both
private and public companies. During each quarter, we evaluate
our investments for possible asset impairment. We examine a
number of factors, including the current economic conditions and
markets for each investment, as well as its cash position and
anticipated cash needs for the short and long term.   We had no strategic investments in 2006, 2005 or 2004 and
therefore did not record a loss or gain related to investments
during these periods.   Interest
Income, Net   Interest income, net consists of interest earned on invested
cash, offset by interest paid or accrued on outstanding debt.   Interest income resulting from cash balances was
$14million in 2006, $07million in 2005 and
$08million in 2004. Higher interest income in 2006
resulted from higher interest rates and a greater amount of cash
invested. The 2005 period includes a cumulative adjustment to
interest income taken in the second quarter for the correction
of an error in accounting for the amortization of premiums and
discounts on investments. The correction of the error resulted
in a reduction of interest income in the second quarter and the
year of 2005 of approximately $03million.   Reductions in invested cash balances in 2005 compared with 2004
were offset by higher rates of return on invested funds.   Foreign
Currency Gains and Losses and Other Income and
Expense   We recorded foreign currency exchange losses and other expense
of $02million in 2006, foreign currency exchange gains
and other income of $17million in 2005, and foreign
currency losses and other expenses of $17million in 2004.
Changes in currency valuation in all periods presented were
primarily a result of exchange rate movements between the
U.S.dollar and the euro.   During 2006, foreign currency losses were $03million, due
primarily to the devaluation of the U.S.dollar. Other
income was $01million.   During 2005, foreign currency gains were $16million, due
primarily to the revaluation of dollar holdings in an entity
where the euro is the functional currency. Other income was
$01million, primarily attributable to the settlement of
transactional tax issues in Europe.   During 2004, net foreign currency losses resulted from foreign
currency losses of $16million, due primarily to the
decrease in the value of the U.S.dollar as compared with
the euro.   Income
Taxes   In 2006 and 2005, we recorded provisions for income taxes of
$01million and $02million, respectively, primarily
resulting from taxes payable in foreign jurisdictions that are
not offset by operating loss carryforwards.   In 2004, we recorded a net benefit for income taxes of
$02million, primarily due to changes in estimates for
taxes related to foreign tax jurisdictions.   
34 Table of Contents   Discontinued
Operations   On May22, 2006, we completed the sale of substantially all
the assets and some of the liabilities associated with our DTV
solutions business to Kudelski S.A. Revenue for the DTV
solutions business was $135million, $208million
and $191million in 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively.
Operating loss for the DTV solutions business was
$13million, $19million and $66million in
2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively. Net gain loss for the DTV
solutions business in 2006, 2005 and 2004 was $30million,
$16million and $61million, respectively.   During 2003, we completed two transactions to sell our retail
Digital Media and Video business. On July25, 2003, we
completed the sale of our digital video business to Pinnacle
Systems and on August1, 2003, we completed the sale of our
retail digital media reader business to Zio Corporation.   Revenue for the retail Digital Media and Video business in 2006,
2005 and 2004 was $0, $0 and $16,000, respectively. Operating
loss for the retail Digital Media and Video business for the
same periods was $02million, $03million and
$03million, respectively. Net gain loss for the retail
Digital Media and Video business for 2006, 2005 and 2004 was
$05million, $05 million and $02million,
respectively.   During 2006, we recorded a net gain on disposal of discontinued
operations of $52million, primarily related to the sale
of the assets of the DTV solutions business.   During 2005, our net loss on disposal of discontinued operations
was $22million, of which the majority related to the
settlement of litigation with DVD Cre8, Inc. and related legal
costs.   During 2004, our net gain on disposal of discontinued operations
was $04million and included $16million of
inventory and asset recoveries, offset in part by changes in
estimate of lease commitments of $04million and legal
costs of $08million.   Liquidity
and Capital Resources   As of December31, 2006, our working capital, which we have
defined as current assets less current liabilities, was
$320million, compared to $273million as of
December31, 2005. Working capital increased in 2006 by
approximately $47million. While current assets increased
by $05million resulting from an increase in cash, cash
equivalents and short-term investments of $45million
which was mainly offset in part by a reduction in inventories of
$41million, current liabilities decreased by
$41million resulting primarily from lower accounts
payable by $11million, reduced accruals by
$26million and a decrease in income taxes payable by
$04million.   In 2006, cash and cash equivalents increased by
$184million, primarily due to the maturity of short-term
investments which have been invested short-term in cash.
Operating activities provided $02million, investing
activities provided $175million, financing activities
resulted in a positive cash flow of $03million and the
effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents was
$05million.   Cash used in continuing operations of $103million was
primarily due to a net loss before discontinued operations and
depreciation and amortization of $67million. The
remaining $36million cash used in continuing operations
resulted mainly from the net effect of changes in working
capital. Cash provided in operating activities from discontinued
operations was $105million and consisted primarily of the
$90million received in the sale of the DTV solutions
business offset in part by the value of the sold working capital
positions as well as the $50million received from Aston
for a VAT refund.   Cash provided by investing activities from continuing operations
of $140million resulted primarily from the maturity of
short-term investments of $169million, partially offset
by purchases of $29million.   Cash provided by investing activities from discontinued
operations resulted from the sale of the DTV solutions business.
The $35million represented the net book value of sold
assets and liabilities in the transaction.   Cash provided by financing activities was from the issuance of
common stock of $03million related to the Companys
employee stock purchase and stock option programs. At
December31, 2006, our outstanding stock options as a
percentage of outstanding shares were 11%, compared to 18% at
December31, 2005.   
35 Table of Contents   During 2006, we used $103million in cash to fund
continuing operations. We currently expect that our current
capital resources and available borrowings should be sufficient
to meet our operating and capital requirements through at least
the end of 2007. We may, however, seek additional debt or equity
financing prior to that time. There can be no assurance that
additional capital will be available to us on favorable terms or
at all. The sale of additional debt or equity securities may
cause dilution to existing stockholders.   Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements   We have not entered into off-balance sheet arrangements, or
issued guarantees to third parties.   Contractual
Obligations   The following summarizes expected cash requirements for
contractual obligations as of December31, 2006 in
thousands   	
Less Than 1
1-3
3-5
More Than 5
Total   Year   Years   Years   Years   Operating leases
6,284     1,795     2,368     1,038     1,083   Purchase commitments
8,635   8,635          Total Obligations
14,919     10,430     2,368     1,038     1,083   Approximately $18million of the purchase commitments
relate to the sold DTV solutions business.   ITEM7A.QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   Foreign
Currencies   We transact business in various foreign currencies and
accordingly, we are subject to exposure from adverse movements
in foreign currency exchange rates. This exposure is primarily
related to local currency denominated sales and operating
expenses in Europe, Singapore, India and Japan, where we conduct
business in both local currencies and U.S.dollars. We
assess the need to utilize financial instruments to hedge
foreign currency exposure on an ongoing basis.   Our foreign currency exchange gains and losses are primarily the
result of the revaluation of intercompany receivables/payables
denominated in U.S.dollars and trade receivables
denominated in a currency other than the functional currency
to the functional currency of the subsidiary. We have performed
a sensitivity analysis as of December31, 2006 and 2005
using a modeling technique which evaluated the hypothetical
impact of a 10% movement in the value of the U.S.dollar
compared to the functional currency of the subsidiary, with all
other variables held constant, to determine the incremental
transaction gains or losses that would have been incurred. The
foreign exchange rates used were based on market rates in effect
at December31, 2006 and 2005. The results of this
hypothetical sensitivity analysis indicated that a hypothetical
10% movement in foreign currency exchange rates would result in
increased foreign currency gains or losses of $11million
and $10million for 2006 and 2005, respectively.   Fixed
Income Investments   We do not use derivative financial instruments in our investment
portfolio. We do, however, limit our exposure to interest rate
and credit risk by establishing and strictly monitoring clear
policies and guidelines for our fixed income portfolios. At the
present time, the maximum duration of any investment in our
portfolio is limited to less than one year. The guidelines also
establish credit quality standards, limits on exposure to one
issue or issuer, as well as to the type of instrument. Due to
the limited duration and credit risk criteria we have
established, our exposure to market and credit risk is not
expected to be material.   At December31, 2006, we had $321million in cash and
cash equivalents and $48million in short-term
investments. Based on our cash and cash equivalents and short
term investments as of December31, 2006, a hypothetical
10% change in interest rates along the entire interest rate
yield curve would not be expected to materially affect the fair
value of our financial instruments that are exposed to changes
in interest rates.   
36 Table of Contents   At December31, 2005, we had $137million in cash and
cash equivalents and $188million in short-term
investments. Based on our cash and cash equivalents and short
term investments as of December31, 2005, a hypothetical
10% change in interest rates along the entire interest rate
yield curve would not materially affect the fair value of our
financial instruments that are exposed to changes in interest
rates.   
Item1   Business   1
Item1A   Risk
Factors   11
Item1B   Unresolved Staff
Comments   22
Item2   
Properties   22
Item3   Legal
Proceedings   22
Item4.
CHANGES
IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE   None.   