ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
The financial statements and supplementary financial information
required by this Item and included in this Report are listed in the Index to
Consolidated Financial Statements appearing on page F-1 and are incorporated
herein by reference. Item 1.      BUSINESS                                3
Item 2.      PROPERTIES                              10
Item 3.      LEGAL PROCEEDINGS                           11
Item 4. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
The directors and executive officers of the Company are as follows Name             Age     Position
-                                     
Dr. Henry G. Jarecki     65     Chairman of the Board of Directors
Mark N. Kaplan        68     Director
George H. McLaughlin     61     Director
Strauss Zelnick        41     Director
Andrew R. Jarecki       36     Chief Executive Officer; Director
Adam H. Slutsky        35     Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer; Director
J. Russell Leatherman     36     President; Director
Thomas A. Jarecki       33     Senior Vice President, Operations
John Ventura         38     Senior Vice President, Theater Management Systems
Nada Stirrat         33     Senior Vice President, Sales
Francesca Hauser       30     Senior Vice President, Finance & Administration
Matthew Blumberg       28     Vice President, Marketing & Product Management
Robert Gukeisen        34     Vice President, Data Services
Marc S. Hollander       39     Vice President, Systems Development
Philip Talamas        32     Vice President, Operations
Brendan P. Gow        28     Vice President, Exhibitor Relations                  
Dr. Henry G. Jarecki has been Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company
since its inception. In addition, Dr. Jarecki has been Chairman of The
Falconwood Corporation of New York Falconwood, a merchant banking and
financial services firm, since 1976. From 1969 to 1989 he was Chairman of
Mocatta Metals Corporation, a bullion dealing company. He has been on the
faculty at the Yale University School of Medicine since 1963. Dr. Jarecki is
the father of Andrew R. Jarecki and Thomas A. Jarecki.
Mark N. Kaplan has been a Director of the Company since March 1994. For more
than the past five years he has been a partner in the law firm of Skadden,
Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP. Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP
currently provides legal services to the Company. He is also a Director of the
following companies: American Biltrite Inc., Auto-By-Tel Corporation, Congoleum
Corporation, Inc., DRS Technologies, Inc., Grey Advertising Inc., International
Creative Management, Inc., The Jim Pattison Group Ltd., Monte-Carlo Grand Hotel
SAM, REFAC Technology Development Corporation, Volt Information Sciences, Inc.,
Worldwide Securities Limited, and Worldwide Special Fund N.V.
George H. McLaughlin has been a Director of the Company since March 1994. Mr.
McLaughlin is an entrepreneur in the food industry and has, from 1989 to the
present, held executive positions in the following companies: Ideal Macaroni
Company, Weiss Noodle                    24 Company, and Food Tree, Inc. In addition, Mr. McLaughlin has, since 1989, been
president of World Wide Licensing Corporation, a distributor of fashion
accessories.
Strauss Zelnick has been a Director of the Company since March 1994. Mr.
Zelnick is President and Chief Executive Officer of BMG Entertainment. Prior to
joining BMG Entertainment, Mr. Zelnick was President and Chief Executive
Officer of Crystal Dynamics, a supplier of video game software, from 1993 to
1994. Prior to joining Crystal Dynamics, he was President and Chief Operating
Officer of Twentieth Century Fox from 1989 to 1993. Mr. Zelnick is a former
member of the Board of Directors of the Motion Picture Association of America.
Andrew R. Jarecki has been Chief Executive Officer and a Director of the
Company since its inception. Prior to co-founding MovieFone, Mr. Jarecki served
as managing director of Falconwood, overseeing the firm venture capital
activities. Mr. Jarecki is the son of Dr. Henry G. Jarecki.
Adam H. Slutsky has been Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer
and a Director of the Company since its inception. Prior to co-founding
MovieFone, Mr. Slutsky was Trading Manager and Director of Industrial Marketing
for Falconwood from 1987 to 1989.
J. Russell Leatherman has been President and a Director of the Company since
its inception. Prior to co-founding MovieFone, Mr. Leatherman was an
independent film and television producer/director. Mr. Leatherman has directed
news programs and produced sports broadcasts and television specials for public
television. He also operated a production company which specialized in
producing motion picture trailers, commercials, and videos.
Thomas A. Jarecki has been Senior Vice President, Operations of the Company
since March 1997 and was Vice President, Operations of the Company since its
inception. Prior to joining the Company, he worked at Brody, White and Company
as a business analyst. Mr. Jarecki is the brother of Andrew R. Jarecki and the
son of Dr. Henry G. Jarecki.
John Ventura has been Senior Vice President, Theater Management Systems of the
Company since July 1995. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Ventura was Director
of Finance and Operations at A-Vision Entertainment, a division of Time Warner,
from 1992 to 1995. From 1989 to 1992, Mr. Ventura was TRS Manager of Gold Card
Marketing at American Express.
Nada Stirratt has been Senior Vice President, Sales since joining the Company
in November 1997. Prior to joining MovieFone, Ms. Stirratt was the Advertising
Director at Conde Nast Allure magazine.
Francesca Hauser has been Senior Vice President, Finance & Administration since
joining the Company in July 1998. Prior to joining MovieFone, Ms. Hauser was
the Controller for the New York Division of Coca-Cola Enterprises, Inc. from
1997 to 1998 and the Corporate
25 Controller for The Coca-Cola Bottling Company of
New York, Inc. from 1996 to 1997. From 1990 to 1995, Ms. Hauser held various
positions with Price Waterhouse, Ernst & Young, and The Coca-Cola Bottling
Company of New York, Inc.
Matthew Blumberg has been Vice President, Marketing & Product Management since
March 1998. Mr. Blumberg was Vice President, MovieLink from 1995 to 1998. Prior
to joining MovieFone, Mr. Blumberg was an associate with General Atlantic
Partners, a private equity investment firm, which invests in later-stage
software and online services companies, and a consultant at Mercer Management
Consulting.
Robert Gukeisen has been Vice President, Data Services since July 1998. Mr.
Gukeisen was Vice President, New Technologies from May 1995 to June 1998 and
was Vice President, Systems Development prior to that. Prior to co-founding
MovieFone, Mr. Gukeisen was a systems analyst for US Topper, a provider of
interactive telephone service, from 1986 to 1989.
Marc S. Hollander has been Vice President, Systems Development since July 1998
and was Vice President, Computer Systems since joining the Company in 1992.
From 1983 until he began working for the Company, he was a computer systems
analyst at Brody, White and Company.
Philip Talamas has been Vice President, Operations since January 1998 and was
Vice President, Technical Services since joining the Company in May 1995. Prior
to joining the Company, Mr. Talamas worked at Brody, White and Company as the
Vice President of New York Operations from 1992 to 1995.
Brendan P. Gow has been Vice President, Exhibitor Relations since joining the
Company in August 1998. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Gow was a successful
entrepreneur in Australia, having founded Voicecard, a telecommunication-based
greeting service company, and MovieFone Australia.                    26 