ITEM8.
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA   The Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and
Consolidated Financial Statements of Matrixx, including the
Notes to those statements, are included in PartIV,
 of this Annual Report on Form
10-K.   
Item1.   Business   2
Item1A.   Risk
Factors   8
Item1B.   Unresolved Staff
Comments   12
Item2.   Properties   12
Item3.   Legal
Proceedings   13
Item4.
CONTROLS
AND PROCEDURES   We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the
participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our
disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to
Rules13a-15
and 15d-15
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Based upon that
evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by
this report, our disclosure controls and procedures are
effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed
in the reports we file under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods
specified in the SEC rules and forms. This includes
communicating information required to be disclosed to
management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer to allow timely decisions regarding the
required disclosure. There were no significant changes in our
internal controls over financial reporting during our most
recently completed quarter that have materially affected, or are
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting, or other factors that could
significantly affect these controls subsequent to the date of
their evaluation, and there were no corrective actions
necessary, with regard to significant deficiencies or material
weaknesses in our controls.   
33 Table of Contents   Managements
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting   Management of the Company, including our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
as defined by
rules13a-15f
and
15d-15f
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Companys
internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. The Companys internal control over
financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that   ipertain to the maintenance of records that, in
reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company   iiprovide reasonable assurance that the transactions are
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company
are being made only in accordance with the authorizations of
management and directors of the Company;and   iiiprovide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or
timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition
of the Companys assets that could have a material effect
of the financial statements.   Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over
financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Management assessed the effectiveness of the Companys
internal control over financial reporting as of
December31, 2006. In making this assessment, management
used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal
Control-Integrated Framework.   Based on our assessment of those criteria, management believes
that the Company maintained effective internal control over
financial reporting as of December31, 2006.   Mayer Hoffman McCann,P.C., the independent registered
public accounting firm that audited the consolidated financial
statements of the Company included in this Annual Report on
Form10-K,
has issued a report on managements assessment of the
effectiveness of the Companys internal control over
financial reporting as of December31, 2006. The report is
included below in this Item under the heading Report of
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.   
34 Table of Contents   REPORT OF
INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of   Matrixx Initiatives, Inc.   We have audited managements assessment, included in the
accompanying Managements Annual Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting, that Matrixx Initiatives, Inc. and
subsidiaries the Company maintained effective
internal control over financial reporting as of
December31, 2006, based on the criteria established in
Internal Control Integrated Framework issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission. The Companys management is responsible for
maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting
and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control
over financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on managements assessment and an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Companys internal control over
financial reporting based on our audit.   We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control
over financial reporting was maintained in all material
respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of
internal control over financial reporting, evaluating
managements assessment, testing and evaluating the design
and operating effectiveness of internal control, and performing
such other procedures as we considered necessary in the
circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable
basis for our opinion.   A companys internal control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. A companys
internal control over financial reporting includes those
policies and procedures that 1pertain to the maintenance
of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
company; 2provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of
management and directors of the company; and 3provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
companys assets that could have a material effect on the
financial statements.   Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over
financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.   In our opinion, managements assessment that the Company
maintained effective internal control over financial reporting
as of December31, 2006, is fairly stated, in all material
respects, based on the criteria established in Internal
Control Integrated Framework issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all
material respects, effective internal control over financial
reporting as of December31, 2006, based on the criteria
established in Internal Control Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission.   We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the
consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended
December31, 2006 of the Company and our report dated
March13, 2007 expressed an unqualified opinion on those
consolidated financial statements.   /s/Mayer
Hoffman McCann,P.C.   MAYER HOFFMAN MCCANN P.C.   Phoenix, Arizona   March13, 2007   
35 Table of Contents   
