Item8, Note15 of this report. Each of the regional
sales organizations is supported by logistics organizations,
which manage independently operated free-on-board warehouses.
Product orders flow to our manufacturing facilities, where
products are made. Products are then shipped either directly to
customers or indirectly to customers through independently
operated warehouses in Hong Kong, the United States and the
United Kingdom. We have dedicated direct sales organizations
operating in Europe, the Americas, the Asia/ Pacific region,
Japan and Korea that serve our major original equipment
manufacturer and electronic manufacturing services customers. We
also have a large network of distributors and independent
manufacturers representatives to distribute and sell our
products around the world. We believe that maintaining a small,
highly focused, direct sales force selling products for each of
our businesses, combined with an extensive network of
distributors and manufacturers representatives, is the
most efficient way to serve our multi-market customer base.
Fairchild also maintains a dedicated marketing organization,
which consists of marketing organizations in each product group,
including tactical and strategic marketing and applications, as
well as marketing personnel located in each of the sales regions. Typically, distributors handle a wide variety of
products, including products that compete with our products, and
fill orders for many customers. Some of our sales to
distributors, primarily in North America, are made under
agreements allowing for market price fluctuations and the right
of return on unsold merchandise, subject to time and volume
limitations. The majority of these distribution agreements
contain a standard stock rotation provision allowing for minimum
levels of inventory returns. In our experience, these inventory
returns can usually be resold, although often at a discount.
Manufacturers representatives generally do not offer
products that compete directly with our products, but may carry
complementary items manufactured by others. Manufacturers
representatives, who are compensated on a commission basis, do
not maintain a product inventory; instead, their customers place
large quantity orders directly with us and are referred to
distributors for smaller orders. Research and Development Our expenditures for research and development
RD for 2002, 2001 and 2000 were
$822million, $830million and $839million,
respectively. These expenditures represented 60%, 62% and 50%
of trade 5 Table of Contents sales for 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively.
Manufacturing technology is a key determinant in the improvement
of semiconductor products. Each new generation of process
technology has resulted in products with higher speed and
greater performance, produced at lower cost. We expect
infrastructure investments made in recent years to enable us to
continue to achieve high volume, high reliability and low-cost
production using leading edge process technology. Our RD
efforts are focused in part on new and innovative packaging
solutions that make use of new assembly methods and new high
performance packaging materials, which enhance the overall
performance and value of both our new and existing products for
our customers. We are also using our RD resources to apply
new materials to some of our existing high-performance packages
in an effort to reduce manufacturing costs and simplify
manufacturing flows, including the use of Lead-free and
Halogen-free materials. Each of our product groups maintains independent
product research and development organizations, which work
closely with our corporate-level process, package and modeling
simulation development groups. These groups are located across
the globe in our factories and research centers. We work closely
with our major customers in many research and development
situations in order to increase the likelihood that our products
will be designed directly into customers products and
achieve rapid and lasting market acceptance. Manufacturing We operate 11manufacturing facilities, five
of which are front-end wafer fabrication plants in the United
States, South Korea and Singapore, and six of which are back-end
assembly and test facilities in the United States and Asia. A
discussion of property, plant and equipment by geographic region
for each of the last three years can be found in Item8,
Note15 of this report. In June of 2002, we began
construction of an assembly and test facility in Suzhou, China.
This facility is scheduled to begin production during the second
quarter of 2003. In January of 2003, we announced the closing of
our 6-inch Fab in Mountaintop, Pennsylvania. All closure
activity is anticipated to be completed by the end of 2003. Our products are manufactured and designed using
a broad range of manufacturing processes and proprietary design
methods. We use all of the prevalent function-oriented process
technologies for wafer fabrication, including CMOS, Bipolar,
BiCMOS, DMOS and non-volatile memory technologies. We use
primarily through-hole and mature and advanced surface mount
technologies in our assembly and test operations, in lead counts
from 2 to 792leads. The table below provides information about our
manufacturing facilities, products and technologies. Manufacturing Facilities   
Location
Products
Technologies   
Front-End Facilities:
Mountaintop, Pennsylvania
Discrete Power Semiconductors
MOSFET/ IGBT/ Rectifiers
6inch fab 30 micron
8inch fab 08micron
South Portland, Maine
Bipolar, CMOS and BiCMOS
Standard Linear products
OpAmps, Ground Fault Interruptors
Opto products
4-inch fab 50/30 micron
6-inch fab 30/05 micron
CMOS and BiCMOS MEMS
West Jordan, Utah
Discrete Power Semiconductors
6-inch fab 10/065 micron
20 micron DMOS
Bucheon, South Korea
Discrete Power Semiconductors, standard analog
integrated circuits
4-inch fab 50/40 micron
Bipolar
5-inch fab 20/08micron
Bipolar and DMOS
6-inch fab 20/08 micron
DMOS
Singapore
Optocoupler/infrared
Infrared die fab
6 Table of Contents   
Location
Products
Technologies   
Back-End Facilities:
Penang, Malaysia
Bipolar, CMOS and BiCMOS interface and logic
products
MDIP, SOIC, EIAJ, TSSOP, SSOP, SC-70
Cebu, the Philippines
Power and small signal discrete
TO92, SOT-23, Super SOT, SOT-223, TO220, TO263,
DPAK, SC-70, BGA, FLMP
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Optocouplers
SOIC, MFP
Wuxi, China
Infrared/ LED Lamps and Displays
T-1, T-1 3/4, SMD, Custom
Loveland, Colorado
Operational Amplifiers
Hybrid
Colorado Springs, Colorado
ADCs, DACs
TSSOP, TQFP, SOIC, SSOP, PLCC
We subcontract a minority of our wafer
fabrication needs, primarily to Advanced Semiconductor
Manufacturing Corporation, Chartered Semiconductor, Torex
Semiconductor, Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company,
Central Semiconductor Manufacturing Corporation, UMC, Maxim, and
New Japan Radio Corporation. In order to maximize our production
capacity, some of our back-end assembly and testing operations
are also subcontracted. Primary back-end subcontractors include
Amkor, AUK, Enoch, Wooseok, SPS, NS Electronics Bangkok Ltd.,
Samsung Electronics and ChipPAC. The power device business also
subcontracts some other manufacturing services from Samsung
Electronics. Our manufacturing processes use many raw
materials, including silicon wafers, copper lead frames, mold
compound, ceramic packages and various chemicals and gases. We
obtain our raw materials and supplies from a large number of
sources on a just-in-time basis. Although supplies for the raw
materials used by us are currently adequate, shortages could
occur in various essential materials due to interruption of
supply or increased demand in the industry. Backlog Backlog at December29, 2002 was
approximately $314million, up from approximately
$310million at December30, 2001. We define backlog
as firm orders or customer-provided forecasts with a customer
requested delivery date within 26weeks. In periods of
depressed demand, customers tend to rely on shorter lead times
available from suppliers, including us. In periods of increased
demand, there is a tendency towards longer lead times that has
the effect of increasing backlog and, in some instances, we may
not have manufacturing capacity sufficient to fulfill all
orders. As is customary in the semiconductor industry, we allow
orders to be canceled or deliveries delayed by customers without
penalty. Accordingly, our backlog at any time should not be used
as an indication of future revenues. Seasonality Generally, we are affected by the seasonal trends
of the semiconductor and related electronics industries.
Typically, revenues are higher in the second and fourth
quarters, lower in the first quarter due to holidays around the
world, and lower in the third quarter due to the historically
slow summer months. Throughout most of 2000, however, typical
seasonality was offset by the effects of the recovery of the
overall semiconductor market, as we recorded sequential revenue
increases in each quarter. At the end of 2000 and continuing
throughout 2002, we saw atypical quarterly revenue trends as a
result of the weakened economic conditions within the
semiconductor industry and technology sector. Competition Markets for our products are highly competitive.
Although only a few companies compete with us in all of our
product lines, we face significant competition within each of
our product lines from major international semiconductor
companies. Some of our competitors may have substantially
greater financial and other 7 Table of Contents resources with which to pursue engineering,
manufacturing, marketing and distribution of their products.
Competitors include manufacturers of standard semiconductors,
application-specific integrated circuits and fully customized
integrated circuits, as well as customers who develop their own
integrated circuit products. We compete in different product lines to various
degrees on the basis of price, technical performance, product
features, product system compatibility, customized design,
availability, quality and sales and technical support. Our
ability to compete successfully depends on elements both within
and outside of our control, including successful and timely
development of new products and manufacturing processes, product
performance and quality, manufacturing yields and product
availability, capacity availability, customer service, pricing,
industry trends and general economic trends. Trademarks and Patents Our corporate policy is to protect proprietary
products by obtaining patents for such products when
practicable. Under a technology licensing and transfer agreement
with National Semiconductor, entered into in connection with the
recapitalization of the Fairchild Semiconductor business in
1997, we acquired approximately 150 U.S.patents and
obtained perpetual, royalty-free, non-exclusive licenses on
approximately 250of National Semiconductors patents.
We acquired over 60patents as part of our acquisition of
the Raytheon semiconductor business, as well as licensing rights
similar to those granted to Fairchild by National
Semiconductor, for other semiconductor-related intellectual
property of Raytheon not directly related to its semiconductor
business. Similarly, in our acquisition of the power device
business, we acquired from Samsung Electronics a significant
number of licenses and patents, including approximately
76U.S.patents and over 1,000Korean patents. We
also received all relevant trademarks. From the acquisitions of
QT Optoelectronics, Inc. QTO, KOTA Microcircuits,
Inc. KOTA and Micro Linear and I-Cube, Inc.
I-Cube, we added in excess of
80U.S.and five foreign patents and patent
applications to our intellectual property portfolio. From the
acquisition of the discrete power products DPP
business from Intersil, we obtained over 500patents or
patent applications worldwide. We believe that we have the right to use all
technology used in the production of our products. Environmental Matters Our operations are subject to environmental laws
and regulations in the countries in which we operate that
regulate, among other things, air and water emissions and
discharges at or from our manufacturing facilities; the
generation, storage, treatment, transportation and disposal of
hazardous materials by our company; the investigation and
remediation of environmental contamination; and the release of
hazardous materials into the environment at or from properties
operated by our company and at other sites. As with other
companies engaged in like businesses, the nature of our
operations exposes our company to the risk of liabilities and
claims, regardless of fault, with respect to such matters,
including personal injury claims and civil and criminal fines. Our facilities in South Portland, Maine, and, to
a lesser extent, West Jordan, Utah, have ongoing remediation
projects to respond to releases of hazardous materials that
occurred prior to our separation from National Semiconductor.
National Semiconductor has agreed to indemnify Fairchild for the
cost of these projects, subject to limitations. Based on the
historical costs of these projects, we do not believe that
future remediation costs will be material, even without the
indemnification from National Semiconductor. Our facility in Mountaintop, Pennsylvania has an
ongoing remediation project to respond to releases of hazardous
materials that occurred prior to our acquisition of the DPP
business. Intersil has agreed to indemnify us for specific
environmental issues. A property we previously owned in Mountain View,
California is listed on the National Priorities List under the
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and
Liability Act. We acquired that property as part of the
acquisition of the Raytheon semiconductor business. Under the
terms of the acquisition agreement with Raytheon, Raytheon
retained responsibility for, and has agreed to indemnify us with
respect to, remediation costs or other liabilities related to
pre-acquisition contamination. The purchaser of the 8 Table of Contents Mountain View, California property received an
environmental indemnity from us similar in scope to the one we
received from Raytheon. Although we believe that the power device
business has no significant environmental liabilities, Samsung
Electronics agreed to indemnify Fairchild for environmental
liabilities arising out of the power device business, including
the Bucheon, South Korean plant, subject to limitations. We believe that our operations are in substantial
compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations.
Our costs to comply with environmental regulations were
immaterial for 2002, 2001 and 2000. Future laws or regulations
and changes in existing environmental laws or regulations,
however, may subject our operations to different, additional or
more stringent standards. While historically the cost of
compliance with environmental laws has not had a material
adverse effect on our results of operations, business or
financial condition, we cannot predict with certainty our future
costs of compliance because of changing standards and
requirements. Employees Our worldwide workforce consisted of 9,722 full
and part-time employees as of December29, 2002. Of the
total number of employees, 8,161 were engaged in manufacturing,
553 were engaged in marketing and sales, 674 were engaged in
corporate and product line administration and 334 were engaged
in research and development. We believe that our relations with
our employees are satisfactory. At December29, 2002, 279 of our employees
were covered by a collective bargaining agreement. These
employees are members of the Communication Workers of America/
International Union of Electronic, Electrical, Salaried Machine
and Furniture Workers, AFL-CIO, Local88177. The current
agreement with the union ends May31, 2007 and provides for
guaranteed wage and benefit levels as well as employment
security for union members. A strike or work stoppage could
impact our ability to operate if we were unable to negotiate a
new agreement with our represented employees when the existing
agreement expires. Also, our profitability could be adversely
affected if increased costs associated with any future contracts
are not recoverable through productivity improvements or price
increases. We believe that relations with our unionized
employees are satisfactory. Our wholly owned Korean subsidiary, which we
refer to as Fairchild Korea, sponsors a Power Device Business
Labor Council consisting of seven representatives from the
non-management workforce and seven members of the management
workforce. The Labor Council, under Korean law, is recognized as
a representative of the workforce for the purposes of
consultation and cooperation. The Labor Council has no right to
take a work action or to strike and is not party to any labor or
collective bargaining agreements with Fairchild Korea. We
believe that relations with Fairchild Korea employees and the
Labor Council are satisfactory. Executive Officers The following table provides information about
the executive officers of our company.   
Name
Age
Title   
Kirk P. Pond
58
Chairman of the Board of Directors, President and
Chief Executive Officer
Joseph R. Martin
55
Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors,
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Daniel E. Boxer
57
Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative
Officer, General Counsel and Secretary
Hans Wildenberg
46
Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales and
Marketing
Izak Bencuya
48
Senior Vice President and General Manager,
Discrete Products Group
Hubertus R. Engelbrechten
47
Vice President and General Manager, Integrated
Circuits Group
9 Table of Contents   
Name
Age
Title   
Laurenz Schmidt
53
Senior Vice President, Global Operations
Ernesto J. DEscoubet
58
Senior Vice President, Chief Technology and
Quality Officer
Deok J. Kim
51
Senior Vice President and General Manager, Power
Device Business, President, Fairchild Korea Semiconductor Ltd.
John M. Watkins, Jr.
60
Senior Vice President, Chief Information Officer
David A. Henry
41
Vice President of Finance, Worldwide Operations
Matthew W. Towse
40
Vice President, Treasurer
Robin A. Sawyer
35
Vice President, Corporate Controller
Kirk P. Pond, Chairman of the Board of
Directors, President and Chief Executive Officer.
Mr.Pond has been the President
of Fairchild Semiconductor since June 1996. He has over
30years of experience in the semiconductor industry. Since
1987, Mr.Pond had held several executive positions with
National Semiconductor, most recently Executive Vice President
and Chief Operating Officer. Prior executive management
positions were with Fairchild Semiconductor Corporation, Texas
Instruments and Timex Corporation. Joseph R. Martin, Vice Chairman of the Board
of Directors, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer. Mr.Martin has been the
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of
Fairchild Semiconductor since June 1996. He has 24years of
experience in the semiconductor industry. Mr.Martin had
held several senior financial positions with National
Semiconductor since 1989, most recently as Vice President of
Finance, Worldwide Operations. Prior to joining National
Semiconductor, Mr.Martin was Senior Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer of VTC Incorporated. Daniel E. Boxer, Executive Vice President and
Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary.
Mr.Boxer joined our company in
March 1997. He has practiced law for 33years and since
1975 had been a partner at the law firm of Pierce Atwood,
Portland, Maine. His practice at Pierce Atwood included advising
many large manufacturing companies, including our company, on
business, governmental, legal compliance and environmental
issues. He was most recently a senior partner and Chairman of
the firms Management Committee. Hans Wildenberg, Executive Vice President,
Worldwide Sales and Marketing.
Mr.Wildenberg joined our company in July 2001. He has over
20years of semiconductor industry experience. Prior to
joining our company he had been with Motorola for sixteen years
in various executive and management positions in Motorolas
Semiconductor Product Sector, most recently as Corporate Vice
President and Director of the order fulfillment organization. Izak Bencuya, Senior Vice President and
General Manager, Discrete Products Group.
Mr.Bencuya has been Senior Vice
President and General Manager, Discrete Products Group since
February 2000. Mr.Bencuya has worked in the semiconductor
and electronics field for 27years. Prior to his current
assignment, Mr.Bencuya spent six years as Director of
Power MOSFET Products. Mr.Bencuya also worked at GTE
Laboratories and Siliconix in various research and management
roles. Hubertus R. Engelbrechten, Vice President and
General Manager, Integrated Circuits Group.
Mr.Engelbrechten has been Vice
President, Integrated Circuits Group since November 2002. He has
over 23years of experience in the semiconductor industry.
Mr.Engelbrechten joined Fairchild from Raytheon
Semiconductor in 1998 as Director of Marketing, Analog Mixed
Signal Group. Prior to assuming his current role, he also held
positions as Vice President of Marketing, Analog Mixed Signal
Group and Vice President of Marketing, Integrated Circuits
Group. Mr.Engelbrechten has held various management
positions at National Semiconductor, DegussaAG and
SiemensAG. Laurenz Schmidt, Senior Vice President, Global
Operations. Mr.Schmidt has been
Senior Vice President, Global Operations since October 2001. He
has over 25years of experience in the semiconductor
industry. Prior to assuming his current role, he held various
management positions over the preceding eight years, including
Vice President of Wafer Fabrication Manufacturing, Vice
President of Operations for 10 Table of Contents Discrete Products Group and Managing Director of
the South Portland, Maine wafer fabrication facility. Prior to
joining Fairchild in 1983, he spent six years with Texas
Instruments. Ernesto J. DEscoubet, Senior Vice
President, Chief Technology and Quality Officer.
Mr.DEscoubet has been
Senior Vice President, Technology and Quality, since February
2000. Mr.DEscoubet has over 30years of
experience in the semiconductor industry. Prior to assuming his
current role, Mr.DEscoubet spent eight years as Vice
President of Operations for the Interface and Logic Products
Group. Prior to that, he held various management positions at
National Semiconductor and Harris Corporation. Deok J. Kim, Senior Vice President, President,
Fairchild Korea Semiconductor Ltd.
Mr.Kim became Senior Vice
President, President of Fairchild Korea Semiconductor Ltd. when
we acquired the power device business from Samsung Electronics
in April 1999. He has over 27years of experience in the
semiconductor industry. Mr.Kim joined Samsung
Electronics power device business in 1990 as director of
power product development and later became managing director and
vice president and general manager of the power device business
prior to its acquisition by Fairchild International. Before
joining Samsung Electronics, Mr.Kim held engineering and
development positions with Goldstar Semiconductor, AMI and
General Electric. John M. Watkins, Jr., Senior Vice President,
Chief Information Officer.
Mr.Watkins joined our company in March 2000. Prior to
joining our company, Mr.Watkins spent five years as Chief
Information Officer of Pratt and Whitney. In 1995,
Mr.Watkins retired as a General after eleven years in the
United States Army. His most recent assignment was as Director
of the Defense Information Systems Agency in Washington, D.C. David A. Henry, Vice President of Finance,
Worldwide Operations. Mr.Henry
was appointed to this position in November 2002. Prior to
assuming this role, Mr.Henry served for six years as our
companys Vice President, Corporate Controller. Prior to
that, he held various financial management positions with
National Semiconductor Corporation, most recently as Director of
Financial Planning and Analysis for its Fairchild Semiconductor
business. Matthew W. Towse, Vice President, Treasurer.
Mr.Towse became Treasurer in
March 1997. He had been with National Semiconductor for six
years and held various financial management positions, most
recently as Controller for the Fairchild Semiconductor plant in
South Portland, Maine. Mr.Towse previously worked for
Ernst Young and is a Certified Public Accountant. Robin A. Sawyer, Vice President, Corporate
Controller. Ms.Sawyer became
Corporate Controller in November 2002. She joined our company in
2000 as Manager of Financial Planning and Analysis. Prior to
joining our company, Ms.Sawyer was employed by Cornerstone
Brands, Inc. from 1998 to 2000 as Director of Financial Planning
and Reporting. Prior to that Ms.Sawyer worked at Baker,
Newman and Noyes, LLC and its predecessor firm, Ernst 
Young and is a Certified Public Accountant. Available Information We file annual, quarterly and special reports,
proxy statements and other information with the SEC. You may
read and copy any reports, statements and other information we
file at the SECs Public Reference Room at 450Fifth
Street, N.W., Washington,D.C. 20549. Please call
800SEC-0330 for further information on the Public
Reference Room. The SEC maintains an Internet web site that
contains reports, proxy and information statements and other
information regarding issuers that file electronically with the
SEC. Our filings are also available to the public at the web
site maintained by the SEC, http www.sec.gov. We make available, free of charge, through our
investor relations web site, our reports on Forms10-K,
10-Q and 8-K, and amendments to those reports, as soon as
reasonably practicable after they are filed with the SEC. The
address for our investor relations web site is
click on SEC
filings. 11 Table of Contents Business Risks Our business is subject to a number of risks and
uncertainties. The risks described below are not the only ones
facing our company. Additional risks not currently known to us
or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our
business operations Downturns in the highly cyclical semiconductor
industry or changes in end user market demands could reduce the
value of our business. The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical,
and the value of our business may decline during the
down portion of these cycles. Beginning in the
fourth quarter of 2000 and continuing through most of 2001, we
and the rest of the semiconductor industry experienced backlog
cancellations and reduced demand for our products, resulting in
significant revenue declines, due to excess inventories at
computer and telecommunications equipment manufacturers and
general economic conditions, especially in the technology
sector. Although we believe the trough of this most recent cycle
occurred in the third quarter of 2001, the semiconductor
industry has yet to begin a significant recovery. We may
experience renewed, possibly more severe and prolonged,
downturns in the future as a result of such cyclical changes.
Even as demand increases following such downturns, our
profitability may not increase because of price competition that
historically accompanies recoveries in demand. For example, in
2002, we sold approximately 7% more units than in 2001, yet our
revenues were essentially unchanged. In addition, we may
experience significant changes in our profitability as a result
of variations in sales, changes in product mix, changes in end
user markets and the costs associated with the introduction of
new products. The markets for our products depend on continued
demand for personal computers, cellular telephones and consumer
electronics and automotive and industrial goods, and these end
user markets may experience changes in demand that will
adversely affect our prospects. We may not be able to develop new products to
satisfy changes in consumer demands. Our failure to develop new technologies, or react
to changes in existing technologies, could materially delay
development of new products, which could result in decreased
revenues and a loss of market share to our competitors. Rapidly
changing technologies and industry standards, along with
frequent new product introductions, characterize the
semiconductor industry. Our financial performance depends on our
ability to design, develop, manufacture, assemble, test, market
and support new products and enhancements on a timely and
cost-effective basis. We may not successfully identify new
product opportunities and develop and bring new products to
market in a timely and cost-effective manner. Products or
technologies developed by other companies may render our
products or technologies obsolete or noncompetitive. Many of our
competitors are larger, older and well established international
companies with greater engineering and research and development
resources than us. A fundamental shift in technologies in our
product markets that we fail to identify or capitalize on
relative to our competitors could have a material adverse effect
on our competitive position within our industry. Our failure to protect our intellectual
property rights could adversely affect our future performance
and growth. Failure to protect our existing intellectual
property rights may result in the loss of valuable technologies
or having to pay other companies for infringing on or using
their intellectual property rights. We rely on patent, trade
secret, trademark and copyright law to protect such
technologies. Some of our technologies are not covered by any
patent or patent application, and we cannot assure you that   
the patents owned by us or numerous other patents
which third parties license to us will not be invalidated,
circumvented, challenged or licensed to other companies;
any of our pending or future patent applications
will be issued within the scope of the claims sought by us, if
at all.
In addition, effective patent, trademark,
copyright and trade secret protection may be unavailable,
limited or not applied for in some countries. 12 Table of Contents We also seek to protect our proprietary
technologies, including technologies that may not be patented or
patentable, in part by confidentiality agreements and, if
applicable, inventors rights agreements with our
collaborators, advisors, employees and consultants. We cannot
assure you that these agreements will not be breached, that we
will have adequate remedies for any breach or that such persons
or institutions will not assert rights to intellectual property
arising out of such research. Some of our technologies have been
licensed on a non-exclusive basis from National Semiconductor,
Samsung Electronics and other companies which may license such
technologies to others, including our competitors. In addition,
under a technology licensing and transfer agreement, National
Semiconductor has limited royalty-free, worldwide license rights
without right to sublicense to some of our technologies. If
necessary or desirable, we may seek licenses under patents or
intellectual property rights claimed by others. However, we
cannot assure you that we will obtain such licenses or that the
terms of any offered licenses will be acceptable to us. The
failure to obtain a license from a third party for technologies
we use could cause us to incur substantial liabilities and to
suspend the manufacture or shipment of products or our use of
processes requiring the technologies. Our failure to obtain or maintain the right to
use some technologies may negatively affect our financial
results. Our future success and competitive position
depend in part upon our ability to obtain or maintain
proprietary technologies used in our principal products, which
is achieved in part by defending claims by competitors and
others of intellectual property infringement. The semiconductor
industry is characterized by claims of intellectual property
infringement and litigation regarding patent and other
intellectual property rights. These claims relate both to
products and manufacturing processes. Even though we maintain
procedures to avoid infringing others rights as part of
our product and process development efforts, we cannot assure
you that we will be successful, or that others will agree that
our products are non-infringing. We receive direct and indirect
claims of intellectual property infringement including offers
to sell us licenses, have been involved in lawsuits, and could
become subject to other lawsuits, in which it is alleged that we
have infringed upon the patent or other intellectual property
rights of other companies. Our involvement in existing and
future intellectual property litigation, or the costs of
avoiding litigation by purchasing licenses rights or by other
means, could result in significant expense to our company,
adversely affecting sales of the challenged product or
technologies and diverting the efforts of our technical and
management personnel, whether or not such litigation is resolved
in our favor. In the event of an adverse outcome as a defendant
in any such litigation, we may be required to   
pay substantial damages;
indemnify our customers for damages they might
suffer if the products they purchase from us violate the
intellectual property rights of others;
stop our manufacture, use, sale or importation of
infringing products;
expend significant resources to develop or
acquire non-infringing technologies;
discontinue manufacturing processes; or
obtain licenses to the intellectual property we
are found to have infringed.
We cannot assure you that we would be successful
in such development or acquisition or that such licenses would
be available under reasonable terms. Any such development,
acquisition or license could require the expenditure of
substantial time and other resources. We may not be able to consummate future
acquisitions or successfully integrate acquisitions into our
business. We have made nine acquisitions of various sizes
since we became an independent company in 1997, and we plan to
pursue additional acquisitions of related businesses. We believe
the semiconductor industry is going through a period of
consolidation, and we expect to participate in this development.
The costs of acquiring and integrating related businesses, or
our failure to integrate them successfully into our existing
businesses, could 13 Table of Contents result in our company incurring unanticipated
expenses and losses. In addition, we may not be able to identify
or finance additional acquisitions or realize any anticipated
benefits from acquisitions we do complete. We are constantly pursuing acquisition
opportunities and consolidation possibilities and are in various
stages of due diligence or preliminary discussions with respect
to a number of potential transactions, some of which would be
significant. No material potential transactions are subject to a
letter of intent or otherwise so far advanced as to make the
transaction reasonably certain. If we acquire another business, the process of
integrating acquired operations into our existing operations may
result in unforeseen operating difficulties and may require
significant financial resources that would otherwise be
available for the ongoing development or expansion of existing
operations. Some of the risks associated with acquisitions
include   
unexpected losses of key employees, customers or
suppliers of the acquired company;
conforming the acquired companys standards,
processes, procedures and controls with our operations;
coordinating new product and process development;
hiring additional management and other critical
personnel;
negotiating with labor unions; and
increasing the scope, geographic diversity and
complexity of our operations.
In addition, we may encounter unforeseen
obstacles or costs in the integration of other businesses we
acquire. Possible future acquisitions could result in the
incurrence of additional debt, contingent liabilities and
amortization expenses related to goodwill and other intangible
assets, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition and operating results. We depend on suppliers for timely deliveries
of raw materials of acceptable quality. Production time and
product costs could increase if we were to lose a primary
supplier or if a primary supplier increased the prices of raw
materials. Product performance could be affected and quality
issues could develop as a result of a significant degradation in
the quality of raw materials we use in our products. Our manufacturing operations depend upon
obtaining adequate supplies of raw materials on a timely basis.
Our results of operations could be adversely affected if we were
unable to obtain adequate supplies of raw materials in a timely
manner or if the costs of raw materials increased significantly.
Results could also be adversely affected if there is a
significant degradation in the quality of raw materials used in
our products, or if the raw materials give rise to compatibility
or performance issues in our products, any of which could lead
to an increase in customer returns or product warranty claims.
Although we maintain rigorous quality control systems, errors or
defects may arise from a supplied raw material and be beyond our
detection or control. We purchase raw materials such as silicon
wafers, lead frames, mold compound, ceramic packages and
chemicals and gases from a limited number of suppliers on a
just-in-time basis. From time to time, suppliers may extend lead
times, limit supplies or increase prices due to capacity
constraints or other factors. In addition, we subcontract a
portion of our wafer fabrication and assembly and test
operations to other manufacturers, including Amkor, AUK, Enoch,
Wooseok, SPS, NS Electronics Bangkok Ltd., Samsung
Electronics, and ChipPAC. Our operations and ability to satisfy
customer obligations could be adversely affected if our
relationships with these subcontractors were disrupted or
terminated. Delays in beginning production at new
facilities, expanding capacity at existing facilities,
implementing new production techniques, or in curing problems
associated with technical equipment malfunctions, all could
adversely affect our manufacturing efficiencies. Our manufacturing efficiency is an important
factor in our profitability, and we cannot assure you that we
will be able to maintain our manufacturing efficiency or
increase manufacturing efficiency to the same extent as our
competitors. Our manufacturing processes are highly complex,
require advanced and costly equipment and are continuously being
modified in an effort to improve yields and product performance.
Impurities or 14 Table of Contents other difficulties in the manufacturing process
can lower yields. In the second quarter of 2003, we expect to
begin production at a new assembly and test facility in Suzhou,
China. We will be transferring production from subcontractors to
this new facility. In addition, we are currently engaged in an
effort to expand capacity at some of our manufacturing
facilities. As is common in the semiconductor industry, we have
from time to time experienced difficulty in beginning production
at new facilities or in completing transitions to new
manufacturing processes at existing facilities. As a
consequence, we have suffered delays in product deliveries or
reduced yields. We may experience delays or problems in bringing
the new Suzhou factory or other new manufacturing capacity to
full production. Such delays, as well as possible problems in
achieving acceptable yields, or product delivery delays relating
to existing or planned new capacity could result from, among
other things, capacity constraints, construction delays,
upgrading or expanding existing facilities or changing our
process technologies, any of which could result in a loss of
future revenues. Our operating results could also be adversely
affected by the increase in fixed costs and operating expenses
related to increases in production capacity if revenues do not
increase proportionately. More than half of our sales are made by
distributors who can terminate their relationships with us with
little or no notice. The termination of a distributor could
reduce sales and result in inventory returns. Distributors accounted for 61% of our net trade
sales for the year ended December29, 2002. Our top five
distributors worldwide accounted for 15% of our net trade sales
for the year ended December29, 2002. As a general rule, we
do not have long-term agreements with our distributors and they
may terminate their relationships with us with little or no
advance notice. Distributors generally offer competing products.
The loss of one or more of our distributors, or the decision by
one or more of them to reduce the number of our products they
offer or to carry the product lines of our competitors, could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. The termination of a
significant distributor, whether at our or the
distributors initiative, or a disruption in the operations
of one or more of our distributors, could reduce our net sales
in a given quarter and could result in an increase in inventory
returns. The semiconductor business is very
competitive, especially in the markets we serve, and increased
competition could reduce the value of an investment in our
company. The semiconductor industry is, and the
multi-market semiconductor product markets in particular are,
highly competitive. Competitors offer equivalent or similar
versions of many of our products, and customers may switch from
our products to competitors products on the basis of
price, delivery terms, product performance, quality, reliability
and customer service or a combination of any of these factors.
Competition is especially intense in the multi-market
semiconductor segment because it is relatively easier for
customers to switch suppliers of more standardized, multi-market
products like ours, compared to switching suppliers of more
highly integrated or customized semiconductor products such as
processors or system-on-a-chip products, which we do not
manufacture. Even in strong markets, price pressures may emerge
as competitors attempt to gain a greater market share by
lowering prices. Competition in the various markets in which we
participate comes from companies of various sizes, many of which
are larger and have greater financial and other resources than
we have and thus are better able to pursue acquisition
candidates and can better withstand adverse economic or market
conditions. In addition, companies not currently in direct
competition with us may introduce competing products in the
future. We may face product warranty or product
liability claims that are disproportionately higher than the
value of the products involved. Our products are typically sold at prices that
are significantly lower than the cost of the equipment or other
goods in which they are incorporated. For example, our products
that are incorporated into a personal computer would be sold for
several dollars, whereas the personal computer would be sold by
the computer maker for several hundred dollars. Although we
maintain rigorous quality control systems, we manufacture and
sell approximately 16billion individual semiconductor
devices per year to customers around the world, and in the
ordinary course of our business we receive warranty claims for
some of these products that are defective or that do not perform
to published specifications. Since a defect or failure in our
product could give 15 Table of Contents rise to failures in the goods that incorporate
them and consequential claims for damages against our customers
from their customers, we may face claims for damages that are
disproportionate to the revenues and profits we receive from the
products involved. We attempt, through our standard terms and
conditions of sale and other customer contracts, to limit our
liability for defective products to obligations to replace the
defective goods or refund the purchase price. Nevertheless, we
receive claims for other charges, such as for labor and other
costs of replacing defective parts, lost profits and other
damages. In addition, our ability to reduce such liabilities may
be limited by the laws or the customary business practices of
the countries where we do business. And, even in cases where we
do not believe we have legal liability for such claims, we may
choose to pay for them to retain a customers business or
goodwill. Our results of operations and business could be
adversely affected as a result of a significant quality or
performance issue in our products, if we are required or choose
to pay for the damages that result. Our international operations subject our
company to risks not faced by domestic competitors. Through our subsidiaries we maintain significant
operations in the Philippines, Malaysia and South Korea and also
operate facilities in China and Singapore. We are constructing
another facility in China. We have sales offices and customers
around the world. Almost three-quarters of our revenues in 2002
were from Asia. The following are risks inherent in doing
business on an international level   
economic and political instability;
foreign currency fluctuations;
transportation delays;
trade restrictions;
work stoppages; and
the laws, including tax laws of, and the policies
of the United States toward, countries in which we manufacture
our products.
The power device business subjects our company
to risks inherent in doing business in Korea, including labor
risk, political risk and currency risk. As a result of the acquisition of the power
device business in 1999, we have significant operations in South
Korea and are subject to risks associated with doing business
there. Korea accounted for 215% of our trade sales in 2002. Relations between South Korea and North Korea
have been tense over most of South Koreas history, and
recent concerns over North Koreas nuclear capability have
created a global security issue that may adversely affect Korean
business and economic conditions. We cannot assure you as to
whether or when this situation will be resolved or change
abruptly as a result of current or future events. An adverse
change in economic or political conditions in South Korea or in
its relations with North Korea could have a material adverse
effect on our Korean subsidiary and our company. And, in
addition to other risks disclosed relating to international
operations, some businesses in South Korea are subject to labor
unrest. Our power device business sales are
denominated primarily in U.S. dollars while a significant
portion of its costs of goods sold and its operating expenses
are denominated in South Korean won. Although we have taken
steps to fix the costs subject to currency fluctuations and to
balance won revenues and won costs, a significant change in this
balance, coupled with a significant change in the value of the
won relative to the dollar, could have a material adverse effect
on our financial performance and results of operations. In
addition, an unfavorable change in the value of the won could
require us to write down our won-denominated assets. We entered into a number of supply and support
contracts with Samsung Electronics in connection with our
acquisition of its power device business in 1999, most of which
have now ended. Any significant decrease in purchases by Samsung
Electronics could substantially reduce our financial
performance. As a result of the acquisition of Samsung
Electronics power device business in 1999, we entered into
numerous arrangements with Samsung Electronics, including
arrangements relating to product sales, designa 16 Table of Contents tion as a preferred vendor to affiliated Samsung
companies and other services. Although most of these
arrangements have expired, Samsung Electronics remains a
significant customer, due in part to the historical relationship
between the business we acquired and its former parents and
affiliates. There can be no assurances that these relationships
will continue at historical levels. Samsung Electronics
together with its affiliates is our largest customer,
accounting for more than 11% of total trade sales during 2002.
Any material adverse change in the purchases of Samsung
Electronics could have a material adverse effect on our results
of operations. A change in foreign tax laws or a difference
in the construction of current foreign tax laws by relevant
foreign authorities could result in us not recognizing the
benefits we anticipated in connection with the transaction
structure used to consummate the acquisition of the power device
business. The transaction structure we used for the
acquisition of the power device business is based on assumptions
about the various tax laws, including withholding tax, and other
relevant laws of foreign jurisdictions. In addition, our Korean
subsidiary was granted a ten-year tax holiday under Korean law
in 1999. The first seven years are tax-free, followed by three
years of income taxes at 50% of the statutory rate. In 2000, the
tax holiday was extended such that the exemption amounts were
increased to 75% in the eighth year and a 25% exemption was
added to the eleventh year. If our assumptions about tax and
other relevant laws are incorrect, or if foreign taxing
jurisdictions were to change or modify the relevant laws, or if
our Korean subsidiary were to lose its tax holiday, we could
suffer adverse tax and other financial consequences or lose the
benefits anticipated from the transaction structure we used to
acquire that business. We plan to significantly expand our
manufacturing operations in China and, as a result, will be
increasingly subject to risks inherent in doing business in
China, which may adversely affect our financial
performance. We are building the first phase of an 800,000
square foot assembly and test facility in Suzhou, China, and
expect to begin production there in the second quarter of 2003.
Although we expect a significant portion of our production from
this new facility will be exported out of China, especially
initially, we are hopeful that a significant portion of our
future revenue will result from the Chinese markets in which our
products are sold, and from demand in China for goods that
include our products. In addition, since 2000 we have operated
an optoelectronics manufacturing facility in Wuxi, China. Our
ability to operate in China may be adversely affected by changes
in that countrys laws and regulations, including those
relating to taxation, import and export tariffs, environmental
regulations, land use rights, property and other matters. In
addition, our results of operations in China are subject to the
economic and political situation there. We believe that our
operations in China are in compliance with all applicable legal
and regulatory requirements. However, there can be no assurance
that Chinas central or local governments will not impose
new, stricter regulations or interpretations of existing
regulations that would require additional expenditures. Changes
in the political environment or government policies could result
in revisions to laws or regulations or their interpretation and
enforcement, increased taxation, restrictions on imports, import
duties or currency revaluations. In addition, a significant
destabilization of relations between China and the United States
could result in restrictions or prohibitions on our operations
or the sale of our products in China. The legal system of China
relating to foreign trade is relatively new and continues to
evolve. There can be no certainty as to the application of its
laws and regulations in particular instances. Enforcement of
existing laws or agreements may be sporadic and implementation
and interpretation of laws inconsistent. Moreover, there is a
high degree of fragmentation among regulatory authorities
resulting in uncertainties as to which authorities have
jurisdiction over particular parties or transactions. We are subject to many environmental laws and
regulations that could affect our operations or result in
significant expenses. Increasingly stringent environmental regulations
restrict the amount and types of pollutants that can be released
from our operations into the environment. While the cost of
compliance with environmental laws has not had a material
adverse effect on our results of operations historically,
compliance with these and any future regulations could require
significant capital investments in pollution control equipment
or changes in the way we make our products. In addition, because
we use hazardous and other regulated materials in our 17 Table of Contents manufacturing processes, we are subject to risks
of liabilities and claims, regardless of fault, resulting from
accidental releases, including personal injury claims and civil
and criminal fines, any of which could be material to our cash
flow or earnings. For example   
we currently are remediating contamination at
some of our operating plant sites;
we have been identified as a potentially
responsible party at a number of Superfund sites where we or
our predecessors disposed of wastes in the past; and
significant regulatory and public attention on
the impact of semiconductor operations on the environment may
result in more stringent regulations, further increasing our
costs.
Although most of our known environmental
liabilities are covered by indemnities from Raytheon Company,
National Semiconductor or Samsung Electronics, these indemnities
are limited to conditions that occurred prior to the
consummation of those transactions with those companies.
Moreover, we cannot assure you that their indemnity obligations
to us for the covered liabilities will be adequate to protect us. We may not be able to attract or retain the
technical or management employees necessary to remain
competitive in our industry. Our continued success depends on the retention
and recruitment of skilled personnel, including technical,
marketing, management and staff personnel. In the semiconductor
industry, the competition for qualified personnel, particularly
experienced design engineers and other technical employees, is
intense, particularly in the up portions of our
business cycle, when competitors may try to recruit our most
valuable technical employees. There can be no assurance that we
will be able to retain our current personnel or recruit the key
personnel we require. A substantial number of shares of our
companys common stock are owned by a limited number of
persons, and their interests may conflict with your
interests. On December29, 2002, affiliates of
Citigroup Inc., and our directors and executive officers
together owned approximately 190% of the outstanding shares of
our ClassA Common Stock including shares underlying
vested option held by our directors and executive officers. By
virtue of such stock ownership, these persons have the power to
significantly influence our affairs and are able to influence
the outcome of matters required to be submitted to stockholders
for approval, including the election of directors and the
amendment of our corporate charter and bylaws. Such persons may
exercise their influence over us in a manner detrimental to the
interests of other stockholders or our bondholders. We are a leveraged company with a debt to
equity ratio of approximately 07 to1, which could
adversely affect our financial health and limit our ability to
grow and compete. At December29, 2002, we had total long-term
debt of $8532million and a ratio of debt to equity of
approximately 07 to 1. Our substantial indebtedness could have important
consequences. For example, it could   
require us to dedicate a substantial portion of
our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness,
thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund
working capital, capital expenditures, research and development
efforts and other general corporate purposes;
increase the amount of our interest expense,
because certain of our borrowings namely borrowings under our
senior credit facility, which is currently undrawn are at
variable rates of interest, which, if interest rates increase
and amounts are drawn against the senior credit facility, could
result in higher interest expense;
increase our vulnerability to general adverse
economic and industry conditions;
limit our flexibility in planning for, or
reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which
we operate;
18 Table of Contents   
restrict us from making strategic acquisitions,
introducing new technologies or exploiting business
opportunities;
make it more difficult for us to satisfy our
obligations with respect to the instruments governing our
indebtedness;
place us at a competitive disadvantage compared
to our competitors that have less indebtedness; and
limit, along with the financial and other
restrictive covenants in our debt instruments, among other
things, our ability to borrow additional funds, dispose of
assets or pay cash dividends. Failing to comply with those
covenants could result in an event of default which, if not
cured or waived, could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations.
Despite current indebtedness levels, we may
still be able to incur substantially more indebtedness.
Incurring more indebtedness could exacerbate the risks described
above. We may be able to incur substantial additional
indebtedness in the future. The indenture governing Fairchild
Semiconductor Corporations outstanding 5%Convertible
Senior Subordinated Notes Due 2008 does not limit the amount of
additional debt that we may incur. Although the terms of the
indentures governing Fairchild Semiconductor Corporations
outstanding 103/8%Senior Subordinated Notes, its
outstanding 101/2%Senior Subordinated Notes, and the
credit agreement relating to the senior credit facility contain
restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these
restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and
exceptions and, under certain circumstances, additional
indebtedness incurred in compliance with these restrictions
could be substantial. The senior credit facility permits
borrowings of up to $3000 million. As of December29,
2002, we had $2992million, adjusted for outstanding
letters of credit, available under this revolving credit
facility. If new debt is added to our subsidiaries current
debt levels, the substantial risks described above would
intensify. We may not be able to generate the necessary
amount of cash to service our indebtedness, which may require us
to refinance our indebtedness or default on our scheduled debt
payments. Our ability to generate cash depends on many factors
beyond our control. Our historical financial results have been, and
our future financial results are anticipated to be, subject to
substantial fluctuations. We cannot assure you that our business
will generate sufficient cash flow from operations, that
currently anticipated cost savings and operating improvements
will be realized on schedule or at all, or that future
borrowings will be available to us under our senior credit
facility in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay our
indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs. In addition,
because our senior credit facility has variable interest rates,
the cost of those borrowings will increase if market interest
rates increase. If we are unable to meet our expenses and debt
obligations, we may need to refinance all or a portion of our
indebtedness on or before maturity, sell assets or raise equity.
We cannot assure you that we would be able to refinance any of
our indebtedness, sell assets or raise equity on commercially
reasonable terms or at all, which could cause us to default on
our obligations and impair our liquidity. Restrictions imposed by the credit agreement
relating to our senior credit facility, the indentures governing
Fairchild Semiconductor Corporations
103/8%Senior Subordinated Notes and its
101/2%Senior Subordinated Notes restrict or prohibit
our ability to engage in or enter into some business operating
and financing arrangements, which could adversely affect our
ability to take advantage of potentially profitable business
opportunities. The operating and financial restrictions and
covenants in most of our debt instruments, such as the credit
agreement relating to our senior credit facility, the indenture
governing Fairchild Semiconductor Corporations
101/2%Senior Subordinated Notes and the indenture
governing its 103/8%Senior Subordinated Notes may
limit our ability to finance our future operations or capital
needs or engage in other business activities that may be in our
interests. These debt instruments impose significant operating
and financial restrictions on us that affect our ability to
incur additional indebtedness or create liens on our assets, pay
dividends, sell assets, engage in mergers or acquisitions, make
investments or engage in other business activities. These
restrictions could place us at a disadvantage relative to
competitors not subject to such limitations. 19 Table of Contents In addition, the credit agreement governing our
senior credit facility contains other and more restrictive
covenants and limits us from prepaying our other indebtedness.
The senior credit facility also requires us to maintain
specified financial ratios. These financial ratios become more
restrictive over the life of the senior credit facility. Our
ability to meet those financial ratios can be affected by events
beyond our control, and we cannot assure you that we will meet
those ratios. Provided there are no further outstanding balances
under our senior credit facility, compliance with these
covenants in the credit agreement is not required until
March31, 2003. We expect to be in compliance with all
covenants in 2003. After that date, or earlier if we borrow
money under the credit facility, a breach of any of these
covenants, ratios or restrictions could result in an event of
default under the senior credit facility. Upon the occurrence of
an event of default under the senior credit facility, the
lenders could elect to declare all amounts outstanding under the
senior credit facility, together with accrued interest, to be
immediately due and payable. If we were unable to repay those
amounts, the lenders could proceed against the collateral
granted to them to secure the indebtedness. If the lenders under
the senior credit facility accelerate the payment of the
indebtedness, we cannot assure you that our assets would be
sufficient to repay in full that indebtedness and our other
indebtedness. Item2.Properties In the United States, our corporate headquarters
are located in approximately 120,000 square feet of leased space
in South Portland, Maine. Additionally, we have wafer
fabrication operations currently located in approximately
290,000 square feet of space in properties that we own in South
Portland, Maine. Additional manufacturing, warehouse and office
facilities are housed in approximately 300,000 square feet of
space in properties that we own in West Jordan, Utah. As part of
the acquisition of the discrete power products business from
Intersil Corporation in 2001, we obtained a 450,000 square foot
manufacturing facility in Mountaintop, Pennsylvania. We have
manufacturing, warehouse and office facilities located in
approximately 55,000 square feet of leased space in Loveland and
Colorado Springs, Colorado. Additional office space is located
in leased facilities in South Portland, Maine; Irving, Texas;
Melbourne, Florida; Chicago, Illinois; and San Jose, California. In Asia, we own or lease approximately 35,000
square feet, 70,000 square feet, 397,000 square feet, 170,000
square feet, 766,000 square feet, and 160,000 square feet of
manufacturing, office and warehouse space in Wuxi, China; Kuala
Lumpur, Malaysia; Penang, Malaysia; Cebu, the Philippines;
Bucheon, South Korea; and Whasung City, South Korea,
respectively. Leases affecting the Wuxi, Penang, Cebu and Kuala
Lumpur facilities are generally in the form of long-term ground
leases, while we own improvements on the land. The initial terms
of these leases will expire beginning in 2004. In some cases we
have the option to renew the lease term, while in others we have
the option to purchase the leased premises. We lease additional
warehouse space in Singapore. We are building an 800,000 square foot assembly
and test facility in Suzhou, China, with the first phase
expected to be completed during the second quarter of 2003. We maintain regional sales offices in leased
space in Wootton-Bassett, England, Kowloon, Hong Kong, and
Tokyo, Japan. In addition, we maintain smaller sales offices in
leased space around the world. We believe that our facilities around the world,
whether owned or leased, are well maintained. Our manufacturing
facilities contain sufficient productive capacity to meet our
needs for the foreseeable future. Item3.Legal
Proceedings From time to time we are involved in threatened
or actual legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business.
We believe that there is no such ordinary course litigation
threatened or pending that could have, individually or in the
aggregate, a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations or cash flows. 20 Table of Contents Item4.Submission
of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders There were no matters submitted to a vote of
security holders during the period beginning September29,
2002 and ending on December29, 2002. PART II Item5.Market
for Registrants Common Equity and Related Stockholder
Matters Our ClassA Common Stock trades on the New
York Stock Exchange under the trading symbol FCS.
There is no established public trading market for our
ClassB Common Stock. The following table sets forth, for
the periods indicated, the high and low intraday sales prices
per share of Fairchild Semiconductor International, Inc.
ClassA Common Stock, as reported by the NYSE.   
High
Low   
2003
First Quarter from December30, 2002 to
March12, 2003
$
1042
$
1001
2002
Fourth Quarter from September30, 2002 to
December29, 2002
$
1676
$
685
Third Quarter from July1, 2002 to
September29, 2002
$
2365
$
910
Second Quarter from April1, 2002 to
June30, 2002
$
3203
$
2041
First Quarter from December31, 2001 to
March31, 2002
$
3050
$
2280
2001
Fourth Quarter from October 1 to
December30, 2001
$
2775
$
1530
Third Quarter from July2, to
September30, 2001
$
2535
$
1376
Second Quarter from April 2 to July1, 2001
$
2435
$
1186
First Quarter from January 1 to April1,
2001
$
1924
$
1263
As of March12, 2003 there were
approximately 350holders of record of our ClassA
Common Stock and no holders of our ClassB Common Stock. We
have not paid dividends on our common stock and have no present
intention of doing so. Certain agreements, pursuant to which we
have borrowed funds, contain provisions that limit the amount of
dividends and stock repurchases that we may make. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under
Equity Compensation Programs Information set forth under the caption
Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity
Compensation Plans in our definitive proxy statement for
the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on May8,
2003 is incorporated by reference. 21 Table of Contents Item6.Selected
Financial Data The following table sets forth our selected
historical consolidated financial data. The historical
consolidated financial data as of December29, 2002 and
December30, 2001 and for the years ended December29,
2002, December 30, 2001, and December31, 2000 is derived
from our audited consolidated financial statements, which is
included in Item8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The
historical consolidated financial data as of December31,
2000, December26, 1999, May30, 1999, and
May31, 1998, the seven months ended December26, 1999
and for the years ended May30, 1999 and May31, 1998
are derived from our audited consolidated financial statements,
which are not included in this Annual Report on Form10-K.
This information should be read in conjunction with our audited
consolidated financial statements and Managements
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations.   
Seven
Year Ended
Months Ended
Fiscal Year Ended   
December 29,
December 30,
December 31,
December 26,
May 30,
May 31   
2002
2001
2000
1999
1999
1998   
Consolidated Statementsof Operations
Data4:
Trade revenue
$
1,3645
$
1,3389
$
1,6816
$
7140
$
6541
$
6358
Contract manufacturing revenue
474
688
1016
722
810
1534
Total revenue
$
1,4119
$
1,4077
$
1,7832
$
7862
$
7351
$
7892
Trade gross profit
$
3397
$
3329
$
6029
$
2141
$
1357
$
1942
% of trade revenue
249
%
249
%
359
%
300
%
207
%
305
Contract manufacturing gross profit
105
212
363
208
166
363
% of contract manufacturing revenue
222
%
308
%
357
%
288
%
205
%
237
Total gross profit
3502
3541
6392
2349
1523
2305
% of total revenue
248
%
252
%
358
%
299
%
207
%
292
Net income loss
25
417
2731
213
1141
206
Other Financial Data4:
EBIT1
$
867
$
662
$
3259
$
908
$
233
$
1028
Depreciation and other amortization
1337
1260
1135
628
954
834
Amortization of intangibles
378
531
376
195
84
14
EBITDA12
2582
2453
4770
1731
1271
1876
Pro forma net income loss3
288
235
2825
545
334
335
Capital expenditures
1300
1178
3019
748
462
780
Consolidated Balance Sheet Data
End of Period:
Inventories
$
2088
$
2091
$
1928
$
1663
$
1486
$
1080
Total assets
2,2881
2,1492
1,8375
1,1376
1,0957
6343
Long-term debt, less current portion
8528
1,1382
7052
7172
1,0459
5267
Redeemable preferred stock
901
805
Stockholders equity deficit
1,2152
8080
8377
2132
2404
1166
1
Excludes other income expense and is adjusted
for the gains and charges detailed below:
22 Table of Contents   
Seven
Year Ended
Months Ended
Fiscal Year Ended   
December 29,
December 30,
December 31,
December 26,
May 30,
May 31   
2002
2001
2000
1999
1999
1998   
Distributor and inventory reserves in connection
with Memory restructuring
$
$
$
54
$
$
154
$
Inventory charges associated with the Analog
restructuring
16
25
Restructuring charges
122
214
21
213
Purchased in-process research and development
17
138
90
340
155
Gain on sale of former Mountain View, California
facility
35
Forgiveness of certain management tax related
loans
83
$
155
$
377
$
20
$
83
$
707
$
155
EBIT as defined is not stated in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles and is presented
because we believe it is useful as an alternative measure of our
operating results.
2
EBITDA is computed using EBIT as defined in Note
1.
3
Pro forma net income lossis net income
lossexcluding restructuring and other unusual gains and
charges impacting EBIT, as defined above, and amortization of
acquisition-related intangibles, net of tax. For the year ended
December29, 2002, it also excludes costs associated with
the redemption of Fairchild Semiconductors 101/8%
Notes of $221million, a gain on the sale of our space and
defense product line of $211million and a
$64million other tax credit. For the year ended
December30, 2001, it also excludes the write-off of an
equity investment of $40 million. For the year ended
December31, 2000, it also excludes the one-time reduction
of deferred tax asset valuation allowances of $263 million and
the write-off of deferred financing fees of $36million.
For the year ended December26, 1999, it also excludes the
write-off of deferred financing fees of $124million. For
the seven months ended December26, 1999 it also excludes
the write-off of deferred financing fees of $72million.
This data is provided for informational purposes and is not
intended to present results of operations in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles.
4
For discussion of effect of business acquisitions
during the periods presented, see Item7,
Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations.
Item 7.Managements
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations Background We are a leading designer, manufacturer and
supplier of analog, interface, discrete, standard logic,
non-volatile memory and optoelectronic semiconductors serving
the personal computer, industrial, communications, consumer
electronics and automotive markets. Segment Information The following table sets forth the composition of
trade revenue by reportable segments and contract manufacturing
services as a percentage of total revenues. Excluded from
Other revenue in 2000 is a gain of 23 Table of Contents 21 million resulting from the adjustment of
distributor reserves originally recorded in connection with the
1999 memory division restructuring.   
Year Ended   
December29,
December30,
December31   
2002
2001
2000   
Analog and Mixed Signal
254
%
230
%
227
Discrete
521
472
420
Logic and Memory
139
201
264
Other
53
48
32
Subtotal of Net sales trade
967
951
943
Contract manufacturing services
33
49
57
Total
1000
%
1000
%
1000
Year Ended December29, 2002 Compared to
Year Ended December30, 2001 Results of
Operations. We generated net losses of
$25million in 2002, compared to $417million in
2001. Excluding unusual charges and amortization of
acquisition-related intangibles, net of tax effects, pro forma
net income was as follows for 2002 and 2001, respectively   
Year Ended   
December29,
December30   
2002
2001   
In millions   
Net loss
$
25
$
417
Restructuring and impairments
122
214
Purchased in-process research and development
17
138
Inventory charge associated with Analog
restructuring
16
25
Costs associated with the redemption of the
101/8% Notes
221
Gain on sale of space and defense product line
211
Write-off of equity investment
40
Amortization of acquisition-related intangibles
378
531
Less associated tax effects
166
296
Less other tax credits
64
Pro forma net income
$
288
$
235
In 2002, restructuring and impairments included
$106million of employee separation costs related to
severance and other costs associated with work force reduction
actions, and a $16million impairment charge relating to
the closure of our Carlsbad, California location. In 2001,
restructuring and impairments included $131million of
employee separation costs related to severance and other costs
associated with work force reduction actions, and an
$83million charge for asset impairments relating to the
consolidation of the five-inch wafer fabrication line in South
Portland, Maine. Purchased in-process research and development
IPRD was recorded in connection with our
acquisitions for both 2002 and 2001. Operating income was $712million in 2002,
compared to $285million in 2001. Excluding restructuring
and impairments, IPRD, amortization of acquisition related
intangibles and other unusual charges gains detailed above
impacting operating income, pro forma operating income was
$1245million in 2002, compared to $1193million in
2001. The increase in operating income was due to spending cuts
in manufacturing and SGA expenses, offset by lower gross
margins as a result of lower average selling prices. Excluding depreciation and amortization of
$1715million and $1791million in 2002 and 2001,
respectively, unusual charges gains and other income
expense, earnings before interest, taxes, deprecia 24 Table of Contents tion and amortization EBITDA were
$2582million in 2002, compared to $2453million in
2001. EBITDA is presented because we believe that it is a widely
accepted financial indicator of an entitys ability to
incur and service debt. Pro forma net income and pro forma
operating income are presented because we use them as additional
measures of our operating performance. EBITDA, pro forma net
income, and pro forma operating income should not be considered
as alternatives to net income, operating income, or other
consolidated operations and cash flow data prepared in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America, as indicators of our operating
performance, or as alternatives to cash flow as a measure of
liquidity. Revenues. Our
revenues consist of trade sales to unaffiliated customers 967%
and 951% of total revenues in 2002 and 2001, respectively and
revenues from contract manufacturing services provided primarily
to National Semiconductor and Samsung Electronics together,
33% and 49% of total revenues in 2002 and 2001, respectively. Trade sales increased 19% to
$1,3645million in 2002 compared to $1,3389million
in 2001. The increase in trade sales is primarily the result of
higher unit volumes offset by lower average selling prices. As a percentage of trade sales, geographic trade
sales for North America, Europe, Asia/ Pacific which for our
geographic reporting purposes excludes Korea and Korea were as
follows for 2002 and 2001   
Year Ended   
December29,
December30   
2002
2001   
North America
153
%
199
Europe
110
135
Asia/ Pacific
522
476
Korea
215
190
Total
100
%
100
North American trade sales decreased 216% in
2002 from 2001. The North American sales region has been
impacted by a shrinking market due to the continued migration of
component manufacturing offshore, primarily to China and
elsewhere in Asia. All market segments exhibited weakness except
for small improvements in the automotive segment. European
revenues decreased 170% in 2002 from 2001. They were impacted
by the same factors affecting North America, with particular
weakness in the communications market. Revenues in our Asia/
Pacific sales region increased 118% in 2002 from 2001. The year
over year increase in Asia/ Pacific sales were due in part to
the continued migration of electronics production into the
region as well as strength in industrial, consumer and computing
markets. Sales in our Korean region increased 153% in 2002 from
2001. This increase was primarily due to strong demand from our
largest customer, Samsung Electronics, particularly for products
directed toward consumer and industrial markets. Contract manufacturing revenues decreased 311%
to $474million in 2002 compared to $688million in
2001. The decrease in contract manufacturing revenues resulted
from diminishing demand from both National Semiconductor and
Samsung Electronics. Gross Profit. Gross
profit for 2002 and 2001 was as follows   
Year Ended   
December29,
December30   
2002
2001   
In millions   
Trade gross profit
$
3397
249
%
$
3329
249
Contract manufacturing gross profit
105
222
%
212
308
Total gross profit
$
3502
248
%
$
3541
252
Research and
Development. RD expenses were
$822million, or 60% of trade sales, in 2002, compared to
$830million, or 62% of trade sales, in 2001. The
decrease in RD was due to spending 25 Table of Contents reductions in response to softer market
conditions, partially offset by a full year of RD spending
for the DPP business, which we acquired in mid-2001. Selling, General and
Administrative. SGA expenses were
$1451million, or 106% of trade sales in 2002, compared
to $1543million, or 115% of trade sales in 2001. We have
offset incremental SGA from a full year of the acquired DPP
business with spending reductions in response to softer market
conditions. Amortization of Acquisition-Related
Intangibles. Amortization of
acquisition-related intangibles was $378million in 2002,
compared to $531million in 2001. The decrease in
amortization was due to our adoption of SFAS No142 in
2002, which mandates that goodwill should no longer be
amortized, offset by an increase in amortization, due to a full
year of amortization of other intangibles acquired in the
acquisitions of DPP, Impala Linear Corporation acquisition in
the latter part of 2001 and Signal Processing Technologies,
Inc. SPT in March of 2002. Amortization of
goodwill in 2001 was $170million. Purchased In-process Research and
Development. IPRD was
$17million for 2002, compared to $138million for
2001. In 2002, IPRD resulted from our acquisitions of
I-Cube and SPT. In 2001, IPRD resulted from the acquisition
of DPP and Impala. Further information regarding our IPRD
for significant acquisitions, including information on
significant assumptions, is addressed below under
In-Process Research and Development. Restructuring and Impairments.
Restructuring and impairments of $122
million were recorded in 2002. These charges included
$106million of employee separation costs for severance
and other costs associated with workforce reduction actions
undertaken during the year, $10million for contract
termination costs and $06million of impairment charges
related to the closure of our Carlsbad, California facility.
Restructuring and impairments of $214million were
recorded in 2001. These charges included an $83million
charge for asset impairments relating to the consolidation of
the five-inch wafer fabrication line in South Portland, Maine,
and $131million for employee separation costs. Interest Expense.
Interest expense was $992million in 2002, compared to
$1039million in 2001. The decrease was principally the
result of the redemption of $2850million of 101/8%
senior subordinated notes on June28, 2002, partially
off-set by a full year of interest associated with the $2000
million of 5% Convertible Senior Subordinated Notes we sold in
the fourth quarter of 2001. Interest Income.
Interest income was $126million in 2002, compared to
$153million in 2001. The decrease was due to lower rates
of return, partially offset by higher cash balances throughout
2002. Other Income Expense,
Net. During 2002, we recorded other
expense, net, of $10million. In the second quarter of
2002, a charge of $221million was recorded for costs
associated with the redemption of our 101/8% senior
subordinated notes. These costs included $145million for
the call premium and other transaction fees and a
$76million non-cash write-off of deferred financing fees
associated with the original bond offering. These costs were
offset by a gain of $211million related to the sale of
our military and space-related discrete power product line, of
which $205million was recorded in the first quarter and
$06million was recorded in the fourth quarter of 2002.
During 2001, we recorded a loss of $40million related to
the write-off of an equity investment. Income Taxes. Income
tax benefit was $139million in 2002, compared to
$224million in 2001. The effective tax rate was 847% and
350% for 2002 and 2001, respectively. The benefit in 2002 was a
result of U.S. losses taxed at U.S. statutory rates. The U.S.
losses were offset by Korean income which effectively had no tax
expense associated with it. Comparative disclosures of selected operating
results of our reportable segments are as follows Analog and Mixed Signal Products
Group. Our Analog and Mixed Signal
Products Group designs, manufactures and markets a broad line of
products relating to power conversion, temperature sensing,
system management, battery chargers and motor controls. Product
offerings include standard linear products such as operational
amplifiers, low drop out regulators and ground fault
interrupters, motor control integrated circuits, smart power
switches, D/ C to D/ C converters, and interface products such
as FST and GTL, and LVDS. Analog revenues increased 107% to
$3588 million in 2002 from $3242million in 2001. The
increase in 26 Table of Contents Analog revenue is a result of higher sales for
power switches, motor drivers and high speed converters,
predominantly into consumer and industrial markets. Analog had operating income of $278million
in 2002 compared to $25 million in 2001. The increase in
Analogs operating income was primarily due to increases in
revenues and gross margins as well as decreases in SGA
expenses, including a decrease in acquisition amortization due
to the adoption of SFAS No142, partially offset by
increases in RD. The increase in gross margins was
primarily driven by higher unit volume, offset slightly by
decreases in average selling prices. Discrete Products
Group. Our Discrete Products Group
designs, manufactures and markets a broad line of power MOSFETs,
IGBTs, power bipolar transistors for both high and low
voltage applications, small signal transistors and diodes. An
increasing volume of power MOSFETs are manufactured using our
leading edge Power Trench technology. Discrete revenues
increased 107% to $7354 million in 2002, compared to
$6646million in 2001. The increase was due to higher
sales of low power MOSFETs into the computing and
communications markets and a full year of revenue from our DPP
acquisition, which occurred late in first quarter of 2001. Discrete had operating income of
$454million in 2002 as compared to $285million in
2001. The increases in Discretes operating income were
primarily due to an increase in gross margins, primarily in the
third quarter of 2002, and a decrease in acquisition
amortization due to the adoption of SFAS No142, which
includes a partial year of acquisition amortization for DPP. The
increase in gross margins was primarily driven by higher unit
volume as a result of strong sales in low power MOSFETs
and a full year of revenue from our DPP acquisition. Logic and Memory Products
Group. Our Logic and Memory Products
Group designs, manufactures and markets a broad line of
high-performance standard logic products as well as Memory
integrated circuits. The logic products focus on the growing
CMOS logic market, from industry standard FACT and HCMOS to new
products such as TinyLogic, Micropack, and LVT. We
also design, manufacture and market non-volatile memory
integrated circuits. Our memory products include high
performance serial EEPROM products used in computing,
communications, consumer, automotive and industrial
applications. Logic and Memory revenues decreased 309% to
$1957million in 2002, compared to $2834million in
2001. The decrease in Logic and Memory revenues was primarily
due to price competition in our mature products. Logic and Memory had operating income of
$09million in 2002, compared to $223million in
2001. The decrease in Logic and Memorys operating income
was due to decreases in revenues and gross margins, partially
offset by decreases in RD and SGA expenses. 27 Table of Contents Year Ended December30, 2001 Compared to
Year Ended December31, 2000 Results of
Operations. We generated a net loss of
$417million 2001, compared to net income of
$2731million in 2000. Excluding unusual charges
gainsand amortization of acquisition-related
intangibles, net of tax effects, pro forma net income was as
follows for 2001 and 2000, respectively   
Year Ended   
December 30,
December 31   
2001
2000   
In millions   
Net income loss
$
417
$
2731
Restructuring and impairments, net
214
56
Purchased in-process research and development
138
90
Write-off of deferred financing fees associated
with refinancing of our senior credit facility
36
Adjustment to other reserves associated with
Memory restructuring
54
Inventory charge associated with Analog
restructuring
25
Write-off of equity investment
40
Non-recurring release of deferred tax asset
valuation allowance
263
Amortization of acquisition-related intangibles
531
376
Less associated tax effects
296
35
Pro forma net income
$
235
$
2825
For 2001, restructuring and impairments included
$131million of employee separation costs related to
severance and other costs associated with work force reduction
actions, and an $83million charge for asset impairments
relating to the consolidation of the five-inch wafer fabrication
line in South Portland, Maine. Additionally, we took a charge of
$40million for the write-off of an equity investment
included in other incomeexpense. For 2000, restructuring
and impairments were associated with an adjustment to reserves
recorded in connection with the Memory restructuring action in
Fiscal 1999, and a one-time gain on the sale of our former
Mountain View, California facility. IPRD was recorded in
connection with our acquisitions. We also adjusted our deferred
tax valuation reserves in 2000 as we determined that it was more
likely than not that we would utilize our deferred tax assets.
Finally, IPRD was recorded in connection with our
acquisitions for both 2001 and 2000. Operating income was $285million in 2001,
compared to $3279million in 2000. Excluding restructuring
and impairments, IPRD, amortization of acquisition related
intangibles and other unusual charges gains details above
impacting operating income, pro forma operating income was
$1193million in 2001, compared to $3635million in
2000. The decrease in operating income is primarily due to soft
market conditions in the semiconductor industry during 2001,
resulting in lower prices, unit volumes and underutilization of
our factories, as well as from lower contract manufacturing
revenue. Despite the industry conditions, we continued to invest
in our research and development effort to drive new product
introductions. Excluding depreciation and amortization of
$1791million and $1511million in 2001 and 2000,
respectively, unusual charges gainsand other
incomeexpense, EBITDA as defined was $2453 in 2001,
compared to $4770million in 2000. EBITDA is presented
because we believe that it is a widely accepted financial
indicator of an entitys ability to incur and service debt.
Pro forma net income and pro forma operating income are
presented because we use them as additional measures of our
operating performance. EBITDA, pro forma net income, and pro
forma operating income should not be considered as alternatives
to net income, operating income, or other consolidated
operations and cash flow data prepared in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America, as indicators of our operating performance, or as
alternatives to cash flow as a measure of liquidity. Revenues. Our
revenues consist of trade sales to unaffiliated customers 951%
and 943% of total revenues in 2001 and 2000, respectively and
revenues from contract manufacturing services provided 28 Table of Contents primarily to National Semiconductor and Samsung
Electronics together, 49% and 57% of total revenues in 2001
and 2000, respectively. Trade sales decreased 204% to
$1,3389million in 2001 compared with
$1,6816million in 2000. Additional revenue from DPP and
other acquisitions that occurred in the latter part of 2000 and
in 2001 partially offset lower revenue in our continuing
businesses due to the industry-wide market slowdown. The lower
revenue in our continuing business was the result of lower unit
volumes and, to a lesser extent, decreases in average selling
price. As a percentage of trade sales, geographic trade
sales for North America, Europe, Asia/ Pacific which for our
geographic reporting purposes excludes Korea and Korea were as
follows for 2001 and 2000   
Year Ended   
December 30,
December 31   
2001
2000   
North America
199
%
234
Europe
135
135
Asia/Pacific
476
455
Korea
190
176
Total
100
%
100
North American trade sales decreased 322% in
2001 from 2000. Our trade sales in the North American region
were adversely impacted more than any other region by decreased
sales across a broad range of end market segments as customers
adjusted their inventories to respond to weakening economic
conditions in the U.S. European revenues decreased 203% in 2001
from 2000. They have been impacted by the same factors affecting
North America. Revenues in our Asia/ Pacific sales region
decreased 167% in 2001 from 2000. The decrease in Asia/ Pacific
sales was driven by the slow down in the computing segment,
including peripherals, as many of the manufacturers for this
market segment are located in this region. Sales in our Korean
region decreased 142% in 2001 from 2000. This decrease was due
to the impact of a weaker Korean economy as the financial
restructuring in this country continues. Contract manufacturing revenues decreased 323%
to $688million in 2001 compared to $1016million in
2000. The decrease in contract manufacturing revenues was due
primarily to diminishing demand from both National Semiconductor
and Samsung Electronics. Gross Profit. Gross
profit for 2001 and 2000 was as follows   
Year Ended   
December30,
December31   
2001
2000   
In millions   
Trade gross profit
$
3329
249
%
$
6029
359
Contract manufacturing gross profit
212
308
%
363
357
Total gross profit
$
3541
252
%
$
6392
358
Excluding unusual charges in 2001 associated with
an inventory charge as a result of the discontinuance of the
digitizer product line in our Analog group $25million,
total gross profit was $3566million, or 253% of total
revenues. Excluding an unusual gain in 2000 associated with
revisions to estimated charges for the 1999 Memory restructuring
action $54million, total gross profit was
$6338million, or 355% of total revenues. The decrease in
gross profit was primarily due to adverse pricing, and a shift
in product mix to lower margin products and lower capacity
utilization during 2001. Research and
Development. RD expenses were
$830million, or 62% of trade sales, in 2001, compared to
$839million, or 50% of trade sales, in 2000. The
decrease in RD was due to spending reductions in response
to softer market conditions, offset by the incremental RD
spending of the DPP business. 29 Table of Contents Selling, General and
Administrative. SGA expenses were
$1543million, or 115% of trade sales, in 2001, compared
to $1864million, or 111% of trade sales, in 2000. The
decrease in SGA was due to spending reductions in response
to softer market conditions. Amortization of Acquisition-Related
Intangibles. Amortization of
acquisition-related intangibles was $531million in 2001,
compared to $376million in 2000. The increase in
amortization was due to acquisitions that occurred in the latter
part of 2000 and new acquisitions in 2001. Purchased In-process Research and
Development. IPRD expense was
$138million for 2001, compared to $90million for
2000. In 2001, IPRD resulted from the acquisition of DPP
and Impala. IPRD for 2000 represents amounts from the
acquisitions of QTO, KOTA, and Micro Linear. Further information
regarding our IPRD for significant acquisitions, including
information on significant assumptions, is addressed below under
In-Process Research and Development. Restructuring and Impairments.
Restructuring and impairments of
$214million were recorded in 2001. These charges include
an $83million charge for asset impairments relating to
the consolidation of the five-inch wafer fabrication line in
South Portland, Maine, and $131million for employee
separation costs. In 2000, we incurred a pre-tax restructuring
gain of $56million. The gain is a result of proceeds from
the sale of our former Mountain View, California facility
$35million and the adjustment to restructuring reserves
recorded in 1999 $21million based upon final execution
of several prior year plans. Interest Expense.
Interest expense was $1039million in 2001, compared to
$813million in 2000. Interest expense in 2000 includes
$36million for the write-off of deferred financing fees
associated with the refinancing of our senior bank facilities in
2000. Excluding this charge, interest expense was
$777million in 2000. The increase, excluding the unusual
charge, is principally the result of additional interest
associated with $3500million in principal of 101/2%
Notes issued during the first quarter of 2001 and $200 million
in principal of 50% Convertible Notes issued during the fourth
quarter of 2001. Interest Income.
Interest income was $153million in 2001, compared to
$233million in 2000. The decrease is due to lower average
cash balances coupled with lower rates of return. Other Income Expense,
Net. In 2001, we recorded a loss of
$40million related to the write-off of an equity
investment. In 2000, we recorded a $08million gain on the
buy-back of $150million of our 101/8% senior
subordinated notes. Income Taxes. Income
tax benefit was $224million in 2001, compared to
$24million in 2000. Included in 2000 is a one-time tax
benefit of $263million related to a reduction in the
deferred tax asset valuation allowance. Management believed that
it is more likely than not these assets will be realizable and,
accordingly, reduced the valuation allowance on those deferred
tax assets. Without the effect of the one-time benefit, our tax
expense would have been $239million, or an effective tax
rate of 88% in 2000, compared to an effective tax rate of 350%
in 2001. The increase in the effective tax rate is due
principally to the fact that the effective tax rate in 2000
reflected the utilization of valuation allowances. Comparative disclosures of selected operating
results of our reportable segments are as follows Analog and Mixed Signal Products
Group. Analog revenues decreased 201%
to $3242million in 2001 from $4056million in 2000.
The decrease in Analog revenue was driven by soft market
conditions, particularly in the industrial and computing markets. Analog had operating income of $25million
in 2001 compared to $448million in 2000. The decrease in
Analogs operating income was primarily due to decreases in
gross margins due to decreased revenues coupled with lower
factory utilization. The decreases were partially offset by
spending cuts in operating expenses. Discrete Products
Group. Discrete revenues decreased
113% to $6646million in 2001, compared to
$7490million in 2000. The decrease was driven by soft
market conditions in the communications and computing markets,
offset by revenues attained through the acquisition of DPP. Discrete had operating income of
$285million in 2001 as compared to $1297million in
2000. The decrease in Discrete operating income was primarily
due to decreases in gross margins driven by lower 30 Table of Contents revenues and lower factory utilization, coupled
with increases in operating expenses, including amortization of
acquisition related intangibles, due to the acquisition of DPP. Logic and Memory Products
Group. Logic and Memory revenues
decreased 398% to $2834million in 2001, compared to
$4709million in 2000. The decrease in Logic and Memory
revenues was due to soft market conditions, particularly in the
communications and computing markets. Logic and Memory had operating income of
$223million in 2001, compared to $1125million in
2000. The decrease in Logic and Memorys operating income
was due to decreases in gross margin driven by lower revenues
and lower factory utilization. In-Process Research and Development The following table summarizes the significant
assumptions underlying the valuations of IPRD for our
significant acquisitions   
Estimated
Weighted   
Cost to
Average   
IPRD
Complete
Discount
Cost of   
Charge
Technology
Rate
Capital   
Dollars in Millions   
2001:
DPP
$
128
$
11
22
%
16
Amounts charged to IPRD represent the
estimated fair value based upon risk-adjusted cash flows related
to the incomplete projects. At the respective dates of
acquisition, the development of these projects had not yet
reached technological feasibility and the research and
development in progress had no alternative future uses.
Accordingly these costs were expensed at the acquisition dates. The acquisition of DPP added breadth to our power
discrete products portfolio, including MOSFETs,
IGBTs and Rectifiers. The acquisition also gave us an
expanded presence in the automotive and industrial markets. One
project, 30V N Channel Trench, out of six valued, accounted for
approximately 83% of the total IPRD charge and was
approximately 95% complete at the date of acquisition. All
projects were completed on schedule. As of December29, 2002, revenue for the
major DPP projects were ahead of forecast. Liquidity and Capital Resources We have a borrowing capacity of
$3000million on a revolving basis for working capital and
general corporate purposes, including acquisitions, under our
senior credit facility. At December29, 2002, adjusted for
outstanding letters of credit, we had $2992million
available under this senior credit facility. At
December29, 2002, we had additional outstanding letters of
credit and guarantees totaling $50million that were
issued on behalf of unaffiliated companies with which we
currently have a strategic investment or relationship. These
amounts outstanding were not issued under the senior credit
facility, and accordingly do not impact available borrowings
under the facility. In connection with the financing of the DPP
acquisition, on January31, 2001, we sold $350million
aggregate principal of 101/2% Senior Subordinated Notes at
face value. Interest on these notes is paid semi-annually on
February1 and August1 of each year, and the first
interest payment was made August1, 2001. We may redeem the
notes on or after February1, 2005. Prior to
February1, 2004, we may redeem up to 35% of the notes from
the proceeds of certain equity offerings. The notes are issued
by Fairchild Semiconductor Corporation and are guaranteed on a
senior subordinated basis by Fairchild International and its
other U.S.subsidiaries. On October31, 2001 we sold
$200million aggregate principal amount of 50% Convertible
Senior Subordinated Notes Due November1, 2008. The notes
are unsecured obligations, and are convertible into common stock
at a conversion price of $3000 per share, subject to certain
adjustments. The notes rank on a parity with our existing senior
subordinated debt and are and will be subordinated to all
existing and future 31 Table of Contents senior indebtedness, including any indebtedness
incurred under the senior credit facility. The notes are issued
by Fairchild Semiconductor Corporation and are guaranteed on a
senior subordinated basis by Fairchild International and its
other U.S.subsidiaries and are convertible into the common
stock of Fairchild International. On May30, 2002, we completed a follow-on
public offering of 20,000,000 shares of its ClassA Common
Stock at a price to the public of $2565 per share. On
June20, 2002, the underwriters of the offering exercised
their option to cover over-allotments and purchased a further
2,219,196 shares. The underwriting discount was $109 per share.
The total of 22,219,196 shares included 16,219,196 newly issued
shares sold by the company and 6,000,000 shares sold by an
existing stockholder. We did not receive any proceeds from
shares sold by the existing stockholder. The net proceeds to the
company after the underwriting discount and other related
expenses were approximately $3977million. On June28, 2002, we used some of the
proceeds raised in the follow-on offering to redeem all
$2850million of our 101/8% senior subordinated
notes that were due in March 2007, at a price of 105063% of
face value. In connection with the redemption, the company had
one-time charges totaling $221million, including
$145million for the call premium and other transaction
fees and a $76million non-cash write-off of deferred
financing fees associated with the original bond offering. Our senior credit facility, the indentures
governing our 103/8% Senior Subordinated Notes,
101/2% Senior Subordinated Notes and 50% Convertible
Senior Subordinated Notes and other debt instruments we may
enter into in the future may impose various restrictions and
covenants on us which could potentially limit our ability to
respond to market conditions, to provide for unanticipated
capital investments or to take advantage of business
opportunities. The restrictive covenants include limitations on
consolidations, mergers and acquisitions, restrictions on
creating liens, restrictions on paying dividends or making other
similar restricted payments, restrictions on asset sales,
restrictions on capital expenditures and limitations on
incurring indebtedness, among other restrictions. The covenants
in the senior credit facility relating to financial ratios also
include a minimum interest coverage ratio and a maximum senior
leverage ratio. Provided there are no further outstanding
balances under the senior credit facility, compliance with these
ratios is not required until March31, 2003, at which time
we do not anticipate any non-compliance. The senior credit
facility also limits our ability to modify our certificate of
incorporation and bylaws, or enter into shareholder agreements,
voting trusts or similar arrangements. Under our debt
instruments, the subsidiaries of Fairchild Semiconductor
Corporation cannot be restricted, except to a limited extent,
from paying dividends or making advances to Fairchild
Semiconductor Corporation. We believe that funds generated from
operations, together with existing cash, will be sufficient to
meet our debt obligations over the next twelve months. We expect
that existing cash and available funds from our senior credit
facility and funds generated from operations will be sufficient
to meet our anticipated operating requirements and to fund our
research and development and planned capital expenditures for
the remainder of the year and for the next twelve months. We had
capital expenditures of $130million in 2002. This capital
primarily was spent to expand capacity in support of in-sourcing
of capacity, including construction of our new facility in
Suzhou, China, and our e-business initiatives. We frequently
evaluate opportunities to sell additional equity or debt
securities, obtain credit facilities from lenders or restructure
our long-term debt to further strengthen our financial position.
The sale of additional equity or convertible securities could
result in additional dilution to our stockholders. Additional
borrowing or equity investment may be required to fund future
acquisitions. As of December29, 2002, our cash and cash
equivalents balance was $6183million, an increase of
$1139million from December30, 2001. During the 2002, our operations provided
$1371million in cash compared to $1558million of
cash in 2001. This decrease reflects a decrease in net income
adjusted for non-cash items of $36million, and a decrease
in cash flows from changes in operating assets and liabilities
of $151million. Cash used in investing activities during
2002 totaled $1416million, compared to
$4663million in 2001. The decrease primarily results from
a net cash inflow for acquisitions and divestitures of
$239million versus a net cash outflow in 2001 for
acquisitions and divestitures of $3445million. Cash
provided by financing activities of $1184million in 2002
was primarily from proceeds from the follow-on offering and
issuance of common stock upon the 32 Table of Contents exercise of options, offset by the cash used to
redeem the 101/8% senior subordinated notes. Cash provided
by financing activities of $4131million in 2001 was due
primarily to proceeds from the issuance of the 101/2%
senior subordinated notes, net of debt issuance costs, offset by
cash used to repay the outstanding balance on our senior credit
facility. It is customary practice in the semiconductor
industry to enter into guaranteed purchase commitments or
take or pay arrangements for purchases of certain
equipment and raw materials. At December29, 2002,
obligations under these arrangements were not material to our
consolidated financial statements. The table below summarizes
aggregate maturities of long-term debt, future minimum lease
payments under noncancelable operating leases, and guarantee
commitments as of December29, 2002.   
Less than
1-3
4-5
After   Contractual Obligations
Total
1year
years
years
5 years   
In millions   
Long-Term Debt
$
8532
$
04
$
08
$
3006
$
5514
Operating Leases
910
227
261
104
318
Guarantees
50
50
Total
$
9492
$
281
$
269
$
3110
$
5832
Note13 of Item8 in this
Form10-K describes the nature of certain guarantees,
including the approximate terms of the guarantees, how the
guarantees arose, the events or circumstances that would require
us to perform under the guarantees, and the maximum potential
undiscounted amounts of future payments we could be required to
make. Liquidity and Capital Resources of Fairchild
Semiconductor International, Inc. Excluding Our
Subsidiaries Fairchild Semiconductor International, Inc. is a
holding company, the principal asset of which is the stock of
its sole subsidiary, Fairchild Semiconductor Corporation.
Fairchild Semiconductor International, Inc. on a stand-alone
basis has no cash flow from operations and no cash requirements
for the next twelve months. Critical Accounting Policies and
Estimates The discussion and analysis of our financial
condition and results of operations are based upon our
consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States. The preparation of these financial statements
requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the
reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses,
and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. The
U.S.Securities and Exchange Commission has defined
critical accounting policies as those that are both most
important to the portrayal of our financial condition and
results and which require our most difficult, complex or
subjective judgments or estimates. Based on this definition, we
believe our critical accounting policies include the policies of
revenue recognition, sales reserves, inventory valuation, the
impairment of long-lived assets and income taxes. For all
financial statement periods presented, there have been no
material modifications to the application of these critical
accounting policies. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate the judgments
and estimates underlying all of our accounting policies,
including those related to revenue recognition, sales reserves,
inventory valuation, impairment of long-lived assets and income
taxes. We base our estimates on historical experience and on
various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable
under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for
making judgments about the carrying values of assets and
liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.
Materially different results in the amount and timing of our
actual results for any period could occur if our management made
different judgments or utilized different estimates. Revenue Recognition.
Revenue from the sale of semiconductor
products is recognized when title transfers to the customer,
including distributors, which is generally upon shipment. No
revenue is recognized 33 Table of Contents unless there is persuasive evidence of an
arrangement, the price to the buyer is fixed or determinable,
and the collectibility of the sales price is reasonably assured.
Contract manufacturing revenues are recognized upon completion
of the contracted service. Sales Reserves.
Sales reserves generally fall into four categories: customer
material return reserves, distributor contract sales debit
reserves, prompt payment discount reserves, and other
distribution reserves. Customer material returns result from
product quality, administrative or other defect issues.
Distributor contract sales debits are credits given to
distributors to ensure distributor profitability on individual
resale transactions. Prompt payment discounts are enticements
given to customers to ensure payment is made in a timely manner.
Customer material reserves, distributor contract sales debit
reserves and prompt payment discount reserves are based upon
historical rates of return or claims and any known, specifically
identified unusual returns. Other sales reserves are recorded
based upon individual contracts with distributors that may call
for reimbursement of product scrapped or reimbursement of price
changes that affect the distributors inventory carrying value.
Historically, we have not experienced material differences
between our estimated sales reserves and actual results. Inventory Valuation.
In determining the net realizable value of our inventories, we
review the valuations of inventory considered excessively old,
and therefore subject to, obsolescence and inventory in excess
of customer backlog. We also adjust the valuation of inventory
when estimated actual cost is significantly different than
standard cost and to value inventory at the lower of cost or
market. Once established, write-downs of inventory are
considered permanent adjustments to the cost basis of inventory. Impairment of Long-Lived
Assets. We assess the impairment of
long-lived assets, including goodwill, on an ongoing basis and
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying value may not be recoverable. In conjunction with the implementation of the new
accounting rules for goodwill as of the beginning of 2002, we
completed a goodwill impairment review for the reporting units
that have goodwill associated with them. We also performed an
annually required review during the fourth quarter of 2002, and
in both reviews we found no impairment. We will perform a similar review annually, or
more frequently, if indicators of potential impairment arise.
Our impairment review process is based upon a discounted cash
flow analysis, which uses our estimates of revenues, driven by
market growth rates and estimated costs, as well as utilizing a
discount rate determined by our management to be commensurate
with our cost of capital and the risk inherent in our current
business model. For all other long-lived assets, our impairment
review process is based upon an estimate of future undiscounted
cash flows. Factors we consider that could trigger an impairment
review include the following   
significant underperformance relative to expected
historical or projected future operating results,
significant changes in the manner of our use of
the acquired assets or the strategy for our overall business,
significant negative industry or economic trends
and
significant technological changes, which would
render equipment and manufacturing process, obsolete.
Recoverability of assets that will continue to be
used in our operations is measured by comparing the carrying
value to the future undiscounted cash flows. Future undiscounted
cash flows include estimates of future revenues, driven by
market growth rates, and estimated future costs. Income Taxes. We
estimate our income tax provision in each of the jurisdictions
in which we operate, including estimating exposures related to
examinations by taxing authorities. We must also make judgments
regarding the realizability of deferred tax assets. The carrying
value of our net deferred tax asset is based on our belief that
it is more likely than not that we will generate sufficient
future taxable income in certain jurisdictions to realize these
deferred tax assets. A valuation allowance has been established
for deferred tax assets which we do not believe meet the more
likely than not criteria established by SFAS No109 34 Table of Contents Accounting for Income
Taxes. Our judgments regarding future
taxable income may change due to changes in market conditions,
changes in tax laws, or other factors. If our assumptions and
consequently our estimates, change in the future, the valuation
allowances we have established may be increased, resulting in
increased income tax expense. Conversely, if we are ultimately
able to utilize all or a portion of the deferred tax assets for
which a valuation allowance has been provided, the related
portion of the valuation allowance will be released to income as
a credit to income tax expense. Forward Looking Statements This annual report includes forward-looking
statements as that term is defined in Section21E of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements
can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such
as we believe, we expect, we
intend, may, will,
should, seeks,
approximately, plans,
estimates, anticipates, or
hopeful, or the negative of those terms or other
comparable terms, or by discussions of our strategy, plans or
future performance. For example, the Outlook section below
contains numerous forward-looking statements. All
forward-looking statements in this report are made based on
managements current expectations and estimates, which
involve risks and uncertainties, including those described below
and more specifically in the Business Risks section in
Item1 above. Among these factors are the following:
changes in regional or global economic or political conditions
including as a result of terrorist attacks and responses to
them; changes in demand for our products; changes in
inventories at our customers and distributors; technological and
product development risks; availability of manufacturing
capacity; availability of raw materials; competitors
actions; loss of key customers; order cancellations or reduced
bookings; changes in manufacturing yields or output; and
significant litigation. Factors that may affect our operating
results are described in the Business Risks section in the
quarterly and annual reports we file with the Securities and
Exchange Commission. Such risks and uncertainties could cause
actual results to be materially different from those in the
forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place
undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Policy on Business Outlook Disclosure and
Quiet Periods It is our current policy to update our business
outlook at least twice each quarter. The first update is near
the beginning of each quarter, within the press release that
announces the previous quarters results. The business
outlook below is consistent with the outlook included in our
January16, 2003 press release announcing fourth quarter
and full year 2002 results, as updated in a press release dated
March3, 2003. The second update is within a press release
issued approximately two months into each quarter. The current
business outlook is accessible at the Investor Relations section
of our website at  Toward the end
of each quarter, and until that quarters results are
publicly announced, we observe a quiet period, when
the outlook is not updated to reflect managements current
expectations. The quiet period for the first quarter of 2003
will be from March15, 2003 to April17, 2003, when we
plan to release our first quarter 2003 results. Except during
quiet periods, the business outlook posted on our website
reflects current guidance unless and until updated through a
press release, SEC filing or other public announcement. During
quiet periods, our business outlook, as posted on our website,
announced in press releases and provided in quarterly, annual
and special reports or other filing with the SEC, should be
considered to be historical, speaking as of prior to the quiet
period only and not subject to update by the company. During
quiet periods, Fairchild Semiconductor representatives will not
comment about the business outlook of the companys
financial results or expectations. Outlook We expect revenues in the first quarter of 2003
to be seasonally flat to down 3% from the fourth quarter of
2002. At the end of 2002, approximately 70-75% of these guided
revenues were already on backlog. The pricing of this first
quarter entering backlog was slightly lower than fourth quarter
billings. In addition, due to lower than expected turns orders
which are orders that are placed and filled in the same
quarter in our high voltage power business, we anticipate
sequential gross margin declines for the first quarter. 35 Table of Contents For the first quarter of 2003, we expect our
research and development spending to be around 6% of sales and
SGA expenses excluding amortization of intangibles to be
around 105% of sales. We expect interest expense, net, to be
approximately $185million. For purposes of computing earnings before
interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA, pro
forma net income and net income per share, we expect that
depreciation and amortization will be roughly $38million
and amortization of acquisition-related intangibles to be
approximately $95million for the first quarter of 2003
and then dropping to approximately $79million per quarter
beginning in the second quarter. Finally, we expect an
outstanding diluted share count of approximately
119million shares for the first quarter of 2003. Related to the Mountaintop, Pennsylvania 6-inch
fab closure and product transfers, we anticipate restructuring
and other non-recurring charges of approximately $20 to
$25million in 2003, with approximately $8 to
$10million of that in the first quarter, subject to
business conditions. Our current second quarter backlog for most of
our product lines reflects improved product mix and higher
margins compared to our first quarter shipments. Macroeconomic
and geopolitical concerns continue to limit our customers
outlooks, so our visibility remains limited as well. However, if
our recent trend of higher bookings continues, we would expect
to guide higher margins and revenues for the second quarter. Recently Issued Financial Accounting
Standards In December 2002, Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No148, Accounting for Stock-Based
Compensation-Transition and Disclosure-An Amendment of SFAS
No123 SFAS No148, was issued.
SFAS No148 amends SFAS No. 123, Accounting for
Stock-Based Compensation SFAS No123, to
provide alternative methods of transition for a voluntary change
to the fair-value-based method of accounting for stock-based
employee compensation. In addition, this Statement amends the
disclosure requirements of SFAS 123 to require prominent
disclosures in not only annual, but also interim financial
statements about the effect the fair value method would have had
on reported results. The transition and annual disclosure
requirements of SFAS No148 are effective for fiscal years
ending after December15, 2002. The interim disclosure
requirements are effective for interim periods beginning after
December15, 2002. The Company intends to continue to
account for options under ABP Opinion No25. In November 2002, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board FASB issued FASB Interpretation
No45, Guarantors Accounting and Disclosure
Requirements for Guarantees, Including Indirect Guarantees of
Indebtedness of Others, an Interpretation of
FASBNo5, 57, and 107 and Rescission of FASB
Interpretation No34,
FINNo45 was issued.
FINNo45 clarifies requirements relating to the
guarantors accounting for, and disclosure of, the issuance
of certain types of guarantees. FINNo45 requires
that upon issuance of a guarantee, companies recognize a
liability for the fair value of the obligation it assumes under
that guarantee. The Company has adopted the annual disclosure
provisions of FINNo45 in the year ended
December29, 2002 consolidated financial statements. The
Company will adopt the provisions for initial recognition and
measurement and interim disclosures during the first quarter of
2003. The adoption of FINNo45 is not expected to
have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. In November 2002, the Task Force reached a
consensus on EITF Issue No00-21, Revenue Arrangements
with Multiple Deliverables Issue00-21.
Issue00-21 addresses when an arrangement with multiple
deliverables should be divided into separate units of
accounting. This consensus is effective for fiscal years
beginning after June15, 2003. We do not believe the impact
of adopting IssueNo00-21 will have a material
impact on our financial statements. In June 2002, the FASB issued SFAS No146,
Accounting for Costs Associated with Exit or Disposal
Activities SFAS No146.
SFASNo146 requires companies to recognize costs
associated with exit or disposal activities when they are
incurred rather than at the date of a commitment to an exit or
disposal plan. This statement is effective for fiscal years
beginning after December31, 2002. We do not believe the
impact of adopting SFASNo146 will have a material
impact on our annual financial statements, although it will
impact the timing of recognition. 36 Table of Contents In April 2002 the FASB issued SFAS No145,
Rescission of FASB Statement Nos4, 44, and 64,
Amendment of FASB Statement No13 and Technical
Corrections SFAS No145, effective for
fiscal years beginning May15, 2002 or later. It rescinds
SFASNo4, Reporting Gains and Losses from
Extinguishment of Debt, SFASNo64,
Extinguishments of Debt Made to Satisfy Sinking-Fund
Requirements and SFAS No44, Accounting for
Intangible Assets of Motor Carriers. This Statement also
amends SFAS No13, Accounting for Leases, to
eliminate an inconsistency between the required accounting for
sale-leaseback transactions and the required accounting for
certain lease modifications that have economic effects that are
similar to sale-leaseback transactions. This Statement also
amends other existing authoritative pronouncements to make
various technical corrections, clarify meanings or describe
their applicability under changed conditions. We do not believe
the impact of adopting SFAS No145 will have a material
impact on our financial statements. In August of 2001, the FASB issued SFAS
No143, Accounting for Asset Retirement
Obligations, SFAS No143, which
addresses financial accounting and reporting for obligations
associated with the retirement of tangible long-lived assets and
for the associated retirement costs. SFAS No143, which
applies to all entities that have a legal obligation associated
with the retirement of a tangible long-lived asset, is effective
for fiscal years beginning after June15, 2002. We do not
expect the implementation of SFASNo143 to have a
material impact on our financial condition or results of
operations. Item
7A.Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk We are exposed to financial market risks,
including changes in interest rates and foreign currency
exchange rates. To mitigate these risks, we utilize derivative
financial instruments. We do not use derivative financial
instruments for speculative or trading purposes. All of the
potential changes noted below are based on sensitivity analyses
performed on our financial position at December29, 2002.
Actual results may differ materially. We use currency forward and combination option
contracts to hedge firm commitments and currency option
contracts to hedge anticipated transactions. Beginning in 2001,
similar instruments were also used to hedge a portion of our
forecasted foreign exchange denominated revenues. Gains and
losses on these foreign currency exposures would generally be
offset by corresponding losses and gains on the related hedging
instruments, resulting in negligible net exposure to us. A
majority of our revenue, expense and capital purchasing
activities are transacted in U.S.dollars. However, we do
conduct these activities by way of transactions denominated in
other currencies, primarily the Korean won, Malaysian ringgit,
Philippine peso, Japanese yen, British pound, and the Euro.
Exposures in the Korean won are minimal as won-denominated
revenues and costs generally offset one another. To protect
against reductions in value and the volatility of future cash
flows caused by changes in other foreign exchange rates, we have
established hedging programs. We utilize currency forward
contracts and currency option contracts in these hedging
programs. Our hedging programs reduce, but do not always
entirely eliminate, the short-term impact of foreign currency
exchange rate movements. For example, during the twelve months
ended December29, 2002, an adverse change in any one
exchange rate defined as 20% over the course of the year would
have resulted in an adverse impact on income before taxes of
less than $5million. We have no interest rate exposure due to rate
changes for the 103/8% Senior Subordinated Notes, the
101/2% Senior Subordinated Notes or the 5% Convertible
Senior Subordinated Notes. However, we do have interest rate
exposure with respect to the revolving credit facility due to
its variable LIBOR pricing. For example, a 50 basis point
increase in interest rates would result in increased annual
interest expense of $15million, assuming all borrowing
capability was utilized. There was no outstanding balance on the
revolving credit facility at December29, 2002 or at any
point during 2002. From time to time, we may enter into interest
rate swaps or interest rate caps, primarily to reduce interest
rate exposure. As of December29, 2002, we had no such
instruments in place. 37 Table of Contents Item
8.Consolidated Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data FAIRCHILD SEMICONDUCTOR INTERNATIONAL, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARIES INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS   
Page   
Independent Auditors Report
39
Consolidated Balance Sheets
40
Consolidated Statements of Operations
41
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
Loss
42
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
43
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders
Equity
44
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
45
38 Table of Contents INDEPENDENT AUDITORS REPORT The Board of Directors and Stockholders Fairchild Semiconductor International, Inc. We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Fairchild Semiconductor International, Inc.
and subsidiaries the Company as of
December29, 2002 and December30, 2001, and the
related consolidated statements of operations,
stockholders equity, comprehensive income loss and cash
flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended
December29, 2002. These consolidated financial statements
are the responsibility of the Companys management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated
financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with
auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of
America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the accompanying financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
consolidated financial position of the Company as of
December29, 2002 and December30, 2001 and the
results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the
years in the three-year period ended December29, 2002, in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America. As discussed in Note2 to the consolidated
financial statements, effective December31, 2001, the
Company adopted statement of Financial Accounting Standards
No142, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets.   
January17, 2003 Boston, Massachusetts 39 Table of Contents FAIRCHILD SEMICONDUCTOR INTERNATIONAL, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   
December29,
December30   
2002
2001   
In millions   
except share data   
ASSETS   
Current assets:
Cash and cash equivalents
$
6183
$
5044
Short-term marketable securities
20
Accounts receivable, net of allowances of $155
and $155 at December29, 2002 and December30, 2001,
respectively
1506
1336
Inventories
2088
2091
Deferred income taxes
281
164
Other current assets
125
120
Total current assets
1,0203
8755
Property, plant and equipment, net
6649
6630
Deferred income taxes
816
615
Intangible assets, net
4385
4798
Long-term marketable securities
304
Other assets
524
694
Total assets
$
2,2881
$
2,1492
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS
EQUITY   
Current liabilities:
Current portion of long-term debt
$
04
$
04
Accounts payable
1137
1067
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities
928
827
Total current liabilities
2069
1898
Long-term debt, less current portion
8528
1,1382
Other liabilities
132
132
Total liabilities
1,0729
1,3412
Commitments and contingencies
Stockholders equity:
ClassA common stock, $01par value,
voting; 170,000,000 shares authorized; 117,321,351 and
100,175,513 shares issued and 117,005,670 and 99,965,087
outstanding at December29, 2002 and December30,
2001, respectively
12
10
ClassB common stock, $01par value,
nonvoting; 170,000,000 shares authorized and 0shares
issued at December29, 2002 and December30, 2001
Additional paid-in capital
1,2211
8097
Retained earnings deficit
24
01
Accumulated other comprehensive income loss
11
10
Less treasury stock at cost
36
38
Total stockholders equity
1,2152
8080
Total liabilities and stockholders equity
$
2,2881
$
2,1492
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 40 Table of Contents FAIRCHILD SEMICONDUCTOR INTERNATIONAL, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
OPERATIONS   
Year Ended   
December29,
December30,
December31   
2002
2001
2000   
In millions, except per share data   
Revenue:
Net sales trade
$
1,3645
$
1,3389
$
1,6816
Contract manufacturing
474
688
1016
Total revenue
1,4119
1,4077
1,7832
Operating expenses:
Cost of sales trade
1,0248
1,0060
1,0787
Cost of contract manufacturing
369
476
653
Research and development
822
830
839
Selling, general and administrative
1451
1543
1864
Amortization of acquisition-related intangibles
378
531
376
Purchased in-process research and development
17
138
90
Restructuring and impairments
122
214
56
Total operating expenses
1,3407
1,3792
1,4553
Operating income
712
285
3279
Interest expense
992
1039
813
Interest income
126
153
233
Other income expense, net
10
40
08
Income loss before income taxes
164
641
2707
Benefit for income taxes
139
224
24
Net income loss
$
25
$
417
$
2731
Net income loss per common share:
Basic
$
002
$
042
$
280
Diluted
$
002
$
042
$
269
Weighted average common shares:
Basic
1081
996
975
Diluted
1081
996
1014
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 41 Table of Contents FAIRCHILD SEMICONDUCTOR INTERNATIONAL, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME LOSS   
Year Ended   
December29,
December30,
December31   
2002
2001
2000   
In millions   
Net income loss
$
25
$
417
$
2731
Other comprehensive income loss, net of tax:
Net change associated with hedging transactions
39
21
Net amount reclassed to earnings
18
11
Comprehensive income loss
$
46
$
407
$
2731
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 42 Table of Contents FAIRCHILD SEMICONDUCTOR INTERNATIONAL, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH
FLOWS   
Year Ended   
December 29,
December 30,
December 31   
2002
2001
2000   
In millions   
Cash flows from operating activities:
Net income loss
$
25
$
417
$
2731
Adjustments to reconcile net income loss to
cash provided by operating activities:
Depreciation and amortization
1685
1752
1476
Amortization of deferred compensation
30
39
35
Restructuring and impairments, net of cash
expended
46
117
56
Non-cash interest expense
124
48
71
Purchased in-process research and development
17
138
90
Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment
22
31
27
Deferred income taxes
258
221
334
Gain on repurchase of notes
08
Non-cash settlement of receivable
21
Gain on sale of space and defense business
211
Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net
of effects of acquisitions:
Accounts receivable
172
865
729
Inventories
06
138
84
Other current assets
39
67
07
Accounts payable
70
503
376
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities
54
498
334
Other assets and liabilities, net
34
23
111
Cash provided by operating activities
1371
1558
3811
Cash flows from investing activities:
Capital expenditures
1300
1178
3019
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and
equipment
41
35
Purchase of molds and tooling
31
46
66
Purchase of marketable securities
324
Purchase of strategic investments
35
72
Acquisitions and divestitures, net of cash
acquired
239
3445
345
Cash used in investing activities
1416
4663
3467
Cash flows from financing activities:
Repayment of long-term debt
2854
1205
1336
Issuance of long-term debt
5500
1202
Proceeds from issuance of common stock and from
exercise of stock options, net
4111
73
2487
Purchase of treasury stock
73
58
45
Debt issuance costs
179
21
Cash provided by financing activities
1184
4131
2287
Net change in cash and cash equivalents
1139
1026
2631
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period
5044
4018
1387
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period
$
6183
$
5044
$
4018
Supplemental Cash Flow Information:
Cash paid received during the period for:
Income taxes
$
23
$
165
$
57
Interest
$
851
$
823
$
726
Non-cash transactions:
Stock issued for acquisitions
$
$
41
$
908
Tax effect associated with hedging transactions
$
12
$
06
$
Return of acquisition stock escrow shares to
treasury
$
$
03
$
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 43 Table of Contents FAIRCHILD SEMICONDUCTOR INTERNATIONAL, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS
EQUITY   
Common Stock
Accumulated
Other
Class A
Class B
Additional
Retained
Comprehensive
Treasury
Total   
Class A
Class B
Par
Par
Paid-in
Earnings
Income
Stock At
Stockholders   
Shares
Shares
Value
Value
Capital
Deficit
Loss
Cost
Equity   
In millions   
Balances at December26, 1999
604
284
$
06
$
03
$
4495
$
2313
$
$
59
$
2132
Net income
2731
2731
Exercise of stock options and shares issued under
stock purchase plan
09
45
42
87
Issuance of common stock
97
01
3307
3308
Tax effect of exercise of stock options
110
110
Conversion of common stock
111
111
01
01
Deferred compensation related to the grant of
stock options
35
35
Purchase of treasury stock
01
45
45
Additional tax benefit from compensation related
to lifting of restrictions on common stock owned by management
investors
19
19
Balances at December31, 2000
820
173
08
02
8011
418
62
8377
Net loss
417
417
Exercise of stock options and shares issued under
stock purchase plan
08
12
85
73
Conversion of common stock
173
173
02
02
Issuance of common stock
02
41
41
Deferred compensation related to the grant of
stock options
44
44
Purchase of treasury stock and other
04
61
61
Cash flow hedges
10
10
Tax effect of the exercise of stock options
13
13
Balances at December30, 2001
999
10
8097
01
10
38
8080
Net loss
25
25
Exercise of stock options and shares issued under
stock purchase plan
14
61
73
134
Issuance of common stock
162
02
3975
3977
Deferred compensation related to the grant of
stock options
30
30
Purchase of treasury stock and other
05
71
71
Cash flow hedges
21
21
Tax effect of the exercise of stock options
48
48
Balances at December29, 2002
1170
$
12
$
$
1,2211
$
24
$
11
$
36
$
1,2152
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 44 Table of Contents FAIRCHILD SEMICONDUCTOR INTERNATIONAL, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Note1 Background and Basis
of Presentation Background Fairchild Semiconductor International, Inc.
Fairchild International or the Company
designs, develops and markets analog, interface, discrete,
standard logic, non-volatile memory and optoelectronic
semiconductors through its wholly-owned subsidiary Fairchild
Semiconductor Corporation Fairchild. The Company
is focused solely on multi-market products. Multi-market
products are building block components for virtually all
electronic devices, from sophisticated computers and internet
hardware to telecommunications equipment to household
appliances. Because of their basic functionality, these products
provide customers with greater design flexibility and improve
the performance of more complex devices or systems. Given such
characteristics, its products have a wide range of applications
and are sold to customers in the personal computer, industrial,
communications, consumer electronics and automotive markets. The Company is headquartered in South Portland,
Maine and has manufacturing operations in South Portland, Maine,
Loveland and Colorado Springs, Colorado, West Jordan, Utah,
Mountaintop, Pennsylvania, Cebu, the Philippines, Penang,
Malaysia, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, Singapore, Bucheon, South
Korea and Wuxi, China.   
Note2
Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies Fiscal Year The Companys fiscal year ends on the last
Sunday in December. The Companys results for the years
ended December29, 2002, December30, 2001 and
December31, 2000 consist of 52weeks, 52weeks,
and 53weeks, respectively. Principles of Consolidation The consolidated financial statements include the
accounts and operations of the Company and its wholly-owned
subsidiaries. Significant intercompany accounts and transactions
have been eliminated. Revenue Recognition Revenue from the sale of semiconductor products
is recognized when title transfers to the customer, which is
generally upon shipment. No revenue is recognized unless there
is persuasive evidence of an arrangement, the price to the buyer
is fixed or determinable, and collectibility of the sales price
is reasonably assured. A provision for estimated returns and
allowances is recorded at the time of shipment. Contract
manufacturing revenues foundry services are recognized upon
completion of the contracted services. Advertising Advertising expenditures are charged to expense
as incurred. Advertising expenses for the years ended
December29, 2002, December30, 2001 and
December31, 2000 were not material to the consolidated
financial statements. Research and Development Costs The Companys research and development
expenditures are charged to expense as incurred. Related Party Activity The Company was formed on March10, 1997,
for the purpose of purchasing the discrete, logic and
non-volatile memory business of National Semiconductor
Corporation the Recapitalization. In conjunction with 45 Table of Contents FAIRCHILD SEMICONDUCTOR INTERNATIONAL, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued this transaction, Fairchild International and
National Semiconductor executed several agreements, which
governed the performance of manufacturing services by Fairchild
International on behalf of National Semiconductor and by
National Semiconductor on behalf of Fairchild International. In
addition, National Semiconductor provided a number of business
support services to Fairchild International. These agreements
expired at various dates through May 2000. Cash, Cash Equivalents and Marketable
Securities The Company considers all highly liquid
investments with a maturity of three months or less when
purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company invests excess cash in marketable
securities consisting primarily of commercial paper, corporate
notes and bonds, and U.S. Government securities with maturities
of no greater than 36months. At December29, 2002 and
December30, 2001, substantially all of the Companys
marketable securities are classified as available-for-sale. In
accordance with SFAS No115, Accounting for Certain
Investments in Debt and Equity Securities, unrealized gains
and losses on these investments are included as a separate
component of stockholders equity, net of any related tax
effect. Realized gains and losses and declines in value judged
by management to be other than temporary on these investments
are included in interest income and expense. At
December29, 2002, unrealized gains and losses were
immaterial. Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities
as of December29, 2002 and December30, 2001 are as
follows   
December 29,
December 30   
2002
2001   
In millions   
Cash and cash equivalents
$
6183
$
5044
Short-term marketable securities
20
Long-term marketable securities
304
Total cash, cash equivalents and marketable
securities
$
6507
$
5044
The following is a summary of the investments in
debt securities classified as current and long-term assets   
December 29,
December 30   
2002
2001   
In millions   
Available for sale securities:
U.S. Treasury securities and obligations of
U.S.government
agencies
$
270
$
Corporate debt securities
54
Total cash, cash equivalents and marketable
securities
$
324
$
The amortized cost of available for sale
securities approximated their fair value at December29,
2002. Gross realized gains and losses on sales of available for
sale securities were immaterial for the year ended
December29, 2002. 46 Table of Contents FAIRCHILD SEMICONDUCTOR INTERNATIONAL, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued The estimated fair value of available for sale
securities by contractual maturity at December29, 2002 are
as follows   
Due in one year or less
$
20
Due after one year through three years
304
$
324
Inventories Inventories are stated at the lower of standard
cost, which approximates actual cost on a first-in, first-out
basis, or market. Property, Plant and Equipment Property, plant and equipment is recorded at cost
and is generally depreciated based upon the following estimated
useful lives: buildings and improvements, ten to thirty years,
and machinery and equipment, three to ten years. Depreciation is
principally provided under the straight-line method. Software is
depreciated over estimated useful lives ranging from three to
ten years. Investments Investments in which the Companys interest
is less than 20% and which are not classified as
available-for-sale securities are carried at the lower of cost
or net realizable value unless it is determined that the Company
exercises significant influence over the investee company, in
which case the equity method of accounting is used. For those
investments in affiliates in which the Companys voting
interest is between 20% and 50%, the equity method of accounting
is generally used. Under this method, the investment balance,
originally recorded at cost, is adjusted to recognize the
Companys share of net earnings or losses of the affiliates
as they occur, limited to the extent of the Companys
investment in, advances to and commitments for the investee. The Company assesses the need to record
impairment losses on investments and record such losses when the
impairment of an investment is determined to be other than
temporary in nature. These impairment losses are reflected in
other income expense, net in the Companys
results of operations. During 2001, the Company recorded a
$4million charge to operations for the write-off of an
equity investment. Goodwill and Intangible Assets Goodwill is recorded when the consideration paid
for acquisitions exceeds the fair value of net tangible and
intangible assets acquired. In June 2001, the FASB issued SFAS
No141 Business Combinations and SFAS No142
Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets. SFAS No141
requires that the purchase method of accounting be used for all
business combinations completed after June30, 2001. SFAS
No142 requires that goodwill and other intangible assets
with indefinite useful lives no longer be amortized, but rather
be tested annually for impairment. In accordance with SFAS
No141, goodwill recorded in conjunction with the
Companys acquisition of Impala Linear Corporation in
September 2001 was not amortized See Note16. In
accordance with SFAS No142, the company ceased amortizing
goodwill for the year ended December29, 2002. Prior to adopting SFAS No142, goodwill and
other acquisition-related intangibles were amortized on a
straight-line basis over their estimated lives, which was
generally three to fifteen years. 47 Table of Contents FAIRCHILD SEMICONDUCTOR INTERNATIONAL, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued Other Assets Other assets include deferred financing costs,
which represent costs incurred related to the issuance of the
Companys long-term debt. The costs are being amortized
using the effective interest method over the related term of the
borrowings, which ranges from five to ten years, and are
included in interest expense. Also included in other assets are
mold and tooling costs. Molds and tools are amortized over their
expected useful lives, generally one to three years. Impairment of Goodwill and Long-Lived
Assets Goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite
lives are tested annually for impairment in accordance with the
provisions of SFAS 142. The Companys impairment review is
based on a discounted cash flow approach at the segment
reporting level that requires significant management judgment
with respect to revenue and expense growth rates, changes in
working capital and the selection and use of an appropriate
discount rate. The Company uses its judgment in assessing
whether assets may have become impaired between annual
impairment tests. Indicators such as unexpected adverse business
conditions, economic factors, unanticipated technological change
or competitive activities, loss of key personnel and acts by
governments and courts, may signal that an asset has become
impaired. Intangible assets with estimable lives and other
long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or
changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an
asset or asset group may not be recoverable in accordance with
SFAS 144. Recoverability of intangible assets with estimable
lives and other long-lived assets is measured by a comparison of
the carrying amount of an asset or asset group to future net
undiscounted pretax cash flows expected to be generated by the
asset or asset group. If these comparisons indicate that an
asset is not recoverable, the impairment loss recognized is the
amount by which the carrying amount of the asset or asset group
exceeds the related estimated fair value. Estimated fair value
is based on either discounted future pretax operating cash flows
or appraised values, depending on the nature of the asset. The
Company determines the discount rate for this analysis based on
the expected internal rate of return for the related business
and does not allocate interest charges to the asset or asset
group being measured. Considerable judgment is required to
estimate discounted future operating cash flows. Currencies The Companys functional currency for all
operations worldwide is the U.S.dollar. Accordingly, gains
and losses from translation of foreign currency financial
statements are included in current results. In addition, cash
conversion of foreign currency and foreign currency transactions
are included in current results. Unrealized and realized foreign
currency gains losseswere $26million, $20
million, and $23million for the years ended
December29, 2002, December30, 2001 and
December31, 2000, respectively. Foreign Currency Hedging The Company utilizes various derivative financial
instruments to manage market risks associated with the
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. It is the
Companys policy to use derivative financial instruments to
protect against market risk arising from the normal course of
business. The criteria the Company uses for designating an
instrument as a hedge include the instruments
effectiveness in risk reduction and one-to-one matching of
derivative instruments to underlying transactions See
Note17. Concentration of Credit Risk Financial instruments that potentially subject
the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally
of investments and trade accounts receivable. The Company
maintains cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities with
high credit quality financial institutions based upon the
Companys analysis of that 48 Table of Contents FAIRCHILD SEMICONDUCTOR INTERNATIONAL, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued financial institutions relative credit
standing. The Company sells its products to distributors and
original equipment manufacturers involved in a variety of
industries including computing, consumer, communications,
automotive and industrial. The Company has adopted credit
policies and standards to accommodate industry growth and
inherent risk. The Company performs continuing credit
evaluations of its customers financial condition and
requires collateral as deemed necessary. Reserves are provided
for estimated amounts of accounts receivable that may not be
collected. Fair Value of Financial Instruments The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents,
accounts receivable and payable, and accrued liabilities
approximate fair value due to the short-term maturities of these
assets and liabilities. Fair values of long term debt, interest
rate swaps and caps, currency forward contracts and currency
options are based on quoted market prices or pricing models
using prevailing financial market information at the date of
measurement See Note14. Use of Estimates in Preparation of Financial
Statements The preparation of financial statements in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent liabilities at the date
of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues
and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could
differ from those estimates. Income Taxes Income taxes are accounted for under the asset
and liability method. Under this method, deferred tax assets and
liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences
attributable to differences between the financial statement
carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their
respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are
measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable
income in the years in which those temporary differences are
expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax
assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in
income in the period that includes the enactment date. Computation of Net Income Loss Per
Share Basic net income lossper common share is
computed using the weighted average number of common shares
outstanding during the period. Diluted net income
lossper common share is computed using the weighted
average number of common and dilutive common equivalent shares
outstanding during the period. Potentially dilutive common
equivalent shares consist of stock options and shares obtainable
upon the conversion of the convertible senior subordinated notes.   
Year Ended   
December 29,
December 30,
December 31   
2002
2001
2000   
In millions   
Basic weighted average common shares outstanding
1081
996
975
Net effect of dilutive stock options based on the
treasury stock method using the average market price
39
Diluted weighted average common shares
outstanding
1081
996
1014
Net income loss
$
25
$
417
$
2731
49 Table of Contents FAIRCHILD SEMICONDUCTOR INTERNATIONAL, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued Options to purchase 10,451,494, 4,547,384 and
7,478,080 shares of common stock were outstanding at
December29, 2002, December30, 2001 and
December31, 2000, respectively, but were not included in
the computation of diluted earnings per share because the effect
of including such options would have been anti-dilutive. In
addition, at December29, 2002 and December30, 2001 69 million and $12million were not included in the
computation of net loss and 6,666,667 and 1,117,216,
respectively, of potential common shares were not included in
the computation of diluted earnings per share as a result of the
assumed conversion of the convertible senior subordinated notes,
because the effect would have been anti-dilutive. Stock-Based Compensation The Company has stock option plans, which are
described more fully in Note 7. The Company accounts for those
plans under APB Opinion No25, Accounting for Stock
Issued to Employees, and related Interpretations. The
following table illustrates the effect on net income and net
income per common share if the company had applied the fair
value based method of SFAS No123, Accounting for
Stock-Based Compensation, to record expense for stock option
compensation. The following table illustrates the effect on net
income and earnings per share if the fair value based method has
been applied to all outstanding and unvested awards in each
period.   
Year Ended   
December 29,
December 30,
December 31   
2002
2001
2000   
In millions, except per share data   
Net income loss, as reported
$
25
$
417
$
2731
Deduct: Total stock-based employee compensation
expense determined under fair value based method for all awards,
net of related tax effects
758
663
335
Pro forma net income loss
$
783
$
1080
$
2396
Earnings per share:
Basic as reported
$
002
$
042
$
280
Basic pro forma
$
072
$
108
$
246
Diluted as reported
$
002
$
042
$
269
Diluted pro forma
$
072
$
108
$
246
The weighted average fair value of options
granted was $2237 in 2002, $1560 in 2001 and $3755 in 2000.
The fair value of each option grant for the Companys plans
is estimated on the date of the grant using the Black-Scholes
option pricing model, with the following weighted average
assumptions.   
Year Ended   
December 29,
December 30,
December 31   
2002
2001
2000   
Expected volatility
60
%
65
%
60
Dividend yield
Risk-free interest rate
387
%
463
%
632
Expected life, in years
60
60
50
50 Table of Contents FAIRCHILD SEMICONDUCTOR INTERNATIONAL, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued Reclassification Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified
to conform with the current year presentation. Note 3 Financial Statement
Details   
December 29,
December 30   
2002
2001   
In millions   
Inventories
Raw materials
$
216
$
276
Work in process
1498
1297
Finished goods
374
518
$
2088
$
2091
Property, plant and equipment
Land
$
359
$
269
Buildings and improvements
2475
2396
Machinery and equipment
1,1216
9602
Construction in progress
1123
1679
Total property, plant and equipment
1,5173
1,3946
Less accumulated depreciation
8524
7316
$
6649
$
6630
Accrued expenses and other current
liabilities
Payroll and employee related accruals
$
260
$
238
Accrued interest
243
338
Income taxes payable
158
17
Other
267
234
$
928
$
827
Note 4 Goodwill and Intangible
Assets Effective December31, 2001 the Company
adopted SFAS No142, which addresses financial accounting
and reporting for acquired goodwill and other intangible assets.
Goodwill and other intangibles with indefinite lives are no
longer amortized. Instead, the Company performed an annual test
during the fourth quarter for impairment of these assets. 51 Table of Contents FAIRCHILD SEMICONDUCTOR INTERNATIONAL, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued A summary of acquired intangible assets as of
December29, 2002 is as follows   
Period of
Gross Carrying
Accumulated   
Amortization
Amount
Amortization   
In millions   
Identifiable intangible assets:
Developed technology
5 - 15 years
$
2232
$
553
Customer base
8 years
558
264
Covenant not to compete
5 years
304
227
Trademarks and tradenames
4 years
249
232
Patents
4 years
53
36
Subtotal
3396
1312
Goodwill
2301
Total
$
5697
$
1312
The carrying amount of goodwill by reporting unit
as of December29, 2002 is as follows   
Discrete
Domestic
Power
Opto-
Analog
Products
electronics
Total   
In millions   
Balance as of December29, 2002
$
155
$
1599
$
547
$
2301
During the year, there were no changes to the
carrying amount of goodwill due to acquisitions. In addition,
the initial test for impairment of goodwill as required by SFAS
No142 was completed during the first quarter, with an
annual test completed during the fourth quarter. No impairment
was indicated at either testing date. The fair values of the
reporting units, for purposes of the annual impairment test,
were estimated using discounted future cash flows. Identified
reporting units which carry goodwill include domestic analog and
discrete power products, which are included in the Analog and
Discrete segments, respectively, and Optoelectronics, which does
not meet the requirements of a reportable segment as defined in
SFAS No131. 52 Table of Contents FAIRCHILD SEMICONDUCTOR INTERNATIONAL, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued For comparative purposes, net income loss
before goodwill amortization net of tax and related per share
amounts for the Company for 2001 and 2000 are as follows in
millions, except per share amounts   
Year Ended
Year Ended   
December 30,
December 31   
2001
2000   
Net income loss:
Reported
$
417
$
2731
Goodwill amortization
170
33
Less associated tax effects
59
Net income loss before goodwill amortization
$
306
$
2764
Basic income loss per share:
Net income loss
$
042
$
280
Goodwill amortization
017
003
Less associated tax effects
006
Net income loss before goodwill amortization
$
031
$
283
Diluted income loss per share:
Net income loss
$
042
$
269
Goodwill amortization
017
003
Less associated tax effects
006
Net income loss before goodwill amortization
$
031
$
272
The estimated amortization expense for each of
the five succeeding fiscal years is as follows   
Estimated Amortization Expense:
In millions   
Fiscal 2003
$
332
Fiscal 2004
256
Fiscal 2005
237
Fiscal 2006
234
Fiscal 2007
182
Note 5 Long-Term Debt Long-term debt consists of the following at   
December 29,
December 30   
2002
2001   
In millions   
Revolving Credit Facility
$
$
Convertible senior subordinated notes
2000
2000
Senior subordinated notes
6500
9350
Other
32
36
Total long-term debt
8532
1,1386
Less current portion
04
04
Long-term portion
$
8528
$
1,1382
53 Table of Contents FAIRCHILD SEMICONDUCTOR INTERNATIONAL, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued Revolving Credit Facility On June6, 2000, Fairchild entered into a
new Senior Credit Facilities Agreement Credit
Agreement with a syndicate of financial institutions in
order to refinance the facilities under an existing credit
agreement. Under this refinancing, Fairchild converted
approximately $1178million of outstanding senior term
debt into a new revolving credit line Revolving Credit
Facility with total borrowing capacity of
$3000million and a maturity of June6, 2004. In connection with the refinancing, Fairchild
paid approximately $21 million in deferred financing costs and
wrote-off $36million of deferred financing costs
associated with the retired term debt. Borrowings under the
Credit Agreement accrue interest based on either the banks
rate or the Eurodollar rate, at the option of the Company. The
interest rate was approximately 34% and 36% for the Revolving
Credit Facility at December29, 2002 and December30,
2001, respectively. The Revolving Credit Facility was undrawn
during the year and at December29, 2002. Borrowings under
the Credit Agreement are secured by a pledge of common stock of
the Company and its subsidiaries. At December29, 2002,
Fairchild had outstanding letters of credit totaling
$08million. These outstanding letters of credit reduce
the amount available under the Revolving Credit Facility to
$2992million. Fairchild pays a commitment fee of 05% per
annum of the unutilized commitments under the Revolving Credit
Facility. Convertible Senior Subordinated
Notes On October31, 2001, Fairchild issued
$200million aggregate principal amount of 50% Convertible
Senior Subordinated Notes due November1, 2008. Interest on
the notes is paid semi-annually on May 1 and November 1 of each
year. The notes are guaranteed by the Company and its domestic
subsidiaries. The notes are unsecured obligations and
convertible, at the option of the holder, into common stock of
the Company at a conversion price of $3000 per share, subject
to certain adjustments. The notes and the guarantees rank pari
passu in right of payment with Fairchild Semiconductor
Corporations existing senior subordinated notes and the
guarantees thereof, and with any future senior subordinated
indebtedness. Senior Subordinated Notes On January31, 2001, Fairchild issued
$3500million of 10 1/2% Senior Subordinated Notes
due February1, 2009 the 101/2% Notes
at face value. Interest on the notes is paid semi-annually on
February 1 and August 1 of each year, and the first interest
payment was made on August1, 2001. The 101/2% Notes
are unsecured and are subordinated to all existing and future
senior indebtedness of Fairchild. Fairchild may redeem the notes
on or after February 1, 2005 and, prior to February1,
2004, it may redeem up to 35% of the 101/2% Notes from the
proceeds of certain equity offerings at redemption prices
ranging from 100% to approximately 105% of the principal amount. On April7, 1999, Fairchild issued
$3000million of 103/8% Senior Subordinated Notes
the 103/8% Notes at face value. The
103/8% Notes pay interest on April 1 and October 1 of each
year commencing October1, 1999 and are due October1,
2007. The 103/8% Notes are unsecured and are subordinated
to all existing and future senior indebtedness of Fairchild.
Until April1, 2002, Fairchild can redeem an amount not to
exceed 35% of the 103/8% Notes with proceeds raised from
certain public equity offerings. On or after April1, 2003,
the 103/8% Notes are redeemable by Fairchild, in whole or
in part, at redemption prices ranging from 100% to approximately
105% of the principal amount. On March11, 1997, Fairchild issued
$3000million of 101/8% Senior Subordinated Notes
the 101/8% Notes and, together with the
103/8% Notes and the 101/2% Notes, the
Notes at face value. During December 2000, the
Company repurchased 101/8% Notes with a face value of
$150million. On June 28, 2002, the company exercised the
call provision to redeem the remaining $2850million of
the 101/8% notes, at a price of 105063% of face value. In
connection with the redemption, the company had one-time charges
totaling 54 Table of Contents FAIRCHILD SEMICONDUCTOR INTERNATIONAL, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued 221 million, including $145million for
the call premium and other transactions fees and
$76million non-cash write-off of deferred financing fees
associated with the original bond offering. The payment of principal and interest on the
Credit Agreement and the Notes is fully and unconditionally
guaranteed by Fairchild International. Fairchild International
is the parent company of Fairchild and currently conducts no
business and has no significant assets other than the capital
stock of Fairchild. Fairchild has seventeen direct subsidiaries
and six indirect subsidiaries, of which four direct
subsidiaries, Fairchild Semiconductor Corporation of California
Fairchild California, KOTA Microcircuits, Inc., QT
Optoelectronics, Inc., and QT Optoelectronics are guarantors on
the Credit Agreement and the Notes. The remaining direct and
indirect subsidiaries are foreign-based and do not guarantee
either the Credit Agreement or the Notes. The Companys senior credit facility and the
indentures under which the Notes were issued contain various
restrictions and covenants. The restrictive covenants include
limitations on consolidations, mergers and acquisitions,
restrictions on creating liens, restrictions on paying dividends
or making other similar restricted payments, restrictions on
asset sales, restrictions on capital expenditures and
limitations on incurring indebtedness, among other restrictions,
with which the Company was in compliance at December29,
2002. In addition, the senior credit facility contains covenants
relating to financial ratios including a minimum interest
coverage ratio and a maximum senior leverage ratio. Provided
there are no further outstanding balances under the senior
credit facility, compliance with these ratios is not required
until March31, 2003. The senior credit facility also
limits the Companys ability to modify its certificate of
incorporation, bylaws, shareholder agreements, voting trusts or
similar arrangements. In addition, the senior credit facility
and the indentures governing all senior subordinated notes,
contain additional restrictions limiting the ability of the
Companys subsidiaries to pay dividends or make advances to
the Company. Aggregate maturities of long-term debt for each of
the next five years and thereafter are as follows   
In millions   
2003
$
04
2004
04
2005
04
2006
03
2007
3003
Thereafter
5514
$
8532
At December29, 2002, the Company also has
approximately $149million of undrawn credit facilities at
certain of its foreign subsidiaries. Note 6 Income Taxes In conjunction with the acquisition of the power
device business, the Korean government granted a ten year tax
holiday to Fairchild Korea Semiconductor Ltd. The original
exemption was 100% for the first seven years of the holiday and
50% for the remaining three years of the holiday. In Calendar
2000, the tax holiday was extended such that the exemption
amounts were increased to 75% in the eighth year and a 25%
exemption was added to the eleventh year. Taxes exempted include
income taxes, dividend withholding taxes, acquisition tax,
registration tax, property tax and aggregate land tax. As such,
no current provision for income taxes for Korea has been
provided. The tax holiday increased net income by
$167million, or $015 per diluted common share for the
year ended December29, 2002, $32million or $003
per diluted common share for the year ended December30,
2001 and $320million or $032per diluted common
share for the year ended December31, 2000. 55 Table of Contents FAIRCHILD SEMICONDUCTOR INTERNATIONAL, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued Total income tax benefit for income taxes was
allocated as follows   
Year Ended   
December29,
December30,
December31   
2002
2001
2000   
In millions   
Income tax benefit attributable to income
lossfrom continuing operations
$
139
$
224
$
24
Noncurrent intangible assets, for the initial
recognition of acquired tax benefits that were previously
included in the valuation allowance
53
Stockholders equity, for recognition of
compensation expense for tax purposes in excess of amounts
recognized for financial reporting purposes
48
13
129
Other comprehensive income, for unrealized gains
on hedging transactions
12
06
$
199
$
231
$
206
The provision benefitfor income taxes
attributable to income from continuing operations for the years
ended December29, 2002, December30, 2001 and
December31, 2000 consisted of the following   
Year Ended   
December29,
December30,
December31   
2002
2001
2000   
In millions   
Income lossbefore income taxes:
U.S
$
1129
$
943
$
1138
Foreign
965
302
1569
$
164
$
641
$
2707
Income tax provision benefit:
Current:
U.S. federal
$
18
$
59
$
83
U.S. state and local
07
07
Foreign
130
41
169
119
18
259
Deferred:
U.S. federal
208
160
254
U.S. state and local
29
24
24
Foreign
21
22
05
258
206
283
Total income tax provision benefit:
U.S. federal
226
219
171
U.S. state and local
22
24
17
Foreign
109
19
164
$
139
$
224
$
24
56 Table of Contents FAIRCHILD SEMICONDUCTOR INTERNATIONAL, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued The reconciliation between the income tax rate
computed by applying the U.S. federal statutory rate and the
reported worldwide tax rate on income lossfrom
continuing operations is as follows   
Year Ended   
December 29,
December 30,
December 31   
2002
2001
2000   
U.S. federal statutory rate
350
%
350
%
350
U.S. state and local taxes benefit, net of
federal benefit
113
25
32
Foreign tax rate differential and US tax on
repatriation
241
01
133
Exempt foreign sales income
38
Non-deductible expenses including goodwill
amortization
05
26
11
Change in valuation allowance
148
38
269
847
%
350
%
09
The tax effects of temporary differences in the
recognition of income and expense for tax and financial
reporting purposes that give rise to significant portions of the
deferred tax assets and the deferred tax liabilities at
December29, 2002 and December30, 2001 are presented
below   
December 29,
December 30   
2002
2001   
In millions   
Deferred tax assets:
Net operating loss carryforwards
$
901
$
508
Reserves and accruals
275
170
Intangibles, primarily intellectual property
89
171
Tax credit and capital allowance carryovers
24
68
Unrealized loss on hedging transactions
06
Total gross deferred tax assets
1295
917
Valuation allowance
13
38
Net deferred tax assets
1282
879
Deferred tax liabilities:
Unrealized gain on hedging transactions
06
Plant and equipment
185
94
Total deferred tax liabilities
185
100
Net deferred tax assets
$
1097
$
779
The deferred tax valuation allowance decreased by
$25million and increased by $25million for the
years ended December29, 2002 and December 30, 2001,
respectively. In assessing the realizability of deferred tax
assets, the Company considered its current and future taxable
earnings and the expected timing of the reversal of temporary
differences. During 2000, the Company reversed all of the
valuation allowance associated with its domestic deferred tax
assets, with the exception of foreign tax credits, as the
Company believes that the deferred tax assets will more likely
than not be realized. Foreign tax credits were expensed in 2002.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are classified in the
consolidated balance sheet based on the classification of the
related asset or liability. 57 Table of Contents FAIRCHILD SEMICONDUCTOR INTERNATIONAL, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued Net operating loss and research and development
credit carryforwards totaled $2392million and
$12million, respectively, as of December29, 2002.
The net operating losses expire in 2018 through 2022. The
research and development credits expire in varying amounts in
2012 through 2022. During 2002, the Company applied for
alternative minimum tax credit refunds totaling
$22million, of which $20million were received by
year end. In addition, the Company has Malaysian unabsorbed
capital allowances of approximately $47million, which can
be used to offset future years taxable income of that
Malaysian subsidiary. The Companys ability to utilize its net
operating loss and credit carryforwards may be limited in the
future if the Company experiences an ownership change. An
ownership change occurs when the ownership percentage of 5% or
greater stockholders changes by more than 50% over a three year
period. In 2000, the Company experienced an ownership change as
a result of the follow-on public offering; such ownership change
did not result in a material limitation on the utilization of
the loss and credit carryforwards. As of December29, 2002,
the company has not undergone a second ownership change. Deferred income taxes have not been provided for
the undistributed earnings of the Companys foreign
subsidiaries, which aggregated approximately $2934million
at December29, 2002. The Company plans to reinvest all
such earnings for future expansion. The undistributed earnings
will be subject to U.S.taxation upon repatriation as
dividends to the U.S.parent. The amount of taxes
attributable to these undistributed earnings is not practicably
determinable. Based on projections of taxable income over the
next several years, and considering the limitations imposed by
section 382, we believe that none of the loss carry forwards
will expire unused. Based upon the level of historical income
and the projections for future taxable income over the periods
in which the deductible temporary differences are deductible, we
believe it is more likely than not that the company will realize
the benefits of the deductible temporary differences. In order
to fully realize the deferred tax assets, the company will need
to generate $311million of aggregate future taxable income
prior to the expiration of the carryforward periods, which occur
in the years 2018 through 2022.   
Note7
Stock Based Compensation The Company has two stock option plans. Under
the Fairchild Semiconductor Restated Stock Option Plan Restated
Plan, executives, key employees and non-employee directors may
be granted options to purchase shares of the Companys
authorized but unissued common stock. The Company also has a
stock option plan the 2000 Executive Stock Option Plan, under
which key executives, including officers, may be granted stock
options. Under the Restated Plan, the Company may grant
options for up to 23,746,327 of ClassA common stock. At
December29, 2002, 19,918,089 options were outstanding and
621,540 were available to be granted. Options granted under the
Plans may be either aoptions intended to constitute
incentive stock options ISOs under the Internal
Revenue Code or bnon-qualified stock options. At its
regularly scheduled meeting in February 2003, the board of
directors amended the plan and approved options or other awards
covering an additional 3,626,956 shares. The establishment of an exercise price of each
option granted under the Restated Plan is determined by a
Committee of the Companys Board of Directors the
Committee. The maximum term of any option is ten
years from the date of grant for incentive stock options and ten
years and one day from the date of grant for non-qualified stock
options. Options granted under the Plan are exercisable at the
determination of the Committee, generally vesting ratably over
approximately four years. Under the 2000 Executive Stock Option Plan, the
Company may grant options for up to 1,671,669 shares of common
stock. At December29, 2002, 1,601,827 shares were
outstanding and 69,842 shares were available to be granted.
Options granted under the Plan are intended to be non-qualified
options. The exercise price and term of each option granted
under the 2000 Executive Plan is determined by the Committee.
Options granted under the 2000 Executive Plan are exercisable at
the determination of the Committee. Individuals receiving 58 Table of Contents FAIRCHILD SEMICONDUCTOR INTERNATIONAL, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued options under the Plan may not receive in any one
year options to purchase more than 1,500,000 shares of common
stock. During 2001, the Company implemented a voluntary
stock option exchange program for the 2000 Executive Stock
Option Plan. Under the program, executives could elect to have
their outstanding options cancelled on August13, 2001. New
stock options were issued to replace cancelled options on
February22, 2002 at the then fair market value of $2380
per share. The number of replacement options that were issued
were equal to 55% of the options surrendered. A summary of the status of the Companys
stock option plans as of December29, 2002,
December30, 2001, and December31, 2000, and changes
during the periods then ended are presented in the table below   
Year Ended   
December 29, 2002
December 30, 2001
December 31, 2000   
Weighted
Weighted
Weighted   
Average
Average
Average   
Shares
Exercise
Shares
Exercise
Shares
Exercise   
000s
Price
000s
Price
000s
Price   
Outstanding at beginning of year
15,309
$
1880
13,362
$
2607
6,964
$
960
Granted
8,536
2237
6,501
1560
7,723
3755
Exercised
907
847
380
542
783
522
Canceled
1,418
2234
4,174
3851
542
1797
Outstanding at end of year
21,520
$
2041
15,309
$
1880
13,362
$
2607
Exercisable at end of year
6,732
$
1822
4,490
$
1453
2,358
$
796
Weighted average fair value of options granted
$
1402
$
1099
$
2423
Information with respect to stock options
outstanding and stock options exercisable at December29,
2002 is as follows   
Options Outstanding
Options Exercisable   
000s
Weighted-Average
000s
Range of
Number
Remaining
Weighted-Average
Number
Weighted-Average   Exercise Prices
Outstanding
Contractual Life
Exercise Price
Exercisable
Exercise Price   
$013-013
1,060
38
$
013
1,052
$
013
$1000- 1500
2,920
74
1141
1,265
1037
$1501- 2200
6,412
75
1637
2,215
1701
$2201- 3300
7,600
90
2356
423
2495
$3301- 4900
3,528
74
3458
1,777
3441
21,520
78
$
2041
6,732
$
1822
The Company maintains the Fairchild Semiconductor
International, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan, which started
on April1, 2000. The stock purchase plan authorizes the
issuance of up to 4,000,000 shares of common stock in quarterly
offerings to eligible employees at a price that is equal to 85
percent of the lower of the common stocks fair value at
the beginning or the end of a quarterly period. During 2002 and
2001, 394,643 and 437,362 shares, respectively, were issued
under the stock purchase plan at a weighted average per share
price of $1386 and $1205, respectively. The Company accounts for its stock-based
compensation plans in accordance with the provisions of APB
No25. As such, compensation expense is recorded on the
date of grant only if the current market price of the underlying
stock exceeds the exercise price. During 2000, the Company
granted 5,000 stock options, with exercise prices less than the
market price of the underlying stock on the date of the grant,
and recorded total deferred compensation of $02million.
No such options were granted during 2001 or 2002. 59 Table of Contents FAIRCHILD SEMICONDUCTOR INTERNATIONAL, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued Note8Retirement
Plans The Company sponsors the Fairchild Personal
Savings and Retirement Plan the Retirement Plan, a
contributory savings plan which qualifies under section 401k
of the Internal Revenue Code. The Retirement Plan covers
substantially all employees in the United States. The Company
provides a matching contribution equal to 75% of employee
elective deferrals up to a maximum of 6% of an employees
annual compensation. The Company also maintains a non-qualified
Benefit Restoration Plan, under which employees who have
otherwise exceeded annual IRS limitations for elective deferrals
can continue to contribute to their retirement savings. The
Company matches employee elective deferrals to the Benefit
Restoration Plan on the same basis as the Retirement Plan.
During 2001 and throughout 2002, the 401k match was suspended
for substantially all employees. Total expense recognized under these plans was
$07million, $40million, and $44million for
the years ended December29, 2002, December30, 2001
and December31, 2000, respectively. Employees in Korea who have been with the Company
for over one year are entitled by Korean law to receive lump-sum
payments upon termination of their employment. The payments are
based on current rates of pay and length of service through the
date of termination. It is the Companys policy to accrue
for this estimated liability as of each balance sheet date.
Amounts recognized as expense were $64million 56million, and $63million for the years ended
December29, 2002, December30, 2001 and
December31, 2000, respectively. Employees in Malaysia participate in a defined
contribution plan. The Company has funded accruals for this plan
in accordance with statutory regulations in Malaysia.
Contributions made by the Company under this plan were
$18million, $19million, and $22million, for
the years ended December29, 2002, December30, 2001
and December31, 2000, respectively. Employees in the Philippines participate in a
defined benefit plan. The benefits are based on years of service
and a multiple of the employees final monthly salary. The
Companys funding policy is to contribute annually the
amount necessary to maintain the plan on an actuarially sound
basis. Contributions are intended to provide not only for
benefits attributed to service to date but also for those
expected to be earned in the future. The contributions made for
the years ended December29, 2002, December30, 2001
and December31, 2000, respectively were not material to
the consolidated financial statements. Employees in England, Italy, Germany, Hong Kong,
China, Singapore and Japan are also covered by a variety of
defined benefit and or defined contribution pension plans that
are administered consistent with local statutes and practices.
The contributions made under each of the respective plans for
2002, 2001, and 2000 were not material to the consolidated
financial statements. Certain executives of the Company are eligible
for post-retirement health benefits, which are being accrued
ratably over the three year term of the related employment
agreements entered into by the executives with the Company in
Calendar 2000. At December29, 2002, the accrual for
post-retirement health benefits is not material to the
consolidated financial statements. Note9Lease
Commitments Rental expense related to certain facilities and
equipment of the Companys plants was $237million 219million and $161million the years ended
December29, 2002, December30, 2001 and
December31, 2000, respectively. 60 Table of Contents FAIRCHILD SEMICONDUCTOR INTERNATIONAL, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued Future minimum lease payments under noncancelable
operating leases as of December29, 2002 are as follows   
Year ended December,
In millions   
2003
227
2004
174
2005
87
2006
62
2007
42
Thereafter
318
$
910
Note10Stockholders
Equity Preferred Stock Under the Companys Restated Certificate of
Incorporation, the Companys Board of Directors has the
authority to issue up to 100,000 shares of $001 par value
preferred stock, but only in connection with the adoption of a
stockholder rights plan. At December29, 2002 and
December30, 2001, no shares were issued. Common Stock The Company has authorized 340,000,000 shares of
common stock at a par value of $01 per share, divided into two
classes consisting of 170,000,000 shares of ClassA stock
and 170,000,000 shares of ClassB stock. The holders of
ClassA stock are entitled to one vote for each share held
of record on all matters submitted to a vote of the
stockholders. Except as required by law, the holders of
ClassB stock have no voting rights. A holder of either
class of common stock may convert any or all of his shares into
an equal number of shares of the other class of common stock
provided that in the case of a conversion from ClassB
stock, which is nonvoting, into ClassA stock, which is
voting, such conversion would be permitted only to the extent
that the holder of shares to be converted would be permitted
under applicable law to hold the total number of shares of
ClassA stock which would be held after giving effect to
the conversion. Effective March7, 2001, affiliates of
Citigroup Inc., one of the Companys principal
stockholders, converted 17,281,000 shares of ClassB Common
Stock into an equal number of shares of ClassA Common
Stock. As a result, no ClassB Common Stock shares were
outstanding at December29, 2002 and December30,
2001. Total common shares outstanding were not affected by this
transaction. Shares of the Companys ClassA Common
Stock and ClassB Common Stock are identical in all
respects, except that ClassB shares have no voting rights,
other than as provided by law, and there is no public market for
ClassB shares. Under a shelf registration statement filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on December18,
2000, the Company may issue up to 10,000,000 shares of
additional common stock. Shares of stock covered by this shelf
registration statement may be issued from time to time by
Fairchild International in connection with strategic
acquisitions of other businesses, assets or securities,
authorized by the companys board of directors. The
amounts, prices and other terms of share issuances would be
determined at the time of particular transactions. Public Offerings On May30, 2002, the Company completed a
follow-on public offering of 20,000,000 shares of its
ClassA Common Stock at a price to the public of $2565 per
share. On June20, 2002, the underwriters of the offering 61 Table of Contents FAIRCHILD SEMICONDUCTOR INTERNATIONAL, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued executed their option to cover over-allotments
and purchased a further 2,219,196 shares. The underwriting
discount was $109 per share. The total of 22,219,196 shares
included 16,219,196 newly issued shares sold by the Company and
6,000,000 shares sold by an existing stockholder. The Company
did not receive any proceeds from shares sold by the existing
stockholder. The net proceeds to the Company after the
underwriting discount and other related expenses were
approximately $3977million. On January25, 2000, the Company completed a
follow-on public offering of 23,500,000 shares of its
ClassA Common Stock at a price of $334375 per share. In
addition, the Company sold 1,410,000 shares and 2,115,000 shares
were sold by an existing stockholder pursuant to the
underwriters overallotment option. The underwriting
discount was $150 per share. The 23,500,000 shares included
6,140,880 newly issued shares sold by the Company and 17,359,120
shares sold by existing stockholders, including all remaining
shares owned by National Semiconductor, the Companys
former parent. The Company did not receive any proceeds from
shares sold by existing stockholders. The net proceeds to the
Company after the underwriting discount and other related
expenses were approximately $2400million. Note11 Restructuring and
Impairments The Company assesses the need to record
restructuring charges in accordance with EITF No94-3,
Liability Recognition for Certain Employee Termination
Benefits and Other Costs to Exit an Activity including Certain
Costs Incurred in a Restructuring, EITF No95-3,
Recognition of Liabilities in Connection with a Purchase
Business Combination and SAB No100, Restructuring
and Impairment Charges. In accordance with this guidance,
management must execute an exit plan that will result in the
incurrence of costs that have no future economic benefit. Also
under the terms of EITF No94-3, a liability for the
restructuring charges is recognized in the period management
approves the restructuring plan. During 2002, the Company recorded pre-tax
restructuring and impairment charges of $122million.
Employee separation costs of $36million and
$70million were recorded in the first and fourth
quarters, respectively. The charges for employee separation
arrangements provided for severance and other benefits
associated with approximately 295 salaried and hourly employees
severed as a result of these actions. The affected employees,
who worked in production, engineering, sales and marketing and
administration, were located in the United States, Europe, and
Japan. Also in the fourth quarter, a $16million
impairment charge was recorded relating to the closure of our
Carlsbad, California office. During 2001, the Company recorded pre-tax
restructuring and impairment charges of $214million. In
the first quarter, the Company recorded an $83million
charge for asset impairments relating to the consolidation of
the five-inch wafer fabrication line in South Portland, Maine.
At December30, 2001, substantially all of these assets
have been disposed of. Employee separation costs of
$12million, $39million, $08million and
$72million were recorded in the first, second, third and
fourth quarters, respectively. The charges for employee
separation arrangements provided for severance and other
benefits associated with the approximately 1,000 salaried,
hourly and temporary employees severed as a result of these
actions. The affected employees, who worked in production,
engineering, sales and marketing and administration, were
located in the United States, the Philippines, Malaysia, and
Europe. Restructuring and impairments in 2000 include
gains in the first quarter resulting from additional funds
received in connection with the sale of the Companys
former Mountain View, California facility $35million
and the adjustment of restructuring reserves upon final
execution of several prior year actions $21million. 62 Table of Contents FAIRCHILD SEMICONDUCTOR INTERNATIONAL, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued The following table summarizes the previously
mentioned restructuring and impairment charges for 2000 through
2002 in millions   
Accrual balance as of December31, 2000
$
Accrual
214
Cash payments
97
Non-cash items
104
Accrual balance as of December30, 2001
$
13
Accrual
122
Cash payments
89
Non-cash items
05
Accrual balance as of December29, 2002
$
41
All 2001 restructuring accruals were paid in
2002. The Company expects to complete payment of 2002
restructuring accruals within the next three months. Note12 Related Party
Transactions The Company provides contract manufacturing
services to National Semiconductor, who used to hold an equity
interest in the Company. On January25, 2000, National
Semiconductor sold its remaining ownership interest in the
Company and, as such, is no longer a related party. Note13
Contingencies The Company adopted the provisions of FASB
Interpretation No45, Guarantors Accounting and
Disclosure Requirements for Guarantees, Including Indirect
Guarantees of Indebtedness of Others. The Interpretation
requires that the Company recognize the fair value of guarantee
and indemnification arrangements issued or modified by the
Company after December31, 2002, if these arrangements are
within the scope of that Interpretation. In addition, under
previously existing generally accepted accounting principles,
the Company continues to monitor the conditions that are subject
to the guarantees and indemnifications to identify whether it is
probable that a loss has occurred and would recognize any such
losses under the guarantees and indemnifications when those
losses are estimable. In support of a bank line of credit made by a
strategic equity investee, the Company has issued a
$30million standby letter of credit. The Company would be
required to perform in the event of a default on the bank line
of credit of the equity investee. As recourse, the Company has
received a promise to grant a security interest in the proceeds
of certain intellectual property. As of December29, 2002,
no amounts have been accrued for any estimated losses under the
obligation, as it is probable that the equity investee will make
all scheduled payments under the bank line of credit. The Company has issued a $20million
guarantee of the existing indebtedness of a strategic technical
partner. The guarantee arose in consideration for fully paid-up
and royalty free licenses covering usage of certain intellectual
property. The Company would be required to perform in the event
of a default by the licensor. As recourse, the Company has
received a security interest in certain intellectual and other
property. As of December29, 2002, no amounts have been
accrued for any estimated losses under the obligation, as it is
probable that the strategic partner will make all scheduled
payments under the existing indebtedness. The Companys facilities in South Portland,
Maine and West Jordan, Utah have ongoing remediation projects to
respond to certain releases of hazardous substances that
occurred prior to the Recapitalization. Pursuant to the Asset
Purchase Agreement with National Semiconductor, National
Semiconductor has 63 Table of Contents FAIRCHILD SEMICONDUCTOR INTERNATIONAL, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued agreed to indemnify the Company for the future
costs of these projects. The costs incurred to respond to these
conditions were not material to the consolidated financial
statements for any period presented. The Companys former Mountain View,
California, facility is located on a contaminated site under the
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability
Act. Under the terms of the Acquisition Agreement with Raytheon
Company, Raytheon Company has assumed responsibility for all
remediation costs or other liabilities related to historical
contamination. The purchaser of the Mountain View, California
property received an environmental indemnity from us similar in
scope to the one we received from Raytheon. The Companys facility in Mountaintop,
Pennsylvania has an ongoing remediation project to respond to
releases of hazardous materials that occurred prior to
acquisition of the discrete power products DPP business from
Intersil Corporation. Under the Asset Purchase Agreement with
Intersil, Intersil indemnified the Company for specific
environmental issues. In addition, in the normal course of business,
the Company is subject to proceedings, lawsuits and other
claims, including proceedings under laws and regulations related
to environmental and other matters. All such matters are subject
to uncertainties and outcomes that are not predictable with
assurance. Consequently, the Company is unable to ascertain the
ultimate aggregate amount of monetary liability or financial
impact with respect to these additional matters at
December29, 2002. It is managements opinion that
after final disposition, any monetary liability or financial
impact to the Company would not be material to the
Companys financial position, annual results of operations
or cash flows. Note14 Financial
Instruments Fair Value and Notional Principal of
Derivative Financial Instruments The table below shows the fair value and notional
principal of the Companys derivative financial instruments
as of December29, 2002 and December30, 2001. The
notional principal amounts for these instruments provide one
measure of the transaction volume outstanding as of year end and
do not represent the amount of the Companys exposure to
credit or market loss. The estimates of fair value are based on
applicable and commonly used pricing models using prevailing
financial market information as of December29, 2002 and
December30, 2001. Although the following table reflects
the notional principal and fair value of amounts of derivative
financial instruments, it does not reflect the gains or losses
associated with the exposures and transactions that these
financial instruments are intended to hedge. The amounts
ultimately realized upon settlement of these financial
instruments, together with the gains and losses on the
underlying exposures will depend on actual market conditions
during the remaining life of the instruments.   
December29, 2002
December30, 2001   
Notional
Carrying
Estimated
Notional
Carrying
Estimated   
Principal
Amount
Fair Value
Principal
Amount
Fair Value   
In millions   
Foreign currency exchange contracts
$
702
$
17
$
17
$
780
$
16
$
16
64 Table of Contents FAIRCHILD SEMICONDUCTOR INTERNATIONAL, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued Fair Value of Financial Instruments A summary table of estimated fair values of other
financial instruments is as follows   
December29, 2002
December30, 2001   
Carrying
Estimated
Carrying
Estimated   
Amount
Fair Value
Amount
Fair Value   
In millions   
Long-Term Debt:
Senior subordinated notes
$
6500
$
6961
$
9350
$
9648
Convertible Senior Subordinated Notes
2000
1802
2000
2354
Term loans
32
32
36
36
Revolving Credit Facility borrowings
Note15 Operating Segment and
Geographic Information Fairchild designs, develops, manufactures and
markets high performance multi-market semiconductors. The
Company is currently organized into three reportable segments:
Analog and Mixed Signal Products Group, Discrete Products Group
and Logic and Memory Products Group. The Company has determined that its
Optoelectronics Group does not meet the threshold for a separate
reportable segment under SFAS No131, and accordingly
these segments results are included as part of the
Other category for all periods presented. Management
evaluates the contract manufacturing business differently than
its other operating segments due in large part to the fact that
it is predominantly driven by contractual agreements for limited
time periods entered into with National Semiconductor and
Samsung Electronics. In addition to the operating segments mentioned
above, the Company also operates global operations, sales and
marketing, information systems, finance and administration
groups that are led by vice presidents who report to the Chief
Executive Officer. The expenses of these groups are allocated to
the operating segments and are included in the operating results
reported below. The Company does not allocate income taxes to
its operating segments, and while interest expense allocations
are made for informational purposes, the operating segments are
principally evaluated on operating profit before interest and
taxes. The Company does not specifically identify and
allocate all assets by operating segment. It is the
Companys policy to fully allocate depreciation and
amortization to its operating segments. Operating segments do
not sell products to each other, and accordingly, there are no
inter-segment revenues to be reported. The accounting policies
for segment reporting are the same as for the Company as a whole. 65 Table of Contents FAIRCHILD SEMICONDUCTOR INTERNATIONAL, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued Statement of operations information on reportable
segments for 2002, 2001, and 2000 is as follows   
Year Ended   
December 29,
December 30,
December 31   
2002
2001
2000   
In millions   
Revenue and Operating Income Loss:
Analog and Mixed Signal Products Group
Trade revenue
$
3588
$
3242
$
4056
Operating income
278
25
448
Discrete Products Group
Trade revenue
$
7354
$
6646
$
7490
Operating income
454
285
1297
Logic and Memory Products Group
Trade revenue
$
1957
$
2834
$
4709
Operating income
09
223
1125
Other
Trade revenue
$
746
$
667
$
561
Contract manufacturing revenue
474
688
1016
Operating income loss1
29
248
409
Total Consolidated
Trade revenue
$
1,3645
$
1,3389
$
1,6816
Contract manufacturing revenue
474
688
1016
Operating income
712
285
3279
1
Other includes in 2002, $17million of
in-process research and development costs associated with the
Companys acquisitions of I-Cube and SPT,
$122million for restructuring; in 2001,
$138million of in-process research and development costs
associated with the Companys acquisitions of DPP and
Impala Linear Corporation, and $214million for
restructuring; in 2000, a $35million gain resulting from
additional funds received in connection with the sale of the
Companys former Mountain View, California facility, a
$21million gain for the adjustment of restructuring
reserves upon final execution of several prior year actions and
$90million of in-process research and development costs
associated with the Companys QTOptoelectronics, KOTA
and Micro Linear acquisitions.
Depreciation and amortization by reportable
operating segment were as follows   
Year Ended   
December 29,
December 30,
December 31   
2002
2001
2000   
In millions   
Analog and Mixed Signal Products Group
$
407
$
366
$
338
Discrete Products Group
913
848
581
Logic and Memory
295
431
521
Other
100
146
71
Total
$
1715
$
1791
$
1511
66 Table of Contents FAIRCHILD SEMICONDUCTOR INTERNATIONAL, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued Geographic revenue information is based on the
locations of the selling entities within the indicated
geographic areas. No individual foreign country except Korea is
material to total revenues. Revenues by geographic region were as follows   
Year Ended   
December 29,
December 30,
December 31   
2002
2001
2000   
In millions   
Total Revenues:
United States
$
1917
$
2446
$
3965
Other North America
534
802
738
Korea
3044
2648
3210
Asia/Pacific
7123
6373
7649
Europe
1501
1808
2270
Total
$
1,4119
$
1,4077
$
1,7832
In 2002, 2001 and in 2000, sales to Samsung
Electronics accounted for 115%, 101% and 89%, respectively,
of the Companys total revenues. Geographic property, plant and equipment balances
as of December29, 2002 and December30, 2001 are
based on the physical locations within the indicated geographic
areas and are as follows   
December 29,
December 30   
2002
2001   
In millions   
Property, Plant Equipment,
Net:
United States
$
3335
$
3263
Korea
1969
1906
Philippines
503
575
Malaysia
551
713
All Others
291
173
Total
$
6649
$
6630
Note16 Acquisitions and
Divestures On March25, 2002, the Company completed its
acquisition of the assets of Signal Processing Technologies,
Inc. SPT, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Toko, Inc., for
approximately $40million in cash. The acquired business,
located in Colorado Springs, Colorado, markets high performance
analog-to-digital and digital-to-analog converters and
comparators for the consumer, communications and industrial
markets. The purchase also includes a design center in Horten,
Norway. The transaction was accounted for as a purchase
and the acquired businesss results of operations since the
date of acquisition have been included in the accompanying
statement of operations. In connection with the SPT purchase,
the Company recorded a non-recurring charge of $07million
for in-process research and development. The remaining purchase
price was allocated to various tangible and identifiable
intangible assets, which will be amortized over their estimated
useful lives of 5years. On March20, 2002, the Company completed its
acquisition of the cross-point switch product line and
associated intellectual property of I-Cube, Inc. I-Cube for
approximately $10million in cash. Cross-point switch
products are critical to Internet infrastructure, data
communications, telecommunications, broadcast 67 Table of Contents FAIRCHILD SEMICONDUCTOR INTERNATIONAL, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued video, test equipment and digital signal
processing. The transaction was accounted for as a purchase and
the acquired product lines results of operation since the
date of acquisition have been included in the accompanying
statement of operations. The purchase price was allocated
entirely to in-process research and development. On March20, 2002, the Company sold its
military and space-related discrete power product line to
International Rectifier Corporation for approximately
$296million in cash. As a result of the sale, the Company
recorded a gain of $211million, which was net of the
assets acquired by International Rectifier, transaction fees and
other exit costs associated with the sale. On September5, 2001, the Company completed
its acquisition of Impala Linear Corporation Impala for
approximately $46million, subject to post-closing
adjustments, paid in the Companys common stock. Impala
designs analog power management semiconductors for a wide range
of portable devices including laptops, MP3 players, cell phones,
portable test equipment and PDAs. The transaction was
accounted for as a purchase and the acquired businesss
results of operations since the date of acquisition have been
included in the accompanying statement of operations. The
purchase price has been allocated based on estimated fair values
at the date of acquisition. In connection with the Impala
acquisition, the Company recorded a $10million charge for
in-process research and development. The allocation resulted in
acquired goodwill of approximately $51million. On March16, 2001, the Company completed its
acquisition of DPP for a purchase price of approximately
$3442million in cash, including related acquisition
expenses, subject to post-closing adjustments. DPP was a leading
provider of silicon-based discrete power devices for the
computer, communications, industrial, automotive, and space and
defense end-user markets. The transaction was accounted for as a
purchase and DPPs results of operations since the date of
acquisition have been included in the accompanying statement of
operations. The purchase price has been allocated based on
estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. In connection
with the DPP acquisition, the Company recorded a charge of
$128million for in-process research and development. The
allocation resulted in acquired goodwill of approximately
$1661million, with the remainder of the purchase price in
excess of the fair value of net tangible assets allocated to
various other intangible assets. On September8, 2000, the Company completed
its acquisition of the power management business of Micro Linear
Corporation Micro Linear for a purchase price of approximately
$110million in cash. Micro Linears power management
business consists of analog products including offline power
switches, low power battery management, video filters and bus
terminators. The transaction was accounted for as a purchase and
Micro Linears results of operations since the date of
acquisition have been included in the accompanying statements of
operations. In connection with the Micro Linear acquisition, the
Company recorded a charge of $33million for in-process
research and development. The purchase price in excess of the
fair value of net tangible and identifiable intangible assets
was recorded as goodwill in the amount of $32million. On September8, 2000, the Company also
completed its acquisition of KOTA Microcircuits, Inc.
KOTAfor approximately $121million, paid in the
Companys common stock. For the KOTA acquisition, the
Company issued 247,192 shares of common stock with 59,034 held
in escrow. KOTA designs manufactures and markets
high-performance operational amplifiers and other standard
linear products. The transaction was accounted for as a purchase
and KOTAs results of operations since the date of
acquisition have been included in the accompanying statements of
operations. In connection with the KOTA acquisition, the Company
recorded a charge of $25million for in-process research
and development. The purchase price in excess of the fair value
of net tangible and identifiable intangible assets was recorded
as goodwill in the amount of $81million. On May28, 2000, the Company completed its
acquisition of QT Optoelectronics, Inc. QTOfor
approximately $920million, 866percent paid in the
Companys common stock 1,918,002 shares with the 68 Table of Contents FAIRCHILD SEMICONDUCTOR INTERNATIONAL, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTSContinued remainder paid in cash. In addition, in
conjunction with the acquisition, the Company assumed and
immediately repaid $140million of QTOs long-term
debt. QTO designs, manufactures and markets LED lamps and
displays, infrared components, custom optoelectronics and
optocouplers and is the worlds largest independent company
solely focused on optoelectronics. The transaction was accounted
for as a purchase and QTOs results of operations since the
date of acquisition have been included in the accompanying
statements of operations. In connection with the QTO
acquisition, the Company recorded a charge of $32million
for in-process research and development. The remaining purchase
price in excess of the fair value of net tangible assets was
recorded as goodwill in the amount of $603million and to
various other intangible assets. All acquisitions completed for 2002, 2001 and
2000 are immaterial and, therefore, no pro forma results of
operations are presented. Note 17 Derivatives Effective January1, 2001, the Company
adopted SFAS No133, Accounting for Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activities, which establishes
accounting and reporting standards for derivative instruments,
including certain derivative instruments embedded in other
contracts and for hedging activities, and SFASNo138
Accounting for Certain Derivatives and Hedging
Activities An Amendment of FASB Statement
No133, which modified certain provisions of SFAS
No133. All derivatives, whether designated as hedging
relationships or not, are required to be recorded on the balance
sheet at fair value. The Company utilizes fair value hedges, as
defined by SFAS No133 and SFAS No138, to hedge
certain foreign currency balance sheet exposures and cash flow
hedges to hedge certain foreign currency forecasted revenue
streams. If the derivative is designated as a fair value hedge,
the changes in the fair value of the derivative and of the
hedged item attributable to the hedged risk are recognized in
earnings. If the derivative is designated as a cash flow hedge,
the effective portions of changes in fair value of the
derivative are recorded in other comprehensive income
OCIand are recognized in the income statement when the
hedged item affects earnings. Ineffective portions of changes in
the fair value of cash flow hedges are recognized in earnings. The Company monitors its foreign currency
exposures to maximize the overall effectiveness of its foreign
currency hedge positions. Principal currencies hedged include
the Euro and the Japanese yen. The Companys objectives for
holding derivatives are to minimize the risks using the most
effective methods to reduce the impact of these exposures. Changes in the fair value of derivative
instruments related to time value are included in the assessment
of hedge effectiveness. Hedge ineffectiveness, determined in
accordance with SFAS No133 and SFAS No138, had no
impact on earnings for the years ended December29, 2002
and December30, 2001. No cash flow hedges were
derecognized or discontinued in 2002 or 2001. The adoption of SFAS No133 and SFAS
No138 on January1, 2001, resulted in no cumulative
adjustment to income or OCI as no cash flow derivative
instruments were outstanding at December31, 2000. Note 18 Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements Fairchild International and certain of Fairchild
Semiconductor Corporations subsidiaries are guarantors
under the Senior Subordinated Notes. Accordingly, presented
below are condensed consolidating balance sheets of Fairchild
International as of December29, 2002 and December30,
2001 and related condensed consolidating statements of
operations and cash flows for 2002, 2001, and 2000. 69 Table of Contents FAIRCHILD SEMICONDUCTOR INTERNATIONAL,
INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING BALANCE
SHEETS   
December 29, 2002   
Unconsolidated
Unconsolidated
Consolidated   
Fairchild
Fairchild
Non-
Fairchild   
Semiconductor
Semiconductor
Guarantor
Guarantor
Semiconductor   
International, Inc.
Corporation
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Eliminations
International, Inc.   
In millions   
ASSETS
Current assets:
Cash and cash equivalents
$
$
5934
$
$
249
$
$
6183
Short term marketable securities
20
20
Accounts receivable, net
244
13
1249
1506
Inventories
1065
169
854
2088
Deferred income taxes
268
08
05
281
Other current assets
38
01
86
125
Total current assets
7569
191
2443
1,0203
Property, plant and equipment, net
2689
646
3314
6649
Deferred income taxes
59
723
127
93
816
Intangible assets, net
136
2875
1374
4385
Long-term marketable securities
304
304
Investment in subsidiary
1,2104
1,0106
1560
144
2,3914
Other assets
394
17
113
524
Total assets
$
1,2163
$
2,1921
$
5416
$
7295
$
2,3914
$
2,2881
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS
EQUITY
Current liabilities:
Current portion of long-term debt
$
$
04
$
$
$
$
04
Accounts payable
507
39
591
1137
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities
598
46
284
928
Total current liabilities
1109
85
875
2069
Long-term debt, less current portion
8528
8528
Net intercompany receivable payable
159
508
349
Other liabilities
32
17
83
132
Total liabilities
9828
406
1307
1,0729
Commitments and contingencies
Stockholders equity:
ClassA common stock
12
12
Additional paid-in capital
1,2211
1,2211
Retained earnings deficit
24
1,2104
5822
5988
2,3914
24
Accumulated other comprehensive loss
11
11
Less treasury stock at cost
36
36
Total stockholders equity
1,2163
1,2093
5822
5988
2,3914
1,2152
Total liabilities and stockholders equity
$
1,2163
$
2,1921
$
5416
$
7295
$
2,3914
$
2,2881
70 Table of Contents FAIRCHILD SEMICONDUCTOR INTERNATIONAL,
INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF
OPERATIONS   
Year Ended December29, 2002   
Unconsolidated
Unconsolidated
Consolidated   
Fairchild
Fairchild
Non-
Fairchild   
Semiconductor
Semiconductor
Guarantor
Guarantor
Semiconductor   
International, Inc.
Corporation
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Eliminations
International, Inc.   
In millions   
Revenue:
Net sales trade
$
$
2068
$
36
$
1,1541
$
$
1,3645
Net sales intercompany
9182
1458
3695
1,4335
Contract manufacturing
364
110
474
Total revenue
1,1614
1494
1,5346
1,4335
1,4119
Operating expenses:
Cost of sales trade
601
30
9617
1,0248
Cost of sales intercompany
9232
1420
3683
1,4335
Cost of contract
manufacturing
308
61
369
Research and development
353
223
246
822
Selling, general and administrative
577
397
477
1451
Amortization of acquisition-related intangibles
93
285
378
Purchased in-process research and development
10
07
17
Restructuring and impairments
74
24
24
122
Total operating expenses
1,1155
2194
1,4393
1,4335
1,3407
Operating income loss
459
700
953
712
Interest expense
992
992
Interest income
114
02
10
126
Other income expense, net
221
211
10
Equity in subsidiary income
loss
25
420
643
1038
Income loss before income
taxes
25
220
156
963
1038
164
Provision benefit for income taxes
195
04
60
139
Net income loss
$
25
$
25
$
160
$
903
$
1038
$
25
71 Table of Contents FAIRCHILD SEMICONDUCTOR INTERNATIONAL,
INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF CASH
FLOWS   
Year Ended December29, 2002   
Unconsolidated
Unconsolidated
Consolidated   
Fairchild
Fairchild
Non-
Fairchild   
Semiconductor
Semiconductor
Guarantor
Guarantor
Semiconductor   
International, Inc.
Corporation
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
International, Inc.   
In millions   
Cash flows provided by operating activities:
$
$
704
$
55
$
612
$
1371
Investing activities:
Capital expenditures
632
55
613
1300
Purchase of molds and tooling
31
31
Purchase of long-term marketable securities
304
304
Purchase of strategic investments
20
20
Acquisitions and divestitures, net of cash
acquired
239
239
Investment in from affiliate
4038
4038
Cash provided by used in investing activities
4038
3321
55
644
1416
Financing activities:
Repayment of long-term debt
2854
2854
Proceeds from issuance of common stock and from
exercise of stock options, net
4111
4111
Purchase of treasury stock
73
73
Cash provided by used in financing activities
4038
2854
1184
Net change in cash and cash equivalents
1171
32
1139
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period
4763
281
5044
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period
$
$
5934
$
$
249
$
6183
Supplemental Cash Flow Information:
Cash paid received, net during the period for:
Income taxes
$
$
60
$
$
37
$
23
Interest
$
$
851
$
$
$
851
72 Table of Contents FAIRCHILD SEMICONDUCTOR INTERNATIONAL,
INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING BALANCE
SHEETS   
December30, 2001   
Unconsolidated
Unconsolidated
Consolidated   
Fairchild
Fairchild
Non-
Fairchild   
Semiconductor
Semiconductor
Guarantor
Guarantor
Semiconductor   
International, Inc.
Corporation
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Eliminations
International, Inc.   
In millions   
ASSETS
Current assets:
Cash and cash equivalents
$
$
4763
$
$
281
$
$
5044
Accounts receivable, net
318
14
1004
1336
Inventories
1139
210
742
2091
Deferred income taxes
152
08
04
164
Other current assets
39
01
80
120
Total current assets
6411
233
2111
8755
Property, plant and equipment, net
2588
676
3366
6630
Deferred income taxes
59
540
129
113
615
Intangible assets, net
140
3008
1650
4798
Investment in subsidiary
8011
8949
1540
20
1,8520
Other assets
546
30
118
694
Total assets
$
8070
$
1,9174
$
5616
$
7152
$
1,8520
$
2,1492
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS
EQUITY
Current liabilities:
Current portion of long-term debt
$
$
04
$
$
$
$
04
Accounts payable
481
75
511
1067
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities
593
32
202
827
Total current liabilities
1078
107
713
1898
Long-term debt, less current portion
1,1382
1,1382
Net intercompany receivablepayable
1361
221
1582
Other liabilities
64
20
48
132
Total liabilities
1,1163
94
2343
1,3412
Commitments and contingencies
Stockholders equity:
ClassA common stock
10
10
ClassB common stock
Additional paid-in capital
8097
8097
Retained earnings
01
8001
5710
4809
1,8520
01
Accumulated other comprehensive income
10
10
Less treasury stock at cost
38
38
Total stockholders equity
8070
8011
5710
4809
1,8520
8080
Total liabilities and stockholders equity
$
8070
$
1,9174
$
5616
$
7152
$
1,8520
$
2,1492
73 Table of Contents FAIRCHILD SEMICONDUCTOR INTERNATIONAL,
INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF
OPERATIONS   
Year Ended December30, 2001   
Unconsolidated
Unconsolidated
Consolidated   
Fairchild
Fairchild
Non-
Fairchild   
Semiconductor
Semiconductor
Guarantor
Guarantor
Semiconductor   
International, Inc.
Corporation
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Eliminations
International, Inc.   
In millions   
Revenue:
Net sales trade
$
$
2449
$
569
$
1,0371
$
$
1,3389
Net sales intercompany
8833
922
2899
1,2654
Contract manufacturing
580
108
688
Total revenue
1,1862
1491
1,3378
1,2654
1,4077
Operating expenses:
Cost of sales
1252
452
8356
1,0060
Cost of sales intercompany
9152
884
2618
1,2654
Cost of contract manufacturing
415
61
476
Research and development
408
212
210
830
Selling, general and administrative
893
171
479
1543
Amortization of acquisition-related intangibles
04
231
296
531
Purchased in-process research and development
10
128
138
Restructuring and impairments
141
31
42
214
Total operating expenses
1,2275
2109
1,2062
1,2654
1,3792
Operating income loss
413
618
1316
285
Interest expense
1036
01
02
1039
Interest income
145
04
04
153
Other expense, net
40
40
Equity in subsidiary income loss
417
690
125
398
Income loss before income taxes
417
654
490
1318
398
641
Provision benefit for income taxes
237
07
20
224
Net income loss
$
417
$
417
$
483
$
1298
$
398
$
417
74 Table of Contents FAIRCHILD SEMICONDUCTOR INTERNATIONAL,
INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF CASH
FLOWS   
Year Ended December 30, 2001   
Unconsolidated
Unconsolidated
Consolidated   
Fairchild
Fairchild
Non-
Fairchild   
Semiconductor
Semiconductor
Guarantor
Guarantor
Semiconductor   
International, Inc.
Corporation
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
International, Inc.   
In millions   
Cash flows provided by operating activities:
$
$
1021
$
08
$
529
$
1558
Investing activities:
Capital expenditures
695
07
476
1178
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and
equipment
41
41
Purchase of molds and tooling
01
45
46
Purchase of strategic investments
35
35
Acquisitions, net of cash acquired
3445
3445
Investment infrom affiliate
15
15
Cash used in investing activities
15
4119
08
521
4663
Financing activities:
Repayment of long-term debt
1205
1205
Issuance of long-term debt
5500
5500
Proceeds from issuance of common stock and from
exercise of stock options, net
73
73
Purchase of treasury stock
58
58
Debt issuance costs
179
179
Cash provided by financing activities
15
4116
4131
Net change in cash and cash equivalents
1018
08
1026
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period
3745
273
4018
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period
$
$
4763
$
$
281
$
5044
Supplemental Cash Flow Information:
Cash paid receivedduring the period for:
Income taxes
$
$
03
$
$
168
$
165
Interest
$
$
823
$
$
$
823
75 Table of Contents FAIRCHILD SEMICONDUCTOR INTERNATIONAL,
INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF
OPERATIONS   
Year Ended December 31, 2000   
Unconsolidated
Unconsolidated
Consolidated   
Fairchild
Fairchild
Non-
Fairchild   
Semiconductor
Semiconductor
Guarantor
Guarantor
Semiconductor   
International, Inc.
Corporation
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Eliminations
International, Inc.   
In millions   
Revenue:
Net sales-trade
$
$
3901
$
423
$
1,2492
$
$
1,6816
Net sales- intercompany
1,0633
192
978
1,1803
Contract manufacturing
765
251
1016
Total revenue
1,5299
615
1,3721
1,1803
1,7832
Operating expenses:
Cost of sales
1212
310
9265
1,0787
Cost of sales- intercompany
1,0850
183
770
1,1803
Cost of contract manufacturing
545
108
653
Research and development
489
140
210
839
Selling, general and administrative
289
96
1479
1864
Amortization of acquisition-related intangibles
02
71
303
376
Purchased in-process research and development
58
32
90
Restructuring and impairments
23
33
56
Total operating expenses
1,3422
767
1,2167
1,1803
1,4553
Operating income loss
1877
152
1554
3279
Interest expense
813
813
Interest income
222
02
09
233
Other income, net
08
08
Equity in subsidiary income
2672
1331
980
4983
Income before income taxes
2672
2625
830
1563
4983
2707
Provision benefit for income taxes
59
47
82
164
24
Net income
$
2731
$
2672
$
912
$
1399
$
4983
$
2731
76 Table of Contents FAIRCHILD SEMICONDUCTOR INTERNATIONAL,
INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF CASH
FLOWS   
Year Ended December 31, 2000   
Unconsolidated
Unconsolidated
Consolidated   
Fairchild
Fairchild
Non-
Fairchild   
Semiconductor
Semiconductor
Guarantor
Guarantor
Semiconductor   
International, Inc.
Corporation
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
International, Inc.   
In millions   
Cash flows provided by used in operating
activities:
$
$
2712
$
703
$
1802
$
3811
Cash flows from investing activities:
Capital expenditures
1340
02
1677
3019
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and
equipment
35
35
Purchase of molds and tooling
66
66
Purchase of strategic investments
72
72
Acquisitions, net of cash acquired
107
238
345
Investment infrom affiliate
2442
1534
908
Cash provided by used in investing activities
2442
15
703
1743
3467
Cash flows from financing activities:
Repayment of long-term debt
1336
1336
Issuance of long-term debt
1202
1202
Proceeds from issuance of common stock and from
exercise of stock options, net
2487
2487
Purchase of treasury stock
45
45
Debt issuance costs
21
21
Cash provided by used in financing activities
2442
155
2287
Net change in cash and cash equivalents
2572
59
2631
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period
1173
214
1387
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period
$
$
3745
$
$
273
$
4018
Supplemental Cash Flow Information:
Cash paid during the year for:
Income taxes
$
$
12
$
$
45
$
57
Interest
$
$
726
$
$
$
726
77 Table of Contents Note 19 Unaudited Quarterly
Financial Information The following is a summary of unaudited quarterly
financial information for 2002 and 2001 in millions, except per
share amounts   
2002   
First
Second
Third
Fourth   
Total revenue
$
3369
$
3605
$
3606
$
3539
Gross profit
796
964
901
841
Net income lossa
27
130
43
35
Basic earnings lossper common share
$
003
$
012
$
004
$
003
Diluted earnings lossper common share
$
003
$
012
$
004
$
003
2001   
First
Second
Third
Fourth   
Total revenue
$
3853
$
3724
$
3254
$
3246
Gross profit
1181
925
651
784
Net income lossb
16
80
191
162
Basic earnings lossper common share
$
002
$
008
$
019
$
016
Diluted earnings loss per common share
$
002
$
008
$
019
$
016
Note:Amounts may not add due to
rounding   
a
Includes a total of $17million for
in-process research and development charges recorded in the
first quarter, a total of $122million for restructuring
and impairments recorded in the first and fourth quarters,
$221million for costs associated with the redemption of
101/8Notes in the second quarter, $16million
inventory charge associated with the Analog restructuring
recorded in the fourth quarter and a $211million gain on
the sale of the space and defense product line in the first
quarter.
b
Includes a total of $138million for
in-process research and development charges recorded in the
first and third quarters, a total of $214million for
restructuring and impairments, $25million recorded in the
second quarter for the write-off of the digitizer product line
in the Companys Analog and Mixed Signal Segment and
$40million, recorded in the fourth quarter for the
write-off of an equity investment.
Note 20 Subsequent Event On January16, 2003, the Company announced
the closing of its 6-inch Fab in Mountaintop, Pennsylvania. The
products currently built in this 6-inch fab are planned to be
either converted into other products or transferred to other
locations. The total cost of this closure is anticipated to cost
approximately $20 to $25million, and will include
severance and related expenses along with the write-off of
related fixed assets. All closure activity is anticipated to be
completed by the end of 2003. 78 Table of Contents   
Item 1. Business
Item 2. Properties
Item 3. Legal Proceedings
Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
PART II
Item 5.
Directors and Executive Officers of the
Registrant The information regarding directors set forth
under the caption Proposal1 Election of
Directors appearing in our definitive proxy statement for
the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on May8,
2003, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission not later than 120days after December29,
2002 the 2003 Proxy Statement, is incorporated by
reference. The information regarding executive officers set
forth under the caption Executive Officers in
Item1 of this Annual Report on Form10-K is
incorporated by reference.   
Item 1. Business
Item 2. Properties
Item 3. Legal Proceedings
Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
PART II
Item 5.
Security Ownership of Certain Holders and
Management The information set forth under the caption
Stock Ownership by 5% Stockholders, Directors and Certain
Executive Officers in the 2003 Proxy Statement is
incorporated by reference.   
