ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
The information required by this item is set forth in the Company
Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data contained in this
Report and is incorporated herein by reference. Specific financial statements
and supplementary data can be found at the pages listed in the following index:
PAGE
Report of Independent   F-1
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 1996 and
F-2
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended
December 31, 1995, 1996 and   F-3
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the
years ended December 31, 1995, 1996 and 1997.  F-4
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended
December 31, 1995, 1996 and   F-5
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  F-6
Item 3    Legal    3
Item 4    Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.   3
PART II
Item 5    Market for Registrant Common Equity and Related
Stockholder    4
Item 6    Selected Financial    4
Item 7. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
The directors and executive officers of the Company are as follows:
NAME         AGE    POSITION
Milton Fine             71    Chairman of the Board
W. Thomas Parrington, Jr.      53    President, Chief Executive Officer and Director
J. William Richardson        50    Executive Vice President, Finance and Administration and
Chief Financial Officer
Robert L. Froman          51    Executive Vice President, Development
Thomas D. Reese           52    Executive Vice President, Operations
Marvin I. Droz           43    Senior Vice President and General Counsel
David J. Fine            34    Director
R. Michael McCullough        59    Director
Thomas J. Saylak          37    Director
Steven J. Smith           57    Director
Milton Fine co-founded the Company in 1961 and served as the Company
Chief Executive Officer through March 1996. Mr. Fine is a life trustee of the
Carnegie Institute and Chairman of the Board of the Carnegie Museum of Art. He
is also a member of the Board of Trustees of the University of Pittsburgh and a
member of the Board of Directors of the Andy Warhol Museum in Pittsburgh,
Pennsylvania.
W. Thomas Parrington, Jr. has been with the Company since 1981, serving as
Chief Executive Officer since April 1996, President and Director since 1994 and
as Chief Financial Officer prior thereto.
J. William Richardson has served as the Company Executive Vice President,
Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer since 1994. Mr.
Richardson previously served as Controller and Treasurer of the Company since
1988.
Robert L. Froman has been with the Company since 1984, serving as Executive
Vice President, Development since 1986.
Thomas D. Reese has served as Executive Vice President, Operations since
joining the Company in October 1996. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Reese was
Vice President of Marriott Hotels, Resorts and Suites from August 1992 to
October 1996 and general manager of the New York Marriott Marquis Hotel prior
thereto.
Marvin I. Droz has served as Senior Vice President and General Counsel
since joining the Company in 1990.
David J. Fine has been a Director of the Company since 1991. Mr. Fine is an
attorney specializing in the areas of real estate finance and property
acquisition, development and disposition. From 1991 to 1996, Mr. Fine was an
attorney with Eckert, Seamans, Cherin & Mellott, and from 1990 to 1991 he was an
attorney with Gaston and Snow. David J. Fine is the son of Milton Fine.
R. Michael McCullough has been a Director of the Company since 1991. Mr.
McCullough is Senior Chairman retired of Booz, Allen & Hamilton, Inc., an
international management and technology consulting firm.
Thomas J. Saylak has been a Director of the Company since December 1995.
Mr. Saylak is a Senior Managing Director of The Blackstone Group. Prior to
joining Blackstone in 1993, Mr. Saylak was a principal in Trammell Crow
Ventures, the real estate investment, banking and investment management unit of
Trammell Crow Company, from 1987 to 1993.
12
14
Steven J. Smith has been a Director of the Company since 1991 and has been
a management consultant since 1989.
COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD
The Board of Directors of the Company the Board has established two
directorate committees--a compensation committee the Compensation Committee
and an audit review committee the Audit Review Committee.
Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee reviews executive
salaries, administers the bonus, incentive compensation and stock option plans
of the Company and approves the salaries and other benefits of the executive
officers of the Company. In addition, the Compensation Committee consults with
the Company management regarding pension and other benefit plans and the
compensation policies and practices of the Company. The Compensation Committee
was formed in June 1996 in connection with the IPO and is composed of R. Michael
McCullough Chairman and Steven J. Smith, who are not employed by the Company
or any of its affiliates Non-Employee Directors and are not eligible to
receive options or other rights under any employee stock or other benefit plan
other than plans in which only directors may participate. Before June 1996,
decisions regarding the compensation of officers were made by the Board.
Audit Review Committee. The Audit Review Committee reviews the professional
services provided by the Company independent accountants and the independence
of such accountants from the management of the Company. The Audit Review
Committee also reviews the scope of the audit by the Company independent
accountants, the annual financial statements of the Company, the Company
system of internal accounting controls and such other matters with respect to
the accounting, auditing and financial reporting practices and procedures of the
Company as it finds appropriate or as are brought to its attention, and meets
from time to time with members of the Company internal audit staff. The Audit
Review Committee was formed in June 1996 in connection with the IPO and is
required to consist solely of Non-Employee Directors. The current members of the
Audit Review Committee are Thomas J. Saylak and Steven J. Smith Chairman.
DIRECTOR COMPENSATION
Directors who are Non-Employee Directors are paid an annual retainer of
$25,000 plus $1,000 for each Board meeting or working session attended. In
addition, members of each directorate committee are paid $1,000 $1,250 in the
case of the committee chairman for each committee meeting attended on days on
which the Board does not also meet. Non-Employee Directors are also entitled
under the Company Stock Option Plan for Non-Employee Directors to receive, at
the time such person becomes a director, an option to purchase 5,000 shares of
Common Stock at an exercise price per share equal to the market value of a share
of Common Stock on such date and, annually, an option to purchase 5,000 shares
of Common Stock at an exercise price equal to the market value of a share of
Common Stock on the date of the annual meeting of shareholders.
