ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
The consolidated financial statements of the Company and report of independent
auditors included on pages 24 - 45 of the Annual Report to Stockholders for the
fiscal year ended October 31, 1999 are incorporated herein by reference.
Quarterly Results of Operations on page 45 of the 1999 Annual Report to
Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS.
There were no matters submitted to a vote of stockholders during the
fourth quarter of fiscal year 1999.
Item 4A. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
Regarding the directors of the Registrant, reference is made to the
information set forth under the caption Election of Directors in the Company
definitive Proxy Statement, which information is incorporated by reference
herein.
The principal executive officers of the Company and their recent
business experience are as follows      Name                Office Held            Age
Mark G. Kachur..   Chairman of the Board of Directors,   56
President and Chief Executive
Officer
Michael H. Croft..   Senior Vice President and President   55
of the Consumer Filter Products
Group
Frederick C. Flynn, Jr..   Senior Vice President - Finance and   49
Administration, Chief Financial
Officer, Treasurer, and Assistant
Secretary
Timothy B. Carney..   Vice President, Controller,       47
Assistant Secretary, and Senior
Vice President - Water Group
Finance and Administration
Thomas J. Hamlin..   Senior Vice President, Research &    38
Development
Anthony C. Doina..   Vice President and General Manager,   43
US Process Filtration Division
John A. Tomich..   Counsel and Secretary          42     None of the officers are related and they are elected from year to year
or until their successors are duly elected and qualified.
Mark G. Kachur. Mr. Kachur is the President and Chief Executive Officer
of the Company and, effective November 1, 1999, Chairman of the Board of
Directors. Mr. Kachur has been a director of the Company since July 1996. Since
joining the Company in 1994, Mr. Kachur has been a Senior Vice President of
Commercial Intertech and President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company.
From 1992 until 1994, he was President and CEO of Biotage, Inc., from 1971 to
1991, he was with Pall Corporation, the last seven years as a Group Vice
President. He holds a bachelor of science degree in Mechanical Engineering from
Purdue University and a master degree in Business Administration from the
University of Hartford.                    11
12
Michael H. Croft. Mr. Croft is a Senior Vice President of the Company,
and effective December 1997, the President of the Water Group. From 1993 through
1996 Mr. Croft was President - U.S. Operations of the Company. From 1984 until
1993 he was with CUNO Pacific Rim operations serving as Managing Director of
CUNO Pacific, CUNO Asia with oversight of CUNO K.K. Japan. He holds a
bachelor degree in Engineering Chemistry from The University of Sydney and a
Certificate in Marketing from the University of New South Wales.
Frederick C. Flynn, Jr. Mr. Flynn is the Senior Vice President -
Finance and Administration, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, and Assistant
Secretary of the Company. Prior to joining CUNO in January 1999, Mr. Flynn was
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of GE Capital Information
Technology Solutions. From 1989 to 1995 Mr. Flynn was Vice President and
Treasurer of United Technologies Corporation. He holds a bachelor of science
degree in Economics from Boston College and a master degree in Business
Administration from the University of Connecticut.
Timothy B. Carney. Mr. Carney is the Company Vice President Controller and Assistant Secretary, and effective November 1999, Senior Vice
President - Finance and Administration of the Company worldwide Water Group.
From 1993 until joining the Company, he served Commercial Intertech as CUNO Inc.
Group Controller and from 1989 until 1993 he served Commercial Intertech as
General Manager and Controller of Water Factory Systems. He holds a bachelor of
science degree in economics and a master degree in Business Administration
from Youngstown State University.
Thomas J. Hamlin. Mr. Hamlin is the Senior Vice President of Research
and Development. Since joining the Company in 1983, Mr. Hamlin has held a
variety of positions including managerial positions in manufacturing and plant
operations as well as Vice President of Product Development. Mr. Hamlin holds a
bachelor of science degree in mechanical engineering from Rensselaer Polytechnic
Institute and a master degree in Business Administration from RPI, Hartford
Graduate Center.
Anthony C. Doina. Mr. Doina is the Vice President and General Manager
of the US Process Filtration Division, effective November 1998. Since joining
the Company in 1994, Mr. Doina has also served in the capacity of Vice President
of Process Sales. From 1978 until 1994 he was employed by Pall Corporation,
serving in a number of positions in Research and Development, Marketing, and
Sales Vice President of Sales. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Doina had
over 16 years of sales experience in the filtration industry. Mr. Doina holds a
bachelor of science degree in chemistry from the University of Stony Brook.
John A. Tomich. Mr. Tomich is Counsel and Secretary of the Company.
Before joining CUNO Incorporated after the spin-off he was Counsel and Assistant
Secretary for Commercial Intertech, where he had been employed since January
1990 and had been involved extensively with the legal matters affecting CUNO. He
holds a bachelor of Engineering degree in Mechanical Engineering from Youngstown
State University and Juris Doctor degree from the University of Akron, School of
Law. He is a licensed patent attorney.
