Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.
The financial statements required by this item are filed as part of this
Annual Report on pages F-1 through F-29 immediately preceding the signature page
to this Annual Report. The supplementary financial information required by this
item are filed as part of this Annual Report under the section titled Quarterly
Results in Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations and on pages S-1 through S-2 immediately preceding the
signature page to this Annual Report.
Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.
No matters were submitted to a vote of Datastream stockholders during the
fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2000.
-7                   PART II
Item 5.  Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant.
The executive officers and directors of the Company and their ages as of
March 16, 2001, are as follows      Name                Age    Position
Larry G. Blackwell.      60    Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer
Ralph T. Carter.      38    Chief Operating Officer
C. Alex Estevez.      30    Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary
W. Scott Millwood.      37    Executive Vice President, Sales and Marketing
John M. Sterling, III.      39    Executive Vice President, Business Development
Richard T. Brock/12/.      53    Director
Ira D. Cohen/2/.      49    Director
John M. Sterling, Jr. /1/.      63    Director
James R. Talton, Jr./12/.      58    Director
Kenneth D. Tracy.      58    Director 1/  Member of 2001 Compensation Committee.
/2/  Member of 2001 Audit Committee.
Director Nominees Biographical Information
Set forth below is certain biographical information furnished to the
Company by its directors, including Richard T. Brock and Ira D. Cohen, the
director nominees for the Company Class II directorships. Messrs. Brock and
Cohen are proposed for election at the Company 2001 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders presently scheduled to be held June 8, 2001 to serve a term
expiring in the year 2004. Messrs. Brock and Cohen currently serve as directors
of the Company.
RICHARD T. BROCK
Age: 53
Class II Director - Term Expires 2001
Mr. Brock has served as a director of the Company since August 1993. In
1984, Mr. Brock founded the predecessor of Firstwave Technologies, Inc., a
publicly-held provider of sales and marketing automation software, for which he
has served in various capacities, including Chief Executive Officer and
President, since 1984. He currently serves as President and Chief Executive
Officer and as a director of Firstwave Technologies. He is also the founding
partner of Brock Capital Partners, a privately-held venture capital fund. He
also founded and formerly served as Chief Executive Officer of Management
Control Systems, Inc. Mr. Brock is a nationally-recognized developer, author and
speaker on sales, marketing and service automation and business development
strategy. Mr. Brock received a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from
Spring Hill College and a Masters in Business Administration from Louisiana
State University. He is also a certified public accountant.
IRA D. COHEN
Age: 49
Class II Director - Term Expires 2001
Mr. Cohen has been a director of the Company since February 1995. Since
1988, Mr. Cohen has served as a Managing Director of Updata Capital, Inc., an
investment banking firm he co-founded which focuses on mergers and acquisitions
in the information technology industry. Mr. Cohen also co-founded Updata
Software, Inc., and from 1986 to 1988 served as that company Chief Financial
Officer. In addition, Mr. Cohen is a Principal with two related venture funds:
Fallen Angel Equity and Updata Venture Fund. Mr. Cohen is also a director of
Alphanet Solutions, Inc. and several privately held companies. He holds a
Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from City University of New York,
Herbert H. Lehman College, and he is a registered certified public accountant in
New York and New Jersey.
-24 Biographical Information Concerning Other Directors
LARRY G. BLACKWELL
Age: 60
Class III Director - Term Expires 2002
Dr. Blackwell, the founder of the Company, has served as Chairman of the
Board, Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company from its inception
in 1986. Prior to founding the Company, he was President of the Datastream
Systems Division of a subsidiary of Wisconsin Power & Light. He also co-founded
and formerly served as Chairman of the Board of EDI Technology Companies, an
environmental process engineering consulting company. Dr. Blackwell holds a
Bachelor of Science degree in Engineering from the University of Mississippi, a
Master of Science degree from the Georgia Institute of Technology and a Ph.D. in
Environmental Systems Engineering from Clemson University. Dr. Blackwell is a
registered Professional Engineer in Illinois, Pennsylvania and South Carolina
and was named Inc. magazine 1994 Entrepreneur of the Year in the Master
Entrepreneur category for the State of South Carolina. Dr. Blackwell is the
father-in-law of W. Scott Millwood, an executive officer of the Company.
JOHN M. STERLING, JR.
Age: 63
Class III Director - Term Expires 2002
Mr. Sterling has served as a director of the Company since February 1986.
He has also served as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of HomeGold
Financial, Inc. formerly Emergent Group, Inc. since December 1990. He served
as President of HomeGold from December 1990 to August 1996 and as its Chief
Executive Officer from December 1990 until May 2000. Mr. Sterling also served as
President of Palmetto Seed Capital Corp. from September 1993 to October 1998 and
served as a General Partner of Reedy River Ventures Limited Partnership from
1981 until August 1995. Reedy River provided venture capital financing to the
Company to fund its early development, and Mr. Sterling originally served on the
Board of Directors of the Company pursuant to that relationship. Mr. Sterling is
the father of John M. Sterling, III, an executive officer of the Company. Mr.
Sterling holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Civil Engineering from The
Citadel and an Masters in Business Administration from The Darden Graduate
School of Business, University of Virginia.
JAMES R. TALTON, JR.
Age: 58
Class I Director- Term expires 2003
Mr. Talton has served as a director of the Company since March 2001. He
currently serves as Chairman of the Board of Directors for Impact Design Build,
Inc., a real estate development company, and has served in that capacity since
January 2000. From July 1999 to January 2000, Mr. Talton server as a Vice
President for Impact. From July 1986 until July 1999, Mr. Talton served as the
Managing Partner of KPMG LLP Raleigh, North Carolina office. KPMG LLP is an
international accounting and consulting firm. From October 1979 until June 1986,
he served as Managing Partner of KPMG Greenville, South Carolina office. Mr.
Talton received a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from East Carolina
University.
-25 KENNETH D. TRACY
Age: 58
Class I Director - Term Expires 2003
Dr. Tracy has served as a director of the Company since 1990. He retired
from Warner-Lambert in September 2000, where he served as Vice President of
Environmental Technology, a position he held since February 1991. From 1984 to
1991, he held positions of increasing responsibility with Air Products and
Chemicals, Inc., including Director of Research from January 1990 to February
1991. Prior to joining Air Products, Dr. Tracy was a principal in EDI Technology
Companies, where he was involved with process engineering consulting as well as
software design and sales. Dr. Tracy holds Bachelor of Science and Master of
Science degrees in Engineering from Pennsylvania State University and a Ph.D. in
Environmental Systems from Clemson University. Additional Information Concerning The Board Of Directors
On March 16, 2001, the board of directors voted to increase the number of
the Company directors from five 5 to six 6, which created a vacancy in
Class I of the Company three classes of directors. On the same date, the Board
of Directors appointed Mr. James R. Talton, Jr. to fill the vacancy on the Board
of Directors.
The Company Board of Directors held 4 meetings during fiscal 2000. During
fiscal 2000, the Board had an Audit Committee and a Compensation Committee, but
did not have a Nominating Committee. No director attended less than 75% of the
aggregate number of meetings of the Board and the committees of the Board on
which he served that were held during his term as a director of the Company.
Committees of the Board of Directors. In connection with its initial public
offering in March 1995, the Company established an Audit Committee and a
Compensation Committee. The Audit Committee reviews and makes recommendations
regarding the Company employment of independent auditors, the annual audit of
the Company financial statements and the Company internal accounting
practices and policies. In fiscal 2000, the Audit Committee consisted of Messrs.
Brock, Cohen Chairman and Tracy. In fiscal 2000, the Audit Committee held 4
meetings. For fiscal 2001, the Audit Committee consists of Messrs. Brock, Cohen
Chairman and Talton.
The Compensation Committee makes recommendations to the Board of Directors
regarding compensation arrangements for senior management of the Company
including annual bonus compensation, recommendations concerning the adoption
of any compensation plans in which management is eligible to participate and
grants of stock options or other benefits under such plans. In fiscal 2000, the
Compensation Committee consisted of Messrs. Brock Chairman, Sterling Jr. and
Tracy. The Compensation Committee held one meeting in fiscal 2000. For fiscal
2001, the Compensation Committee consists of Messrs. Brock Chairman, Sterling
Jr. and Talton.
Compensation of Directors. The Company Board of Directors is currently
comprised of six members. In fiscal 2000, non-management directors received an
annual retainer of $7,000 and were reimbursed for expenses incurred in
connection with attendance at meetings of the Board of Directors or committees
thereof. The Company has also adopted a Stock Option Plan for Directors, which
provides for a grant of an option to purchase 9,000 shares of Common Stock to
non-management directors when they join the board and then an annual grant of
options to purchase 2,000 shares of Common Stock to such directors thereafter.
Executive Officers
The executive officers of the Company serve at the discretion of the Board
of Directors and presently include Dr. Blackwell, Ralph T. Carter, C. Alex
Estevez, W. Scott Millwood, and John M. Sterling, III. See Biographical
Information Concerning Other Directors for information about Dr. Blackwell.
-26 RALPH T. CARTER
Chief Operating Officer
Age: 38
Mr. Carter joined the Company as its Chief Operating Officer in August
2000. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Carter served as Vice President - North
American Sales for Honeywell International from October 1999 until July 2000.
From August 1998 until October 1999 he served as Vice President - Americas Field
Operations for Honeywell-Measurex and from December 1997 until August 1998 he
served as its Director-North American Field Operations. From 1994 to 1997, Mr.
Carter served as Regional Manager-Northeast for Measurex Corporation. Mr. Carter
holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Chemical Engineering from the University
of Maine.
C. ALEX ESTEVEZ
Chief Financial Officer
Age: 30
Mr. Estevez was named Chief Financial Officer of the Company in April 1999.
Prior to that time, he served as the Company Vice President of Corporate
Development from June 1998 until April 1999 and as the Director of Planning from
June 1997 to June 1998. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Estevez worked in the
investment banking technology group at Raymond James & Associates from September
1992 through June 1995, where he focused on technology-based mergers and
acquisitions and equity offerings, including the Company initial public
offering. From June to August 1996, he was an associate with Deloitte & Touche
LLP. Mr. Estevez holds an A.B. degree from Harvard College and attended the J.L.
Kellogg Graduate School of Management, Northwestern University from September
1995 through May 1997, where he received a Masters of Management M.B.A. in
Finance and Strategy.
W. SCOTT MILLWOOD
Executive Vice President, Sales and Marketing
Age: 37
Mr. Millwood has served as Executive Vice President, Sales and Marketing
since January of 2000. Prior to that time, Mr. Millwood served as the Company
Vice President of Operations from October of 1998 to January 2000. Prior to
becoming Vice President of Operations, Mr. Millwood served as the Company Vice
President of Corporate Sales from August 1995 to October 1998. Prior to joining
the Company in 1995, Mr. Millwood served as regional manager for PowerCerv
Corporation, a manufacturing ERP company and as a vertical market manager for
Peregrine Systems, Inc. formerly Harbinger Corporation. Mr. Millwood holds a
Bachelor of Science in Economics from Clemson University and a Masters in
Business Administration from Georgia State University. Mr. Millwood is the son-
in-law of Larry G. Blackwell, Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and
President of the Company.
JOHN M. STERLING, III
Executive Vice President, Business Development
Age: 39
Mr. Sterling has served as Executive Vice President, Business Development
since October 2000. Prior to that time, he served as the President of iProcure,
a division of the Company, from January 2000 until October 2000. Prior to being
named President of iProcure, he served as the Company Vice President of
Electronic Commerce from February 1999 to December 1999. Before being named Vice
President of Electronic Commerce, Mr. Sterling served as the Company Vice
President of International from September 1997 to January 1999, overseeing the
Company international operations. Prior to holding such position, Mr. Sterling
served as the Company Managing Director of European Operations from February
through August 1997. Mr. Sterling also served as the Company Vice President of
Sales from 1986 to January 1997. Prior to joining Datastream, Mr. Sterling was a
Regional Sales Manager for Silicon Valley Products in San Mateo, California. Mr.
Sterling holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Political Science from The
Citadel. Mr. Sterling is the son of John M. Sterling, Jr., one of the Company
directors.
-27 Section 16a Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance
Section 16a of the Exchange Act requires the Company directors, executive
officers and persons who own beneficially more than 10% of the Company Common
Stock to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership of such stock with
the SEC and the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. Directors,
executive officers and greater than 10% stockholders are required by SEC
regulations to furnish the Company with copies of all such forms they file. To
the Company knowledge, based solely on a review of the copies of such reports
furnished to the Company and written representations that no other reports were
required, its directors, executive officers and greater than 10% stockholders
complied during fiscal 2000 with all applicable Section 16a filing
requirements.
-28 