Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
The Company consolidated financial statements, accounting policy
disclosures, notes  to  financial  statements,  business  segment
information and independent auditors' report are presented on pages 45
through 67 of the Annual Report. Selected quarterly financial data are
set forth under Unaudited Quarterly Information appearing on page 67
of the Annual Report. All such information is incorporated herein by
reference.
Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
No matters were submitted for a vote of security holders during the
fourth quarter of 1999.
-11                  PART II
Item 5. Directors and Executive Officers of the Company
Directors of the Company
Information as to the names, ages, positions and offices with
Denbury, terms of office, periods of service, business experience
during the past five years and certain other directorships held by each
director or person nominated to become a director of Denbury will be
set forth in the Election of Directors segment of the Proxy Statement
Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held
May 24, 2000, Annual Meeting and is incorporated herein by
reference.
Executive Officers of the Company
Information concerning the executive officers of Denbury will be
set forth in the Management section of the Proxy Statement for the
Annual Meeting and is incorporated herein by reference.  Section 16a Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance
Section 16a of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules
thereunder require the Company executive officers and directors, and
persons who beneficially own more than ten percent 10% of a
registered class of the Company equity securities, to file reports of
ownership and changes in ownership with the Securities and Exchange
Commission and exchanges and to furnish the Company with copies. Based
solely on its review of the copies of such forms received by it, or
written representations from such persons, the Company is not aware of
any person who failed to file any reports required by Section 16a to
be filed for fiscal 1999.
