ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.
The financial statements filed herewith are set forth on the Index to Financial
Statements on page F-1 of the separate financial section which follows page 68
of this Report and are incorporated herein by reference.
Item 1. BUSINESS
Item 1A. RISK FACTORS
Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
Item 2. PROPERTIES
Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
Item 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS
PART II
Item 5. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. Based on their evaluation of
the Company disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period
covered by this Report as well as mirror certifications from senior Management,
the Company Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
have concluded that the Company disclosure controls and procedures are
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in
the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the
time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission rules and
forms and are operating in an effective manner. There have been no changes in
the Company internal controls over financial reporting as defined in Rule
13a-15f under the Exchange Act during the last quarter that materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company internal
control over financial reporting.
DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND INTERNAL CONTROLS. Disclosure Controls are procedures
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports
filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Report, is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission the SEC rules and forms. Disclosure Controls are
also designed to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to
our management, including the CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. Internal Controls are procedures
designed to provide reasonable assurance that 1 our transactions are properly
authorized; 2 our assets are safeguarded against unauthorized or improper use;
and 3 our transactions are properly recorded and reported, all to permit the
preparation of our financial statements in conformity with generally accepted
accounting principles.
LIMITATIONS ON THE EFFECTIVENESS OF CONTROLS. The Company management,
including the CEO and CFO, does not expect that our Disclosure Controls or our
Internal Controls will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no
matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not
absolute, assurance that the control system objectives will be met. Because of
the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can
provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if
any, within the company have been detected. Further, the design of a control
system must reflect the fact                    60 that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be
considered relative to their costs. The design of any system of controls is
based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events,
and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its
stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may
become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the
degree of compliance with its policies or procedures.
SCOPE OF THE CONTROLS EVALUATION. In the course of the Controls Evaluation, we
sought to identify data errors, control problems or acts of fraud and confirm
that appropriate corrective actions, including process improvements, were being
undertaken. Our Internal Controls are also evaluated on an ongoing basis by our
Internal Audit Department and by other personnel in our organization. The
overall goals of these various evaluation activities are to monitor our
Disclosure Controls and our Internal Controls, and to modify them as necessary;
our intent is to maintain the Disclosure Controls and the Internal Controls as
dynamic systems that change as conditions warrant.
Among other matters, we sought in our evaluation to determine whether there were
any significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in the company
Internal Controls, and whether the company had identified any acts of fraud
involving personnel with a significant role in the company Internal Controls.
This information was important both for the Controls Evaluation generally, and
because the Rule 13a-14 Certifications of the CEO and CFO require that the CEO
and CFO disclose that information to our Board Audit Committee and our
independent auditors. We also sought to deal with other controls matters in the
Controls Evaluation, and in each case if a problem was identified, we considered
what revision, improvement and/or correction to make in accordance with our
ongoing procedures.
CONCLUSIONS. Based upon the Controls Evaluation, our CEO and CFO have concluded
that as of December 31, 2006, our disclosure controls and procedures are
effective to ensure that material information relating to Syntel and its
consolidated subsidiaries is made known to management, including the CEO and
CFO, particularly during the period when our periodic reports are being
prepared, and that our Internal Controls are effective to provide reasonable
assurance that our financial statements are fairly presented in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles.
MANAGEMENT'S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15f. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management,
including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, we conducted
an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based
on our evaluation under the framework in Internal Control - Integrated
Framework, our management concluded that our internal control over financial
reporting was effective as of December 31, 2006 and meets the criteria of the
Internal Control-Integrated Framework.                    61 Crowe Chizek and Company LLC, an independent registered public accounting firm,
has audited the consolidated financial statements of Syntel, Inc. and its
subsidiaries as of December 31, 2006 and for the year then ended included in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K and, as part of its audit, has issued its
report, included herein, 1 on our management assessment of the effectiveness
of our internal controls over financial reporting and 2 on the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting.
CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROLS OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING. From the date of the
Controls Evaluation to the date of this Report, there have been no significant
changes in Internal Controls or in other factors that could significantly affect
Internal Controls.
Item 1. BUSINESS
Item 1A. RISK FACTORS
Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
Item 2. PROPERTIES
Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
Item 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS
PART II
Item 5. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The information set forth in the sections entitled Proposal 1. Election of
Directors and Additional information - Section 16 a Beneficial Ownership
Reporting Compliance in the Registrant Proxy Statement for the Annual
Shareholders' Meeting to be held on or about May 25, 2007 the Proxy
Statement is incorporated herein by reference. The information set forth in
the section entitled Executive Officers of the Registrant in Item 1 of this
report is incorporated herein by reference.
The Company has adopted a Code of Ethical Conduct applicable to all of the
Company employees, executive officers and directors. The Code of Ethical
Conduct, as currently in effect together with any amendments that may be
adopted from time to time, is posted in the Investors - Corporate Governance
section of the Company website at www.syntelinc.com. Amendments to, and any
waiver from, any provision of the Code of Ethical Conduct that requires
disclosure under applicable SEC rules will be posted on the website at the
address specified above.
