ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
The following financial statements and financial schedule are attached to
this Report on Form 10-K following Part IV, Item 14   
Consolidated Statements of Operations for 
the years ended July 31, 1996, 1995, and 
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of 
July 31, 1996 and 
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders'
Equity for the years ended July 31, 1996, 1995
and 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for 
the years ended July 31, 1996, 1995 and 
Notes to Consolidated Financial 
Report of Independent 
Financial Statement Schedule   Report of Independent Accountants - Financial Statement Schedule.F-16
Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying 
Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
Except for other ordinary, routine proceedings incidental to its business, there
are no pending legal proceedings to which the Company or any of its property is
subject.  Item 4. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF REGISTRANT
The following table sets forth information with respect to directors,
nominees for directors, executive officers and significant employees of the
Company as of October 21, 1995. There are no pending legal proceedings to which
any director or executive officer of the Company is a party adverse to the
Company.
NAME         AGE        POSITION
Robert M. Rubin     56   Chairman of the Board of 
Directors; Nominee for Director
C. Dean McLain      43   President, Chief Executive 
Officer and Director; Nominee 
for Director
Thomas D. Berkompas   35   Vice President - Finance, Chief 
Financial Officer and Secretary
Harold Chapman, Jr.   35   Director; Nominee for Director
James H. Penland     67   Director; Nominee for Director
Set forth below is a brief background of the executive officers and
directors of the Company, based on information supplied by them.
ROBERT M. RUBIN. Mr. Rubin has served as the Chairman of the Board of
Directors of the Company since November 20, 1992. Between November 20, 1992 and
March 7, 1993, Mr. Rubin served as Chief Executive Officer of the Company. In
addition, between October 1990 and January 1, 1994, Mr. Rubin served as Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer of American United Global, Inc. AUGI. From
January 19, 1996 through the present, Mr. Rubin has again served as Chief
Executive Officer of AUGI. Mr. Rubin was the founder, President, Chief Executive
Officer and a Director of Superior Care, Inc. SCI from its inception in
1976 until May 1986. Mr. Rubin continued as a director of SCI now known as
Olsten Corporation Olsten until the latter part of 1987. Olsten, a New York
Stock Exchange listed company, is engaged in providing home care and
institutional staffing services and health care management services. Mr. Rubin
is Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and a stockholder of ERD Waste
Technology, Inc., a diversified waste management public company specializing in
the management and disposal of municipal solid waste, industrial and commercial
non-hazardous waste and hazardous waste. Mr. Rubin is a former director and
Vice Chairman, and currently a minority stockholder, of American Complex Care,
Incorporated, a public company formerly engaged in providing on-site health care
services, including intra-dermal infusion therapies. In April 1995, American
Complex Care, Incorporated operating subsidiaries made assignments of their
assets for the benefit of creditors without resort to bankruptcy proceedings. 
Mr. Rubin is also Chairman of the Board and a minority stockholder of Universal
Self Care, Inc., a public company engaged in the sale of products used by
diabetics. Mr. Rubin is also a director and a minority stockholder of Response
USA, Inc., a public company engaged in the sale and distribution of personal
emergency response systems; Diplomat Corporation, a public company engaged in
the manufacture and distribution of baby products; Help at Home, Inc., a public
company which provides home health care personnel; Arzan International 1991
Ltd.; and Kay Kotts Associates, Inc., a public company engaged in providing tax
preparation and assistance service.
C. DEAN MCLAIN. Mr. McLain has served as President, Chief Executive
Officer and a director of the Company since March 7, 1993. From March 1, 1993
through June 13, 1995, Mr. McLain served as Executive Vice President of AUGI. 
Mr. McLain has served on the Board of Directors of AUGI since March 7, 1994. 
From 1989 to 1993, Mr. McLain served as Manager of privatization of Case
Corporation. From 1985                     -III-1 to 1989, Mr. McLain served as General Manager of Lake State Equipment, a
distributor of John Deere construction equipment. Mr. McLain was awarded a B.S.
degree in Business and Economics and a Master of Business Administration degree
by West Texas State University.
THOMAS D. BERKOMPAS. Mr. Berkompas joined the Company in June 1993 as Vice
President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. From July 1983 to June 1993, he
was employed at Price Waterhouse, LLP, where he worked with established and
emerging growth companies and attained the level of Senior Audit Manager. Mr.
Berkompas is a certified public accountant and received his B.A. degree in
Business Economics from Calvin College.
JAMES H. PENLAND. Until his retirement in 1993, Mr. Penland had spent
forty-four years in the construction and agricultural equipment business. He
was associated with International Harvester Corporation for approximately 36
years, and for the eight years prior to his retirement was associated in various
managerial capacities with Case Corporation. He joined the Company Board of
Directors in March 1995.
HAROLD CHAPMAN, JR. Mr. Chapman joined the Company Board of Directors in
July 1995. Mr. Chapman is a partner in and general manager of Crown Power and
Equipment Co., a multi-line equipment distributor based in Columbia, Missouri. 
Prior to joining Crown Power and Equipment in 1992, Mr. Chapman was in retail
management with Case Corporation for 10 years.                    -III-2 