Item8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data Our audited consolidated financial statements and
related notes as of December31, 2004 and 2003 and for each
of the three years ended December31, 2004 are included
under  and begin on pageF-1.   
Item4.Submission
of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders None 50 PARTII   
Item5.
Controls and Procedures   
Internal Control over Financial Reporting as
of September30, 2004 As described in Item7.
Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations, we have restated our previously
issued financial statements for the years 2002 and 2003,
including interim periods in 2003, and the first two quarters of
2004, primarily to reflect the correction of methodological
errors related to our reserve for product returns. The Public Company Accounting Oversight
Boards auditing standards provide that a restatement is a
strong indicator of a material weakness. Considering this
guidance, we evaluated the methodological errors that resulted
in the restatement and concluded that the restatement resulted
from a material weakness in our internal control over financial
reporting as of September30, 2004. Management has concluded that the material
weakness that existed as of the end of the third quarter of 2004
has been remediated. Our remedial steps included the adoption of
revised methodologies for estimating our product returns.   
Managements Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting as of December31, 2004 Management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting.
Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. All internal control systems have
inherent limitations. Therefore, internal control over financial
reporting, no matter how well-designed, may not prevent or
detect misstatements. Also, controls may become inadequate in
future periods because of changes in conditions, or the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. As required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and
the rules issued thereunder, management has conducted an
evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting as of 86 December31, 2004, based on the framework
and criteria established in Internal Control
Integrated Framework, issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission. As of December31, 2004, we did not maintain
effective controls over the period-end financial reporting
process because we did not have a sufficient number of finance
and accounting resources performing supervisory review and
monitoring activities as a result of the loss of certain finance
personnel, the challenges of hiring new personnel while a merger
was pending and the resource requirements to address the
restatement of our financial statements described above. Although this deficiency resulted in certain
errors during 2004 that were not detected by the period-end
monitoring activities, it did not result in any audit
adjustments or material misstatements of our financial
statements as of year-end. However, the significance of a
deficiency in internal control over financial reporting depends
on the potential for a misstatement, not on whether a
misstatement actually occurred. A material weakness is defined
as a significant deficiency or combination of significant
deficiencies, that results in more than a remote
likelihood that a material misstatement of the annual or
interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected.
Considering the above, management has concluded that as of
December31, 2004 the finance and accounting resource
constraints constituted a material weakness in supervisory
review and monitoring activities in connection with the
period-end financial reporting process. Because of this material
weakness, management has concluded that our internal control
over financial reporting was not effective as of
December31, 2004. Our independent registered public accounting
firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, has audited managements
assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting as of December31, 2004 as stated in
their report which appears on page F-1.   
Remediation of Material Weakness that Existed
as of December31, 2004 We are in the process of increasing the number of
finance and accounting resources performing supervisory review
and monitoring activities during the period-end financial
reporting process by actively recruiting additional managerial
level finance and accounting resources.   
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting Except as discussed above, there have been no
changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that
occurred during the quarter ended December31, 2004, that
have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to affect,
our internal control over financial reporting.   
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures We maintain disclosure controls and procedures
that are designed to ensure that information required to be
disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended the Exchange Act,
is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time
periods specified in the SECs rules and forms, and that
such information is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions
regarding required financial disclosure. Management, with the participation of the Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, carried out an
evaluation, as required by Rule13a-15b under the
Exchange Act of the effectiveness of the design and operation of
the disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Exchange
Act Rule13a-15e as of December31, 2004. In making this evaluation, management considered
the material weaknesses discussed above, together with the
remedial steps we have taken. Management also considered its
conclusion stated above that our internal control over financial
reporting was not effective as of December31, 2004. Based on this evaluation by management, the Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded
that, as of December31, 2004, due to the material weakness
as of year end, our disclosure controls and procedures were not
effective at the reasonable assurance level. It should be noted
that no system of controls can provide complete assurance of
achieving its objectives. 87 PART III The information called for by PartIII of
Form10-K 