ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
Financial Statements of the Company meeting the requirements of Regulation
S-X are filed on pages F1 to F17 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. See Part
IV, Item 14. Item 1.  Business   2
Item 2.  Properties  10
Item 3.  Legal Proceedings  10
Item 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.. 10
PART II
Item 5. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
Information regarding the Company directors as required by this item will
be included in the Company proxy statement, to be delivered to stockholders in
connection with the Company annual meeting of stockholders to be held in March
1999. Such information is incorporated herein by reference.
The following sets forth certain information with respect to the Company
executive officers Executive Officers          Name             Age         Position with the Company
Constance F. Galley..      57   President and Chief Executive Officer and Director
Eric A. Amster..      44   Vice President, Sales
Patricia T. Boggs..      47   Vice President, Professional Services
Robert Bouton..      58   Vice President, Marketing
Albert Denz..      48   Vice President, Managing Director EUMA and AP
Ira A. Gerard..      51   Vice President, Finance and Administration,
Chief Financial Officer and Secretary
James Monks..      43   Vice President, International Operations
Ulrich K. Neubert..      47   Vice President, Consulting
R. Anthony Percy..      52   Vice President, Strategic Planning
David Raye..      37   Vice President, Operations
Edward J. Watson..      61   Executive Vice President, Business Development
Saydean Zeldin..      58   Vice President, Research and Development   Constance F. Galley has been President, Chief Executive Officer and a
director of the Company since 1985, when the Company commenced operating as an
independent entity. Prior to 1985, Ms. Galley directed the Company Marketing
and Development Operations when the Company was part of the Dun & Bradstreet
Corporation. Ms. Galley is a member of the Board of Directors of the software
division of ITAA and IVANS, and is the former chairperson of SACIA, the Business
Council of Southwestern Connecticut. Ms. Galley holds a Bachelor of Arts degree
in Chemistry from Duke University.
Eric A. Amster has been Vice President, Sales since joining the Company in
December 1995. From February 1992 until December 1995, Mr. Amster was employed
by General DataComm Industries, Inc., a data communications company, where he
served most recently as Vice President of U.S. Federal and Commercial Sales. Mr.
Amster holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science from the
University of Maryland.
Patricia T. Boggs has been Vice President, Professional Services since
joining the Company in June 1997. From February 1991 to 1997, Ms. Boggs was
employed by Datalogix International Inc., where she served most recently as Vice
President Client Services. Prior to 1991 Ms. Boggs was an Assistant Professor at
both John Carroll University, University Heights, Ohio and Wright State
University in Dayton, Ohio. Ms. Boggs holds a Masters Degree in Economics and a
Doctorate in Operations Research/Statistics from Kent State University.
Robert Bouton has been Vice President, Marketing since joining the Company
in March 1992. Prior to March 1992, Mr. Bouton served in various sales and
marketing capacities in the software industry, including Vice President,
Marketing for CGI Systems. Mr. Bouton holds a Bachelor of Science degree in
Electrical Engineering from Cornell University.
Albert Denz, Managing Director and Vice President International Operations
joined TSI Software in January, 1999 from SAP AG where he served as vice
president, corporate marketing beginning in 1996. Prior to SAP, Denz had a
19-year career at IBM where he served in various executive sales positions and
as IBM international director of SAP operations. Denz graduated from the
University of Teubingen in Saarbruecken, Germany, with a degree in economics.                    24   Ira A. Gerard has been Vice President, Finance and Administration, Chief
Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary since joining the Company in October
1995. From March 1994 to October 1995, Mr. Gerard served as Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer of Adage Systems International, Inc., an ERP software
company. From July 1993 to March 1994, Mr. Gerard was an independent consultant.
From December 1989 until July 1993, Mr. Gerard was employed by Gestetner PLC, a
photocopier and photographic equipment company, where he served most recently as
Vice President, Finance and Operations. Mr. Gerard holds a Bachelor of Arts
degree in Economics from Union College and a Master of Business Administration
from Harvard University.
James Monks has been Vice President, International Operations of the
Company since May 1997 and was Director, International Operations of the Company
from May 1992 until May 1997. From May 1989 until May 1992, Mr. Monks served as
the Company Director of European Operations and from April 1985 until May
1989, Mr. Monks served as the Company U.K. Manager. Prior to April 1985, Mr.
Monks held various technical support and management positions with the Company
when the Company was a part of the Dun & Bradstreet Corporation. Mr. Monks holds
an Honours Degree in Sports Science and Geography from the University of
Loughborough, U.K.
Ulrich K. Neubert, Vice President, Consulting, joined TSI Software with
TSI acquisition of Software Consulting Partners in November, 1998. Prior to
joining TSI, Neubert was president of Software Consulting Partners, an SAP
implementation firm he founded in 1994. Prior thereto, Neubert spent 8 years at
SAP AG, where he last served as a consulting manager. Neubert graduated from the
University of Saarbruecken in Germany, with a degree in informatics.
R. Anthony Percy, Vice President, Strategic Planning, joined TSI Software
in January, 1999 after more than ten years with Gartner Group, where he was Vice
President, Director of Research and a research fellow. Percy is a graduate of
Christ Church, Oxford.
David Raye has been the Vice President, Operations of the Company since
June 1994. From August 1992 until May 1994, Mr. Raye served as Vice President,
KEY/MASTER Operations. From August 1991 until July 1992, Mr. Raye served as the
Company Director of Operations. Prior to August 1991, Mr. Raye served in
various management capacities in the software industry including Director of
Marketing for Information Sciences and Senior Product Marketing Manager for
On-Line Software, International. Mr. Raye holds a Bachelor of Science degree in
Marketing from Rutgers University and a Master of Business Administration from
St. John University, New York.
Edward J. Watson has been Executive Vice President, Business Development of
the Company since June 1994. From January 1994 until June 1994, Mr. Watson
managed the Company PC Division. From November 1990 until January 1994, Mr.
Watson was a consultant to the Company and a General Partner of DownEast
Partners, a consulting company. Prior to 1990, Mr. Watson served in various
management capacities in the software industry, including President of TSI
International the predecessor of the Company and Higher Order Software. Mr.
Watson is married to Ms. Saydean Zeldin, the Vice President, Research and
Development of the Company. Mr. Watson attended Oxford University.
Saydean Zeldin has been Vice President, Research and Development of the
Company since October 1994. From November 1990 to October 1994, Ms. Zeldin was a
consultant to the Company and a general partner at DownEast Partners, a
consulting company. Prior to 1990, Ms. Zeldin served in several senior
engineering positions in the software industry, including serving as Founder and
President of Touchstone Engineering, a software company that developed a
management planning system using artificial intelligence technology, and Founder
and Executive Vice President of Higher Order Software. Ms. Zeldin was also
responsible for the re-entry guidance development of the Apollo flight software
at the Instrumentation Laboratory, a laboratory of MIT. Ms. Zeldin is married to
Mr. Watson, the Executive Vice President, Business Development of the Company.
Ms. Zeldin holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Physics from Temple University.
Appointment to Board of Directors. On August 27, 1998 James P. Schadt,
Chairman, Dailey & Partners and retired chairman and CEO, Readers Digest
Association, Inc. was appointed to TSI Software Board of Directors.                    25 