Item8.Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data    
Our Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto appear on pages79 to116 of this Annual Report on Form10-K. 
69 
Table of Contents 
Item1. Business
3 Item1A. Risk Factors
23 Item1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
43 Item2. Properties
43 Item3. Legal Proceedings
43 Item4. Mine Safety Disclosures
43 PART II.
44 Item5.Controls and Procedures    
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures:The Company chief executive officer and principal financial officer reviewed and evaluated the Company
disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules13a-15e and 15d-15e under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Based on that evaluation, the
Company chief executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that the Company disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of
December31, 2012 to ensure the information required to be disclosed by the Company in this Annual Report on Form10-K is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within
the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms. 
Management Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting:The Company management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control
over financial reporting as defined in Rule13a-15f under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Under the supervision and with the participation of the Company
management, including the chief executive officer and principal financial officer, the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of
December31, 2012. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, or COSO in Internal
Control-Integrated Framework. The Company management has concluded that, as of December31, 2012, the Company internal control over financial reporting is effective at the reasonable
assurance level based on these criteria. 
The
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2012 has been audited by Ernst YoungLLP, our independent registered public accounting
firm, as stated in their attestation report, which is included herein. 
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting:There were no changes in the Company internal control over financial reporting during the year ended
December31, 2012 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company internal control over financial reporting. 
Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls:Internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system,
no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
of internal control to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate. Accordingly, our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of our disclosure control system are met and, as set
forth above, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded, based on their evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this report, that our disclosure controls
and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level to ensure that the objectives of our disclosure control system were met. 
70  Table of Contents 
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM     The
Board of Directors and Stockholders of Onyx Pharmaceuticals,Inc. 
We
have audited Onyx Pharmaceuticals,Inc. internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2012, based on criteria established in Internal Control
Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission the COSO criteria. Onyx Pharmaceuticals,Inc. management is responsible for maintaining
effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management Report on
Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over
financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and
operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a
reasonable basis for our opinion. 
A
company internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that 1pertain
to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 2provide reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 3provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use or disposition of the company assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
In
our opinion, Onyx Pharmaceuticals,Inc. maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2012, based on the COSO criteria. 
We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the consolidated balance sheets of Onyx Pharmaceuticals,Inc. as of
December31, 2012 and 2011, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income loss, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended December31, 2012 of Onyx Pharmaceuticals,Inc. and our report dated February28, 2013 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. s/
ERNST YOUNGLLP
Redwood
City, California
February28, 2013 
71   Table of Contents 
