ITEM 8.FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA    
The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the consolidated financial statements and supplementary
data set forth in Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules of PartIII of this Annual Report on Form10-K. 
Item1.
Business 1 Item1A.
Risk Factors 13 Item1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments 23 Item2.
Properties 24 Item3.
Legal Proceedings 24 Item4.
Reserved 26 PART II Item5.CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES     Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
Management, including our principal executive officers our Chief Executive Officer and our Executive Vice
PresidentFinance and Administration, who is also our principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in
Rule13a-15e of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended the Exchange Act, as of January30, 2010. Based on that evaluation, our principal executive officers and
principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of January30, 2010 to ensure that all information required to be disclosed in the reports
that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including our principal executive and principal financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in
Securities Exchange Act Rule13a-15f. Internal control over financial reporting is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting
for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Because of
its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our financial statements would be prevented or detected. 
Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officers, we conducted an evaluation of the design and effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting based on the criteria set forth in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
COSO. Based on our evaluation under the framework in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework, our management concluded that our internal
control over financial reporting was effective as of January30, 2010. Our independent registered public accounting firm that audited the financial statements included in this annual report has
issued an attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting, which is included herein. 
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our last fiscal quarter that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
54 
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm    
To
the Stockholders and Board of Directors of
The Children Place Retail Stores, Inc.
Secaucus, New Jersey: 
We
have audited The Children Place Retail Stores,Inc. and subsidiaries' the Company internal control over financial reporting as of January30, 2010, based on
criteria established in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
the COSO criteria. The Company management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over
financial reporting, included in the accompanying Item9A, Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company
internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 
We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our
audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. A
company internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
that 1pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 2provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 3provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. In
our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of January30, 2010, based on the COSO criteria. 
We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of
January30, 2010 and January31, 2009, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three fiscal years in the
period ended January30, 2010 and our report dated March25, 2010 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. s/
BDO Seidman,LLP 
New
York, NY
March25, 2010 
55 
Table of Contents
Item1.
Business 1 Item1A.
Risk Factors 13 Item1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments 23 Item2.
Properties 24 Item3.
Legal Proceedings 24 Item4.
Reserved 26 PART II Item5.DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE    
The information required to be included by Item10 of Form10-K will be set forth in the Company proxy
statement for its 2010 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed within 120days after January30, 2010 the Proxy Statement and is incorporated by reference herein. 
Item1.
Business 1 Item1A.
Risk Factors 13 Item1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments 23 Item2.
Properties 24 Item3.
Legal Proceedings 24 Item4.
Reserved 26 PART II Item5.SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS    
The information required to be included by Item12 of Form10-K will be set forth in the Proxy Statement and
is incorporated by reference herein. 
