Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Our consolidated financial statements, including the reports thereon, the notes thereto and supplementary data begin at page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are incorporated herein by reference. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
None. Item 2. Controls and Procedures
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified under SECs rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO.Notwithstanding the foregoing, there can be no assurance that our disclosure controls and procedures will detect or uncover all failures of persons within the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries to report material information otherwise required to be set forth in our reports.
26 In connection with the preparation of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the CEO and CFO, as of September 30, 2016 of the effectiveness of the Companys disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15e and 15d-15e under the Exchange Act.Based on that evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of September 30, 2016.
Managements Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15f and 15d-15f under the Exchange Act.Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016.In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control Integrated Framework 2013.Based on this assessment, our management concluded that, as of September 30, 2016, our internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria.
Our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016 has been audited by BDO USA LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein.
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information
None. 27 PART III 