ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
The Report of Independent Auditors and the Consolidated Financial
Statements and Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of Perclose,
Inc. that are filed as part of this Report are listed under Item 14,
Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, and Reports on Form 8-K and are
set forth on pages F-1 through F-19 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Item 2.         17
Item 3.    LEGAL      17
Item 4.    SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY      18
PART      18
Item 5.    MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER      18
Item 6. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
The following table sets forth certain information with respect to
the directors and executive officers of the Company NAME                AGE          PRINCIPAL OCCUPATION           DIRECTOR
-                                      SINCE
John B. Simpson, Ph.D., M.D.    55 Chairman, Perclose, Inc.                  1992
Professor, Stanford University
Henry A. Plain, Jr.  41 President and Chief Executive Officer, Perclose, Inc.    1993
Coy F. Blevins.  51 Vice President of U.S. Sales                 Randolph E. Campbell.  42 Vice President of Operations                 Kenneth E. Ludlum.  46 Vice President of Finance and Administration                             Chief Financial Officer
John G. McCutcheon.  38 Vice President of Marketing and International Sales      Ronald W. Songer.  42 Vice President of Product Development             Vaughn D. Bryson.  61 President, Life Science Advisors, LLC            1995
Michael L. Eagle.  52 Vice President, Manufacturing,               1996
Eli Lilly and Company
Serge Lashutka.  52 Manager of Organizational Development, Unocal        1996
Corporation
James W. Vetter, M.D.  42 Staff Cardiologist, Sequoia Hospital Associate       1992
Professor, Stanford University
Mark A. Wan.  34 General Partner, Three Arch Partners            1992     DR. SIMPSON co-founded Perclose in March 1992 and has served as
Chairman of the Board since the Company inception. Dr. Simpson is a
professor of clinical medicine at Stanford University. He has served as a
Staff Cardiologist at Sequoia Hospital in Redwood City, California since
1981. Dr. Simpson founded Advanced Cardiovascular Systems, Inc. ACS in
1978 and Devices for Vascular Intervention, Inc. DVI in 1984, each of
which are currently divisions of Guidant Corporation.                    29 Dr. Simpson is a director of several privately held companies. Dr. Simpson
holds a B.S. in Agriculture for Ohio State University, a Ph.D. in Biomedical
Sciences from the University of Texas at Houston and an M.D. from Duke
University.
MR. PLAIN joined Perclose in February 1993 as President and Chief
Executive Officer and a member of the Company board of directors. Prior to
joining Perclose, Mr. Plain was with Eli Lilly and Company Lilly for
twelve years where he held various management positions in Lilly
pharmaceutical and medical device units in a variety of functional areas
including marketing, sales, finance, human resources, manufacturing and
international operations. Mr. Plain is a director of several private
companies.
MR. BLEVINS joined Perclose as Director of U.S. Sales in January
1994 and was promoted to Vice President, U.S. Sales in July 1996. From 1990
through 1993, Mr. Blevins was a Regional Sales Manager with DVI. Prior to
1990, Mr. Blevins held various sales and sales management positions at Baxter
Healthcare, Inc. Mr. Blevins holds a B.S. in Accounting from Baylor
University.
MR. CAMPBELL joined Perclose in January 1994 as Vice President of
Operations. From 1986 until joining the Company, Mr. Campbell held various
management positions at DVI, serving most recently as Director of
Manufacturing Engineering from 1992 to 1994 and previously as Director of
Product Development from 1990 to 1992. Mr. Campbell holds a B.S. in Chemical
Engineering from the University of California at Berkeley.
MR. LUDLUM joined Perclose as Vice President of Finance and
Administration and Chief Financial Officer in May 1996. From 1995 until
joining Perclose, Mr. Ludlum was an independent business and financial
consultant to health care and high growth companies. From 1993 to 1995, Mr.
Ludlum was Vice President, Finance & Administration and Chief Financial
Officer of RiboGene, Inc., a private biopharmaceutical company. From 1985 to
1991, Mr. Ludlum held various positions with Montgomery Securities in the
health care finance group, most recently as Partner. Mr. Ludlum holds a B.S.
in business from Lehigh University and an M.B.A. from Columbia Business
School.
MR. MCCUTCHEON joined Perclose in January 1994 as Director of
Marketing. In July 1996, Mr. McCutcheon was promoted to Vice President,
Marketing and in July 1997 was promoted to Vice President of Marketing and
International Sales. From 1992 until joining the Company, Mr. McCutcheon was
a Marketing Manager at DVI. From 1985 to 1992, Mr. McCutcheon held positions
in sales and marketing with the Bentley Laboratories Division of Baxter
Healthcare Corporation. Mr. McCutcheon holds a B.A. in Economics and in
Psychology and an M.B.A., both from the University of California, Los Angeles.
MR. SONGER joined Perclose in April 1993 as Vice President of
Research and Development. From 1990 until joining Perclose, Mr. Songer was
Director of Catheter Systems Research and Development for the Spectranetics
Corporation, a manufacturer of laser atherectomy systems. Prior to joining
Spectranetics, Mr. Songer was Manager of Research and Development for the
movable wire systems unit of ACS. Mr. Songer holds a B.S. in Nuclear
Engineering from the University of California at Santa Barbara and an M.S. in
Mechanical Engineering from the University of California at Berkeley.
MR. BRYSON has served as a Director of Perclose since January 1995.
Mr. Bryson is currently President of Life Science Advisors, LLC. Mr. Bryson
was a thirty-two year employee of Lilly and served as President and Chief
Executive Officer of Lilly from 1991 to 1993. He was Executive Vice President
from 1986 until 1991. He served as a member of Lilly Board of Directors
from 1984 until his retirement in 1993. Mr. Bryson was Vice Chairman of
Vector Securities International from April 1994 to December 1996. Mr. Bryson
is also a Director of Ariad Pharmaceuticals, Chiron Corporation, Fusion
Medical Technologies and Quintiles Transnational Corporation. Mr. Bryson
received a B.S. degree in Pharmacy from the University of North Carolina and
completed the Sloan Program at Stanford University Graduate School of
Business.                    30     MR. EAGLE has served as a Director of Perclose since September 1996.
He has held various management positions in Lilly pharmaceutical and
medical device units since 1983, and currently serves as Vice President,
Manufacturing. From June 1993 until January 1994, he served as Vice President
of Pharmaceutical Manufacturing for Lilly, and from January 1991 until June
1993, he served as Vice President of the vascular intervention component of
the Medical Devices and Diagnostics Division of Lilly. From 1988 to 1991, Mr.
Eagle was President and Chief Executive Officer of IVAC Corporation, a Lilly
subsidiary. From 1983 to 1988, he held various positions with ACS, a former
Lilly subsidiary, serving most recently as Senior Vice President of
Manufacturing from 1985 to 1988. Mr. Eagle is also a Director of Cardiac
Pathways, Inc. Mr. Eagle holds a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from
Kettering University and an M.S. in Industrial Administration from Purdue
University.
MR. LASHUTKA has served as a Director of Perclose since September
1996. He is currently a Manager of Organizational Development of Unocal
Corporation, a major oil, gas and chemical company. From 1993 to 1996, Mr.
Lashutka was Director, Organization Development and Senior Consultant of
Pacific Health Systems, Inc., a managed health care organization. From 1979
to 1993, he to was Manager of the Organization Effectiveness Department at
the Kaiser Permanente Medical Care Program, a major managed health care
organization operating in California. Mr. Lashutka holds a B.A. from Ohio
State University, an M.A. in Psychology from the United States International
University and an M.B.A. from the University of California at Berkeley.
DR. VETTER is a co-founder of the Company and has served as a
director of the Company and as a consultant and medical advisor to the
Company since its inception. Since 1989, Dr. Vetter has served as a
Physician-Partner at Cardiovascular Medicine and Coronary Interventions, Inc.
and as a Staff Cardiologist at Sequoia Hospital in Redwood City, California.
Dr Vetter is an associate professor of clinical medicine at Stanford
University.
MR. WAN has served as a Director of Perclose since September 1992.
He has been a General Partner of Three Arch Partners, a venture capital firm
specializing in health care investments since October 1993. From 1987 to
1993, Mr. Wan held various positions at Brentwood Associates, a venture
capital firm, most recently as a General Partner. Mr. Wan has been involved
in the formation of several privately held venture capital-backed health care
companies and serves as a director of several privately held companies. Mr.
Wan holds a B.S. in Electrical Engineering, and a B.A. in Economics from Yale
University and an M.B.A. from Stanford University.
SECTION 16a BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE
Section 16a of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
the Exchange Act requires the Company executive officers and directors
and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of the
Company equity securities to file an initial report of ownership on Form 3
and changes in ownership on Form 4 or Form 5 with the Securities and Exchange
Commission the SEC and the National Associates of Securities Dealers,
Inc. Executive officers, directors and greater than ten percent stockholders
are also required by SEC rules to furnish the Company with copies of all
Section 16a forms they file.
Based solely on its review of the copies of such forms received by
it, or written representations from certain reporting persons, the Company
believes that with respect to fiscal year 1999, all filing requirements
applicable to its officers, directors and ten percent stockholders were
complied with except that the Company failed to file on behalf of Mark A.
Wan, a timely Form 4 with respect to one disposition transaction.                    31 