Item8.Financial Statements and Supplementary Data    
The financial statements and supplementary data appear in a separate section of this report following PartIV. We provide details of our
valuation and qualifying accounts in Note17Supplementary Financial Information to the Consolidated Financial Statements. All schedules have been omitted since the information
required to be submitted has been
included on the Consolidated Financial Statements or notes thereto or has been omitted as not applicable or not required. 
Item1. Business
1 Item1A. Risk Factors
10 Item1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
25 Item2. Properties
25 Item3. Legal Proceedings
25 Item4. Mine Safety Disclosures
25 PART II Item5.Controls and Procedures    
Definition and Limitations of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
Our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules13a-15e and 15d-15e under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended the
Exchange Act are designed to reasonably ensure that 
56 
Table of Contents
information
required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is irecorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and
Exchange Commission rules and forms and iiaccumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
There
are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures. These limitations include the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of
the controls and procedures and reasonable resource constraints. In addition, because we have designed our system of controls based on certain assumptions, which we believe are reasonable, about the
likelihood of future events, our system of controls may not achieve its desired purpose under all possible future conditions. Accordingly, our disclosure controls and procedures provide reasonable
assurance, but not absolute assurance, of achieving their objectives. 
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures at March31, 2014, the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer
concluded that, at March31, 2014, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports
that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is irecorded, processed, summarized, and reported on a timely basis, and iiaccumulated and communicated to management, including our
principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in
Rule13a-15f under the Exchange Act. Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria set forth in Internal
ControlIntegrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO. Based on this evaluation, management has concluded that our internal
control over financial reporting was effective as of March31, 2014. 
Our
independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst YoungLLP, has issued an audit report on our internal control over financial reporting. The report on the audit of internal
control over financial reporting is included in this Form10-K. 
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended March31, 2014, which were identified
in connection with management evaluation required by paragraphd of Rules13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  
Item1. Business
1 Item1A. Risk Factors
10 Item1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
25 Item2. Properties
25 Item3. Legal Proceedings
25 Item4. Mine Safety Disclosures
25 PART II Item5.Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance    
The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the sections entitled Proposal 1Election of Directors and
Executive CompensationSection16a Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance in the
Company definitive Proxy Statement the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held in 2014. The Company intends to file the Proxy Statement within 120days after the
end of the fiscal year i.e.on or before July29, 2014. The Company Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to its directors and all employees, including senior financial
officers, is available on the Company website at www.take2games.com. If the Company makes any amendment to its Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
that is required to be disclosed pursuant to the Exchange Act, the Company will make such disclosures on its website. 
Item1. Business
1 Item1A. Risk Factors
10 Item1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
25 Item2. Properties
25 Item3. Legal Proceedings
25 Item4. Mine Safety Disclosures
25 PART II Item5.Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters    
The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the sections entitled Voting Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Equity Compensation Plan Information in the Company Proxy Statement. 
