ITEM8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  Our consolidated financial statements and supplementary data, together with the report of KPMG LLP, our independent
registered public accounting firm, are included in Part IV of this annual report on Form 10-K.  Item1.Business
3 
Item1A.Risk Factors
11 
Item1B.Unresolved Staff Comments
23 
Item2.Properties
24 
Item3.Legal Proceedings
24 
Item4.Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
25 
PART II 
Item5.
Controls and Procedures  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, which are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in
the reports we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commissions rules and forms, and that such
information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer, or CEO, and chief financial officer, or CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  Under the supervision and with the participation of our CEO and CFO, our
management has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this annual report. Based on that evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were
effective as of December31, 2005.  Evaluation of Changes in Internal
Controls over Financial Reporting  Under the supervision
and with the participation of our CEO and CFO, our management has evaluated changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during our last fiscal quarter. Based on that evaluation, our CEO and CFO did not identify any change
in our internal controls over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting.  Managements Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our
internal control over financial reporting is the process designed by and under the supervision of our CEO and CFO to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements
for external reporting in accordance with accounting principles generally 
39 Table of Contents
accepted in the United States of America. Management has evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting using the criteria set
forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework.  Under the supervision and with the participation of our CEO and CFO, our management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting as of December31, 2005 and concluded that it is effective.  Our independent registered public accounting firm, KPMG LLP, has issued an attestation report regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and managements assessment of the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2005, and that report is included below.  Important Considerations  The effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal control over financial reporting is subject to various inherent limitations,
including cost limitations, judgments used in decision making, assumptions about the likelihood of future events, the soundness of our systems, the possibility of human error, and the risk of fraud. Moreover, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions and the risk that the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate over time. Because of these
limitations, there can be no assurance that any system of disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting will be successful in preventing all errors or fraud or in making all material information known in a timely
manner to the appropriate levels of management. 
40 Table of Contents
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  The Board of Directors and Stockholders KVH Industries, Inc.:  We have audited managements assessment, included in the accompanying Managements Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, that KVH
Industries, Inc. maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2005, based on criteria established in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission COSO. KVH Industries, Inc.s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on managements assessment and an opinion on the effectiveness of KVH Industries, Inc.s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.  We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our
audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, evaluating managements assessment, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control, and performing such other procedures
as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.  A companys internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A companys internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that
1pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 2provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors
of the company; and 3provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the companys assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over
financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  In
our opinion, managements assessment that KVH Industries, Inc. maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2005, is fairly stated, in all material respects, based on criteria established in Internal
ControlIntegrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO. Also, in our opinion, KVH Industries, Inc. maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial
reporting as of December31, 2005, based on criteria established in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO.  We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board United States, the consolidated balance sheets of KVH Industries, Inc. and subsidiary as of December31, 2005 and 2004, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity and
accumulated other comprehensive income loss, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December31, 2005, and our report dated March15, 2006, expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial
statements.  /s/KPMG LLP Providence, Rhode Island March 15, 2006  