Item8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. The following
financial statements are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This information appears in a separate section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K following the Index to Financial Statements on page F-1: Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December31, 2008 and 2007 Consolidated Statements of Operations
for the years ended December31, 2008 and 2007 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended
December31, 2008 and 2007 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December31, 2008 and 2007 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  Item9.
Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.  None  Item9AT.
Controls and Procedures.  We maintain disclosure controls and
procedures as such term is defined in Rules13a-15e and 15d-15e under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commissions SECs rules and forms, and that such information is
accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, our management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of
achieving the desired control objectives, and our management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Furthermore, the Companys controls and procedures can
be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of the control and misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected on a timely basis. An evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, of the
effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form10-K. Based on this evaluation, our management concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a
reasonable assurance level as of the end of the period covered by this report. 
30 Table of Contents
REPORT OF MANAGEMENT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Internal control over financial
reporting is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. Internal control over financial reporting includes maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the Companys transactions; providing reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary for preparation of the Companys financial statements; providing reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures of the Companys assets are made in accordance with managements authorization; and providing reasonable
assurance that unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Companys assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements would be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of the Companys financial statements would be prevented or detected. Furthermore, the Companys controls and procedures can be circumvented
by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of the control and misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected on a timely basis. Management conducted its evaluation of the effectiveness of the Companys internal controls over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal
Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on its evaluation, management concluded that the Companys internal control over financial reporting was effective at
a reasonable assurance level as of December31, 2008. There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
quarter ended December31, 2008 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Our management has excluded Lumificient from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2008 as it was acquired by us in a purchase business combination on April30, 2008. Lumificient is a
wholly-owned subsidiary whose total assets and total revenues represent 38% and 22%, respectively, of our consolidated financial statement amounts as of, and for the year ended December31, 2008. Under guidelines established by the Securities
and Exchange Commission, companies are allowed to exclude acquisitions from their assessment of internal control over financial reporting during the first year of an acquisition. This annual report does not include an attestation report of the Companys independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Managements report was not
subject to attestation by the Companys registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only managements report in this annual report. Item9.
Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.  None  Item9AT.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. The
information required by this item will be set forth in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with our 2009 annual meeting of stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference.
Information relating to our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and to compliance with Section16a of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, will be set forth in our definitive proxy statement relating to our 2009 annual meeting of
stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
31 Table of Contents 