ITEM 8. 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA  Financial statements and supplementary financial information
specified by this Item, together with the report of our independent public accountants thereon, are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K on pages F-1 through F-28 below.  Item 3. 
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  We have from time to time become involved in litigation incidental to our business
activities. However, we are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings.  Item 4. 
DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT  The information required by this Item with respect to
our directors and with respect to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference to the information set forth in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders the Proxy Statement. The information required
by this Item with respect to our executive officers is furnished in a separate item captioned Executive Officers and included in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  Item 3. 
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  We have from time to time become involved in litigation incidental to our business
activities. However, we are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings.  Item 4. 
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT  The information required by this
Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information set forth in the Proxy Statement.  Securities Authorized For Issuance
Under Equity Compensation Plans   
Numberofsecurities to be issued upon exerciseofoutstanding options, warrants and rights 
Weighted-average exercise price of outstandingoptions, warrants and rights 
Numberofsecurities remainingavailablefor future issuance under equity compensation
plansexcludingsecurities reflected in column a 
a 
b 
c 
Plan category 
Equity compensation plans approved by security holders: 
1,206,586 
$ 
471 
368,254 
1 
Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders: 
Total 
1,206,586 
$ 
471 
368,254 
1
Includes 3,000 shares of common stock available for re-issuance under our 2001 Stock Award Plan.  