ITEM8.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA The information required in response to this Item8 is included under the caption Consolidated Statements of Earnings, Consolidated Balance Sheets, Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows, Consolidated Statements of Total Equity, Notes to Financial Statements, Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and
Quarterly Performance Unaudited of the 2011 Annual Report, and that information is incorporated herein by reference. 
49 Table of Contents
Item1.
BUSINESS 5 Item1A.
RISK FACTORS 21 Item1B.
UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 41 Item2.
PROPERTIES 41 Item3.
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 44 Item4.
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES As of December31, 2011, an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of the Companys management, including the Chief Executive Officer CEO and
Chief Financial Officer CFO, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Companys disclosure controls and procedures and the Companys internal control over financial reporting. As permitted by the SEC, the
Companys management excluded its newly-acquired Denver operations from its assessment of the Companys internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2011. These Denver operations accounted for approximately 7% of the
Companys consolidated total assets at December31, 2011. Based on that evaluation, the Companys management, including the CEO and CFO, concluded that the Companys disclosure controls and procedures were effective in ensuring
that all material information required to be disclosed is made known to them in a timely manner as of December31, 2011 and further concluded that the Companys internal control over financial reporting was effective in providing
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Companys financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles as of December31, 2011.
There were no changes in the Companys internal control over financial reporting during the most recently completed fiscal quarter that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Companys internal control over
financial reporting. The foregoing evaluation of the Companys disclosure controls and procedures was based on the
definition in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15e, which requires that disclosure controls and procedures are effectively designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits with the SEC under
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported, within the time periods specified in the SECs rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to the issuers management, including its principal executive and
principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The Companys management, including the CEO and CFO, does not expect that the Companys control system will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and
operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be
considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected.
These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by
collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the control. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will
50 Table of Contents
succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the
policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
The Companys management has issued its annual report on the Companys internal control over financial reporting, which
included managements assessment that the Companys internal control over financial reporting was effective at December31, 2011. The Companys independent registered public accounting firm has issued an attestation report that
the Companys internal control over financial reporting was effective at December31, 2011. Managements report on the Companys internal controls and the attestation report of the Companys independent registered public
accounting firm are included in the 2011 Financial Statements, included under Item8 of this Form 10-K and the 2011 Annual Report. See also Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations -
Internal Control and Accounting and Reporting Risk under Item7 of this Form 10-K and the 2011 Annual Report. 
Included among the Exhibits to this Form 10-K are forms of Certifications of the Companys CEO and CFO as required in
accordance with Section302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 the Section 302 Certification. The Section302 Certifications refer to this evaluation of the Companys disclosure policies and procedures and internal
control over financial reporting. The information in this section should be read in conjunction with the Section302 Certifications for a more complete understanding of the topics presented. 