Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 13 to this Form 10-K,
Annual Report sections entitled Consolidated Statement of Operations, Consolidated
Statement of Comprehensive Income, Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows,
Consolidated Balance Sheet, Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity,
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Managements Report on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting, Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm, and Consolidated Quarterly Information Unaudited. Item1.
Business
1
Item 1A. Risk
Factors
28
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
46
Item2.
Properties 
46
Item3.
Legal Proceedings 
46
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures
46
PartII
Item 5. Controls
and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures TDS maintains disclosure controls and procedures as defined
in Rules 13a-15e and 15d-15e under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended the Exchange Act that are designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in its reports filed or submitted under the Exchange
Act is processed, recorded, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the SECs rules and forms, and that such information is
accumulated and communicated to TDS management, including its principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the
disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and
procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only
reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. As required by SEC Rule 13a-15b, TDS carried out an
evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of management,
including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of
the effectiveness of the design and operation of TDS disclosure controls and
procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. Based on
this evaluation, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer
have concluded that TDS disclosure controls and procedures were effective as
of December 31, 2013, at the reasonable assurance level. Managements Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in
Rules 13a-15f and 15d-15f under the Exchange Act. TDS internal control
over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP. TDS
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and
procedures that i pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
assets of the issuer; ii provide reasonable assurance that transactions are
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the issuer are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and, where
required, the board of directors of the issuer; and iii provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
use, or disposition of the issuers assets that could have a material effect on
the interim or annual consolidated financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over
financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk
that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Under the supervision and with the participation of TDS
management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer,
TDS conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of its internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2013, based on the criteria established
in the 1992 version of Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO.
Management has concluded that TDS maintained effective internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2013 based on criteria established in
the 1992 version of Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by
the COSO. The effectiveness of TDS internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2013 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers
LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in the firms
report which is incorporated by reference into Item 8 of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K from Exhibit 13 filed herewith. 48/BCLPAGE48 Table of Contents Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Internal controls over financial
reporting are updated as necessary to accommodate modifications to our business
processes and accounting procedures. U.S. Cellular migrated its customers to a
new billing and operational support system in 2013, which was completed in the
third quarter of 2013. There were no changes in TDS internal control over
financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2013 that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, TDS internal control
over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other
Information None. 49/BCLPAGE49 Table of Contents PARTIII 