ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.  Our consolidated financial statements, financial schedules, and the Report of the Independent Accountants appear in Part IV of this annual report on Form 10-K.  
Item1. BUSINESS.
2
Item2. PROPERTIES.
20
Item3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.
20
Item4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS.
20 PART II 21
Item5. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.  We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commissions the SECs rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the management, including the chief executive officer and
chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management necessarily applied its judgment in assessing the costs and benefits of such controls and procedures, which, by their nature, can provide
only reasonable assurance regarding managements control objectives. We also have an investment in an unconsolidated entity. As we do not control or manage this entity, our disclosure controls and procedures with respect to such entity is
necessarily more limited.  Our management, including the chief
executive officer and chief financial officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls can prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that
the objectives of the control system are met. There are inherent limitations in all control systems, including the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake.
Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of one or more persons. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and, while our disclosure controls
and procedures are designed to be effective under circumstances where they should reasonably be expected to operate effectively, there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future
conditions. Because of the inherent limitations in any control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.  In the ordinary course of business, we review the effectiveness of controls and procedures that affect financial reporting and have determined that our
internal accounting systems should be upgraded during 2004. This determination was made to strengthen controls, improve the timeliness of our financial reporting and enhance the usefulness of the manner in which financial information is reported. In
addition, we are reviewing the current size of our financial reporting staff with a view to compliance with the new financial reporting compliance requirements pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the related Exchange Act rules.
As of the end of the period covered by this report, we carried
out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the chief executive officer along with the chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and
procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-15c and 15d-15e. Based upon the foregoing, our chief executive officer along with our chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective at providing
reasonable assurance that all material information relating to Internap required to be included in our Exchange Act reports is reported in a timely manner. In addition, based on such evaluation we have identified no change in our internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during our last fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  
PART III  
