Item 8.Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Index to 2006 Financial Statements Part - Page Energy East Corporation Consolidated Balance Sheets
II-56 Consolidated Statements of Income
II-58 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
II-59 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Common Stock Equity
II-60 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
II-61 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
II-94 Financial Statement Schedule II. Consolidated Valuation and Qualifying Accounts II-96 Rochester Gas and Electric Corporation Statements of Income
II-101 Balance Sheets
II-102 Statements of Cash Flows
II-104 Statements of Changes in Common Stock Equity
II-105 Notes to Financial Statements
II-106 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
II-126 Financial Statement Schedule II. Valuation and Qualifying Accounts II-127 Item 1A.
Risk Factors
I-9 Item 1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments
I-13 Item 2.
Properties
I-13 Item 3.
Legal Proceedings
I-15 Item 4.Controls and Procedures
Management Annual Report on Disclosure Controls and Procedures
The principal executive officers and principal financial officers of Energy East and RGE evaluated the effectiveness of their respective company disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the company in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, and is accumulated and communicated to the company management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on their evaluation, the principal executive officers and principal financial officers of Energy East and RGE concluded that their respective company disclosure controls and procedures are&
nbsp;effective. Energy East Management Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
Energy East management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, an evaluation was conducted of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by The Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on Energy East evaluation under the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework, management concluded that Energy East internal control over financial reporting was effective 
as of December 31, 2006. 
Energy East management assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2006, has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report on page II-94.
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
On October 1, 2006, RGE modified certain internal controls over financial reporting to accommodate the implementation of a new customer care system. The customer care system is used for customer bill production and integrates RGE revenue, accounts receivable and cash management transactions with Energy East centralized accounting system. 
There were no other changes in Energy East or RGE internal control over financial reporting thatoccurred during each company most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, orare reasonably likely to materially affect, the respective company internal control over financial reporting. 
