Item8
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K includes financial information about the Companys foreign and domestic operations and export sales. The Companys sales and marketing efforts use a process of integrated lead qualification and sales demonstration. Once a customer opportunity is identified, the Company employs a team-based sales
approach involving inside and outside sales personnel who are supported by application engineers. Each team has the ability to sell multiple product lines. The Company employs a variety of marketing techniques to promote brand awareness and customer
identification. 
6 Table of Contents
Research and Development 
The Company believes that its future success depends on its ability to maintain technological leadership, which will require ongoing
enhancements of its products and the development of new applications and products that provide 3-D measurement solutions. Accordingly, the Company intends to continue to make substantial investments in the development of new technologies, the
commercialization of new products that build on the Companys existing technological base and the enhancement and development of additional applications for its products. The Companys research and development efforts are directed primarily at enhancing the functional adaptability of its current products and developing new and innovative products that respond to
specific requirements of the emerging market for 3-D measurement systems. The Companys research and development efforts have been devoted primarily to mechanical hardware, electronics and software. The Companys engineering development
efforts will continue to focus on enhancing its existing products and developing new products for the CAM2 market. The field of CAM2 and more broadly, 3-D measurement, continues to expand and new technologies and applications will be essential to
competing in this market. Research and development activities, especially with respect to new products and technologies, are subject to significant risks, and there can be no assurance that any of the Companys research and development
activities will be completed successfully or on schedule, or, if completed, will be commercially accepted. At
December31, 2010, the Company employed 87 scientists and technicians in its research and development efforts. Research and development expenses were approximately $127 million in 2010, compared to $126 million in 2009 and 2008. 
Intellectual Property The Company holds or has pending 133 patents in the United States and related patents worldwide which generally expire on a rolling basis between 2011 and 2029. The Company also has 23 registered or
pending trademarks in the United States and worldwide which generally expire on a rolling basis between 2011 and 2021. The
Company relies on a combination of contractual provisions and trade secret laws to protect its proprietary information. There can be no assurance that the steps taken by the Company to protect its trade secrets and proprietary information will be
sufficient to prevent misappropriation of its proprietary information or preclude third-party development of similar intellectual property. Despite the Companys efforts to protect its proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of the Companys products or to obtain and use information that the Company
regards as proprietary. The Company intends to vigorously defend its proprietary rights against infringement by third parties. However, policing unauthorized use of the Companys products is difficult, particularly overseas, and the Company is
unable to determine the extent to which piracy of its software products exists. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect the Companys proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. The
Companys success and its ability to maintain its competitive position depends, in large part, on its ability to protect its intellectual property. The Company does not believe that any of its products infringe on the proprietary rights of third parties. There can be no assurance, however, that third parties will not claim infringement by the Company
with respect to current or future products. Any such claims, with or without merit, could be time consuming, result in costly litigation, cause product shipment delays or require the Company to enter into royalty or licensing agreements. Such
royalty or licensing agreements, if required, may not be available on terms acceptable to the Company, which could have a material adverse effect upon the Companys business, operating results and financial condition 
7 Table of Contents
Manufacturing and Assembly 
The Company manufactures its FaroArm, FARO Gage, FARO 3D Imager and FARO Laser Tracker ION products in the
Companys manufacturing facilities located in Florida and Pennsylvania for customer orders from the Americas, in its manufacturing facility located in Switzerland for customer orders from the Europe/Africa region, and in its manufacturing
facility located in Singapore for customer orders from the Asia/Pacific region. The Company manufactures its FARO
Focus3D product in its facility located in Stuttgart,
Germany. The Company expects all its existing plants to have the production capacity necessary to support its volume requirements through 2011. Manufacturing consists primarily of assembling and integrating components and subassemblies purchased from suppliers, into finished products. The primary components, which include machined parts and
electronic circuit boards, are produced by subcontractors according to the Companys specifications. All products are assembled, calibrated and tested for accuracy and functionality before shipment. The Company performs limited in-house circuit
board assembly and component part machining. Typically, the Company enters into purchase commitments for manufacturing components to cover production requirements for 60 to 90 days. 
The Companys manufacturing, engineering, and design headquarters have been registered to the ISO-9001 standard since July 1998.
Semi-annual surveillance audits have documented continuous improvement to this multinational standard. The Company continues to examine its scope of registration as its business evolves and has chosen English as the standard business language for
its operations. This has been done in concert with the ISO9001:2008 Quality Management System Certification, and is expected
to increase the quality of the Companys processes, products and services worldwide. Additionally, the Company takes a global approach to ISO17025:2005 regarding the recognition of the Competence of Calibration and Testing Laboratories, seeking
to have all locations registered with similar scopes of accreditation and capabilities for the products generated and serviced. 
Currently the Companys manufacturing sites in Lake Mary, Florida, Kennett Square, Pennsylvania, Stuttgart, Germany, Schaffhausen,
Switzerland and Singapore are jointly registered to ISO-9001 and ISO17025. In addition, the Companys service sites in the United States, Germany, India, Japan, China, Singapore and Brazil have joint certification and accreditation to these key
standards. Competition The Companys portable measurement systems compete in the broad and highly competitive market for measurement devices for manufacturing and industrial applications, which, in addition to portable
articulated arms, laser tracker, 3D imaging and laser scanner products, consist of fixed-base CMMs, templates and go/no-go gages, check fixtures, handheld measurement tools, and various categories of surveying equipment. In the FARO Gage product
line, the Company competes with a number of manufacturers of handheld measurement tools and fixed-base CMMs, including some large, well-established companies. In the FaroArm, FARO Laser ScanArm, FARO Laser Tracker ION, FARO Focus3D and FARO 3D Imager AMP product lines, the Company competes primarily
with Hexagon Metrology, a division of Hexagon, and with Steinbichler Optotechink GmbH and GOM mbh in the 3D Imager product lines. The Company also competes in these product lines with a number of other smaller competitors. The Company competes on
the basis of technical innovation, product performance, quality and price with respect to all of its products. The Company
will be required to make continued investments in technology and product development to maintain and extend the technological advantage that it believes it currently has over its competition. Some of the Companys competitors, including some
manufacturers of fixed-based CMMs and Hexagon, possess substantially greater financial, technical, and marketing resources than the Company possesses. Moreover, the Company cannot be certain that its technology or its product development efforts
will allow the Company to 
8 Table of Contents
successfully compete as the industry evolves. As the market for the Companys portable measurement systems expands, additional competition may emerge and the Companys existing and
future competitors may commit more resources to the markets in which the Company participates. Government Regulation
The Companys operations are subject to numerous governmental laws and regulations, including those governing
antitrust and competition, the environment, import and export of products, currency conversions and repatriation, taxation of foreign earnings and earnings of expatriate personnel and use of local employees and suppliers. The Companys foreign
operations are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, and similar foreign anti-corruption laws which makes illegal any payments to government officials or government employees that are intended to induce their influence to
assist the Company or to gain any improper advantage for the Company. The Company operates in certain regions that are more highly prone to risk under these anti-corruption laws. 
Manufacturers of electrical goods are subject to the European Unions RoHS and WEEE directives, which took effect during 2006. RoHS
prohibits the use of lead, mercury and certain other specified substances in electronics products, and WEEE makes producers of electrical goods financially responsible for specified collection, recycling, treatment, and disposal of covered
electronic products and components. Parallel initiatives are being proposed in other jurisdictions, including several states in the United States and China. The Company currently holds WEEE registration and is in compliance with the directives of the European Union. The Companys products are currently exempt from the RoHS directive, although the Company
expects to have all products in compliance in 2011. However, if the Company is unable to do so, and the RoHS exemption is removed, it would be unable to sell its products in European Union countries and China as well as several possible states in
the United States, which would have a material adverse effect on its sales and results of operations. Backlog 
At December31, 2010, the Company had orders representing approximately $230 million in sales outstanding. The majority of these
specific orders were shipped by February12, 2011, and, as of February11, 2011, the Company had orders representing approximately $261 million in sales outstanding. At December31, 2009 and 2008, the Company had orders representing
approximately $176 million and $114 million in sales outstanding, respectively. The Companys increase in backlog at
December31, 2010 is primarily related to the increase in orders at the end of the fourth quarter of 2010. The Company believes that substantially all of the outstanding sales orders as of February12, 2011 will be shipped during 2011.
Employees At December31, 2010, the Company had 781 full-time employees, consisting of 300 sales and marketing professionals, 127 production staff, 87 research and development staff, 104 administrative staff,
and 163 customer service/application engineering specialists. The Company is not a party to any collective bargaining agreements and believes its employee relations are satisfactory. Management believes that its future growth and success will depend
in part on its ability to retain and continue to attract highly skilled personnel. The Company anticipates that it will be able to obtain the additional personnel required to satisfy its staffing requirements over the foreseeable future. 
9 Table of Contents
Geographic Information 
The Company has three reportable segments based upon geographic regions: Americas, Europe/Africa and Asia Pacific. The Company develops,
manufactures, markets, supports and sells CAD-based quality assurance products integrated with CAD-based inspection and statistical process control software in each of these regions. These activities represent approximately 99% of consolidated
sales. The Company evaluates performance and allocates resources based upon profitable growth and assets deployed. Information regarding the Companys net sales, operating income, and long-lived assets by geographic region is set forth in Note
17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements under Part II. Item8 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Available Information
The Company makes available, free of charge on its Internet website at http www.faro.com, its Annual Report on Form
10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section13a or 15d of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, as soon as
reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. You can find these reports on the Companys website at www.faro.com under the heading Investor.
The information on the Companys website is not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These reports may also be
obtained at the SECs Public Reference Room at 100 F Street NE, Washington, DC 20549. Information on the operation of the Public Reference Room is available by calling the SEC at 800SEC-0330. You may also access this information at the
SECs website at http www.sec.gov. This site contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. ITEM1A.
RISK FACTORS. The statements under this heading describe the most significant risks to the Companys business identified by management and should be considered carefully in conjunction with the discussion under
the heading Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the Companys Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item8 of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. The following is a discussion of risks and uncertainties that the Company believes could, individually or in
the aggregate, cause its actual results to differ materially from expected and past results. However, predicting or identifying all such risks and uncertainties is not possible. As a result, the following factors should not be considered to be a
complete discussion of the Companys risks and uncertainties. Competitors may develop products that make the Companys
products obsolete or less competitive. The CAM2 market is characterized by rapid technological change. Competitors may
develop new or improved products, processes or technologies that may make the Companys products obsolete or less competitive. As a result, the Companys success depends, in part, on its ability to maintain its technological advantage by developing new products and applications and enhancing its existing products, which can
be complex and time-consuming and require substantial investment by the Company. Significant delays in new product releases or difficulties in developing new products could adversely affect the Companys business, revenues and results of
operations. The Company can provide no assurance that it will be able to adapt to evolving markets and technologies or maintain its technological advantage. 
10 Table of Contents
The Companys financial performance is dependent on the conditions of the automotive, aerospace,
and heavy equipment industries, which have recently experienced and may again experience significant disruptions in the current economic environment. A significant portion of the Companys sales are to manufacturers in the automotive, aerospace and heavy equipment industries. The Company is dependent upon the continued viability and financial
stability of its customers in these industries, which are highly cyclical and dependent upon the general health of the economy and consumer spending. Customers buying process for the Companys products is highly decentralized and typically requires significant time and expense for the Company to further penetrate the potential market
of a specific customer, which may delay its ability to generate additional revenue. The Companys success
depends, in part, on its ability to further penetrate its customer base. During 2010, approximately 59% of the Companys revenue was attributable to sales to its existing customers. If the Company is not able to continue to further penetrate
its existing customer base, its sales growth may decline. However, most of the Companys customers have a decentralized buying process for measurement devices, and the Company must spend significant time and resources to increase revenues from
a specific customer. For example, the Company may provide products to only one of its customers manufacturing facilities or for a specific product line within a manufacturing facility. The Company cannot offer any assurance that it will be
able to maintain or increase the amount of sales to its existing customers, which could adversely affect its financial condition and target financial results. The Companys ability to protect its patents and proprietary rights in the United States and foreign countries could adversely affect its revenues. 
The Companys success depends, in large part, on its ability to obtain and maintain patents and other proprietary right protection
for its processes and products in the United States and other countries. The Company also relies upon trade secrets, technical know-how and continuing inventions to maintain its competitive position. The Company seeks to protect its technology and
trade secrets, in part, by confidentiality agreements with its employees and contractors. However, the Companys employees may breach these agreements or the Companys trade secrets may otherwise become known or be independently discovered
by inventors. If the Company is unable to obtain or maintain protection of its patents, trade secrets and other proprietary rights, it may not be able to prevent third parties from using its proprietary rights, which could have a material adverse
effect on the Companys results of operations. The Companys patent protection involves complex legal and technical
questions. Its patents may be challenged, narrowed, invalidated or circumvented. Further, the Company may be able to protect its proprietary rights from infringement by third parties only to the extent that its proprietary processes and products are
covered by valid and enforceable patents or are effectively maintained as trade secrets. Furthermore, others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or design around the Companys patented technologies. Litigation or other
proceedings to defend or enforce its intellectual property rights could require the Company to spend significant time and money, which could have an adverse impact on the Companys financial condition. 
Claims from others that the Company infringes their intellectual property rights may adversely affect its business and financial condition.
From time to time, the Company receives notices from others claiming it infringes their intellectual property rights.
Responding to these claims may require the Company to enter into royalty or licensing agreements on unfavorable terms, require it to stop selling or to redesign affected products, or require it to pay damages. In addition, from time to time, the
Company is involved in intellectual property lawsuits. On July11, 2008, Nikon Metrology, Inc. formerly Metris USA, Inc. filed a complaint for patent infringement against the Company concerning two U.S. patents. The Company believes that it
does not infringe the asserted patents and that the 
11 Table of Contents
patents are invalid. Although it is not possible to predict with certainty the outcome of every claim and lawsuit, the Company believes that the complaint by Nikon will not have a material impact
on the Companys results. However, the Company could in the future incur judgments or enter into settlements of lawsuits and claims that could have a material adverse effect on the Companys financial condition. Any litigation or
interference proceedings, regardless of their outcome, may be costly and may require significant time and attention of the Companys management and technical personnel. Product failures or product availability and performance issues could result in increased warranty costs, delays in new product introductions and enhancements and adversely affect the Companys
business. The Company regularly introduces new products and enhances existing products. Product failures in new or
existing products of the Company could result in increased warranty costs and delays in new product introductions, which could lead to a loss of sales and customers and have an adverse effect on the Companys business and financial condition.
The Company may not be able to achieve financial results within its target goals, and its operating results may fluctuate due to a
number of factors, many of which are beyond its control. The Companys ability to achieve financial results that
are within its goals is subject to a number of factors beyond its control. Moreover, the Companys annual and quarterly operating results have varied significantly in the past and likely will vary significantly in the future. Factors that cause
the Companys financial results to fluctuate include, but are not limited to, the following:  adverse changes in the manufacturing industry and general economic conditions,  the effectiveness of sales promotions and sales of demonstration equipment;  geographic expansion in the Asia/Pacific region and other regions;  training and ramp-up time for new sales people;  investments in potential acquisitions or strategic sales, product or other initiatives;  investments in technologies and new products and product enhancements, including costs associated with new product introductions and the timing and
market acceptance of new products and product enhancements;  quality issues with the Companys products;  shrinkage or other inventory losses due to product obsolescence, scrap or material price changes;  expansion of the Companys manufacturing capability and other inflationary pressures;  the size and timing of customer orders, many of which are received towards the end of the quarter;  the amount of time that it takes to fulfill orders and ship the Companys products;  the length of the Companys sales cycle to new customers;  customer order deferrals in anticipation of new products and product enhancements;  start-up costs and ramp-up time associated with opening new sales offices outside of the United States;  variations in the effective income tax rate and the difficulty in predicting the tax rate on a quarterly and annual basis; and
litigation and regulatory action brought against the Company. 
Any one or a combination of these factors could adversely affect the Companys annual and quarterly operating results in the future
and could cause it to fail to achieve its target financial results. 
12 Table of Contents
The Companys growth depends on the ability of the Companys products to attain broad market
acceptance. The market for traditional fixed-base CMMs, check fixtures, handheld measurement tools, and surveying
equipment is mature. Part of the Companys strategy is to continue to displace these traditional measurement devices. Displacing traditional measurement devices and achieving broad market acceptance of the Companys products requires
significant effort to convince manufacturers to reevaluate their historical measurement procedures and methodologies. The
CAM2 market is emerging and the potential size and growth rate of this market is uncertain and difficult to quantify. If the CAM2 market does not continue to expand or does not expand as quickly as the Company anticipates, it may not be able to grow
its sales, which may affect its financial results. The Company markets six closely interdependent
products FaroArm, FARO Laser ScanArm, FARO Focus3D, FARO
Laser Tracker ION, FARO Gage and FARO 3D Imager AMP and related software for use in measurement, inspection, and high density surveying applications. Substantially all of the Companys revenues are currently derived from sales of these
products and software, and it plans to continue its business strategy of focusing on the portable software-driven, 3-D measurement and inspection market. Consequently, the Companys financial performance will depend in large part on portable,
computer-based measurement, inspection, and high density surveying products achieving broad market acceptance. If its products cannot attain broad market acceptance, the Company will not grow as anticipated and may be required to make increased
expenditures on research and development for new applications or new products. The Company competes with manufacturers of portable
measurement systems and traditional measurement devices, many of which have more resources than the Company and may develop new products and technologies. 
The broad market for measurement devices is highly competitive. In the FARO Gage product line, the Company competes
with manufacturers of handheld measurement tools and fixed-base CMMs, including some large, well-established companies. In the FaroArm, FARO Laser ScanArm, FARO Laser Tracker ION, FARO Focus3D and FARO 3D Imager AMP product lines, the Company competes primarily with Hexagon Metrology, a division of Hexagon,
and with Steinbichler Optotechink GmbH and GOM mbh in the 3D Imager product lines. The Company also competes in these product lines with a number of other smaller competitors. The Company competes on the basis of technical innovation, product
performance, quality, and price with respect to all of its products. The Company will be required to make continued
investments in technology and product development to maintain the technological advantage that it believes it currently has over its competition. Some of its competitors, including some manufacturers of fixed-base CMMs and Hexagon, possess
substantially greater financial, technical, and marketing resources than it possesses. Moreover, the Company cannot be certain that its technology or its product development efforts will allow it to successfully compete as the industry evolves. As
the market for its portable measurement systems expands, additional competition may emerge and the Companys existing and future competitors may commit more resources to the markets in which the Company participates. The Companys results
of operations could be adversely affected by pricing strategies pursued by competitors or technological or product developments by competitors. 
The Company derives a substantial part of its revenues from its international operations, which are subject to greater volatility and often require
more management time and expense to achieve profitability than its domestic operations. The Company derives more than
half of its revenues from international operations. The Companys international operations are subject to various risks, including:  difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations;  political and economic instability; 
13 Table of Contents unexpected changes in regulatory requirements and laws;  longer customer payment cycles and difficulty collecting accounts receivable;  compliance with export and import regulations and trade restrictions;  governmental restrictions on the transfer of funds to the Company from its operations outside the United States; and  burdens of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws and labor practices. 
Several of the countries where the Company operates have emerging or developing economies, which may be subject to greater currency
volatility, negative growth, high inflation, limited availability of foreign exchange and other risks. These factors may harm the Companys results of operations and any measures that it may implement to reduce the effect of volatile currencies
and other risks of its international operations may not be effective. Because a significant portion of the Companys revenues and
expenses are denominated in foreign currencies, the Company faces significant exposure to foreign exchange rate risk. 
Approximately 62% of the Companys sales are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. As a result, the Companys
results of operations are affected by fluctuations in exchange rates, which can cause significant fluctuations in the Companys quarterly and annual results of operations. Fluctuations in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and such foreign
currencies may have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations and financial condition, and could specifically result in foreign exchange gains and losses. To the extent that the percentage of its non-U.S. dollar revenues
derived from international sales increases in the future, the Companys exposure to risks associated with fluctuations in foreign exchange rates will increase. Any failure to comply with the Companys settlement of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act Matter or anti-corruption laws could subject the Company to fines and penalties. 
The Company has entered into settlement agreements and documents with the SEC and the Department of Justice, or DOJ, concerning certain
payments made by the Companys China subsidiary that may have violated the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or the FCPA, and other applicable laws, which we refer to as the FCPA Matter, pursuant to which the Company has, among other things,
continuing obligations with the SEC and the DOJ with respect to compliance with the FCPA and other laws, full cooperation with the government, and the adoption of a compliance code containing specific provisions intended to prevent violations of the
FCPA. Any failure to comply with any such continuing obligations could result in the SEC and the DOJ seeking to impose penalties against the Company in the future. In addition, many countries in which the Company operates have increased regulation
regarding anti-corruption practices generally. Compliance with such regulations could be costly and could adversely impact the Companys results of operations or delay entry into new markets. 
The Company may not be able to identify, consummate or achieve expected benefits from acquisitions, which could harm its growth.
The Companys growth strategy partly depends on its ability to obtain additional technologies, complementary
product lines and sales channels through selective acquisitions and strategic investments. The Company may not be able to identify and successfully negotiate suitable acquisitions, obtain financing for future acquisitions, if necessary, on
satisfactory terms or otherwise complete acquisitions in the future. In the past, the Company has used its stock as consideration for acquisitions. The Companys common stock may not remain at a price at which it can be used as consideration
for acquisitions without diluting the Companys existing shareholders, and potential acquisition candidates may not view the Companys stock attractively. In addition, realization of the benefits of acquisitions often requires integration of some or all of the sales and marketing, distribution, manufacturing, engineering, finance and administrative
organizations of the acquired 
14 Table of Contents
companies. The integration of acquisitions demands substantial attention from senior management and the management of the acquired companies. Any acquisition may be subject to a variety of risks
and uncertainties including:  the inability to assimilate effectively the operations, products, technologies and personnel of the acquired companies some of which may be located in
diverse geographic regions;  the inability to maintain uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies;  the need or obligation to divest portions of the acquired companies; and  the potential impairment of relationships with customers. The Company cannot offer any assurance that it will be able to identify or complete suitable acquisitions, integrate successfully any acquisitions, that any acquired companies will operate profitably, or
that it will realize the expected benefits from any acquisition. The Company may face difficulties managing the effects of its growth.
If its business grows rapidly in the future, the Company expects it to result in:  increased complexity;  increased responsibility for existing and new management personnel; and  incremental strain on its operations and financial and management systems. 
If the Company is not able to manage the effects of its future growth, its business, financial condition and operating results may be
harmed. The Companys dependence on suppliers for materials could impair its ability to manufacture its products.
Outside vendors provide key components used by the Company in the manufacture of its products. Although the Company
believes that alternative sources for these components are available, any supply interruption in a limited source component would harm its ability to manufacture its products until a new source of supply is identified. In addition, an uncorrected
defect or suppliers variation in a component, either known or unknown to the Company, or incompatibility with its manufacturing processes could harm its ability to manufacture its products. The Company may not be able to find a sufficient
alternative supplier in a reasonable period, or on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. If the Company fails to obtain a supplier for the manufacture of components of its potential products, it may experience delays or interruptions in its
operations, which would adversely affect its business, results of operations and financial condition. The Companys failure to
attract and retain qualified personnel could lead to a loss of sales or decreased profitability or growth. The Company
may not be able to attract and retain sufficient qualified personnel to support its growth. In addition, the loss of the Companys Chief Executive Officer, or other key personnel, could adversely affect its sales, profitability, or growth.
Moreover, the Company continues to rely in part on equity awards to attract and retain qualified personnel, which may result in an increase in compensation expense. The Company is subject to risks of natural disasters. The
occurrence of one or more natural disasters, such as tornadoes, hurricanes, earthquakes, floods and other forms of severe weather in any region where the Company has a facility could result in physical damage to, and complete or partial closure of,
one or more of the Companys manufacturing facilities, which could adversely affect the Companys business, operations and financial performance. Interruptions in the Companys 
15 Table of Contents
manufacturing operations or damage to its manufacturing facilities could reduce the Companys revenues and increase its costs, and the extent of losses from natural disasters and severe
weather will be a function of both the severity of the event and the total amount of insured exposure. Although the Company maintains insurance coverage, it can offer no assure that its insurance coverage will be adequate to cover any losses or that
it will be able to maintain insurance at a reasonable cost in the future. If losses from business interruption or property damage exceed the amounts for which the Company is insured, the Companys business, results of operations and financial
condition could be adversely affected. The Company may experience volatility in its stock price. 
The price of the Companys common stock has been, and may continue to be, highly volatile in response to various factors, many of
which are beyond its control, including:  fluctuations in demand for, and sales of, the Companys products or prolonged downturns in the industries that the Company serves;
actual or anticipated variations in quarterly or annual operating results;  general economic uncertainties;  speculation in the press or investment community; and  announcements of technological innovations or new products by the Company or its competitors. 
The market price of the Companys common stock may also be affected by its inability to meet analyst and investor expectations and
failure to achieve projected financial results. Any failure to meet such expectations or projected financial results, even if minor, could cause the market price of the Companys common stock to decline. Volatility in its stock price may result
in the inability of the Companys shareholders to sell their shares at or above the price at which they purchased them. 
In addition, stock markets have generally experienced a high level of price and volume volatility, and the market prices of equity
securities of many companies have experienced wide price fluctuations not necessarily related to the operating performance of such companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of the Companys common stock.
In the past, securities class action lawsuits frequently have been instituted against such companies following periods of volatility in the market price of such companies securities. If any such litigation is instigated against the Company, it
could result in substantial costs and a diversion of managements attention and resources, which could have a material adverse effect on its results of operations and financial condition. 
Anti-takeover provisions in the Companys articles of incorporation, its bylaws and provisions of Florida law could delay or prevent a change
of control that you may favor. The Companys articles of incorporation, its bylaws and provisions of Florida law
could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire the Company. Although the Company believes such provisions are appropriate to protect long-term value for its shareholders, these provisions could discourage potential takeover attempts and
could adversely affect the market price of the Companys shares. Because of these provisions, you might not be able to receive a premium on your investment. These provisions include:  a limitation on shareholders ability to call a special meeting of the Companys shareholders;  advance notice requirements to nominate directors for election to the Companys board of directors or to propose matters that can be acted on by
shareholders at shareholder meetings;  the Companys classified board of directors, which means that approximately one-third of its directors are elected each year; and
the authority of the board of directors to issue, without shareholder approval, preferred stock with such terms as the board of directors may
determine. 
16 Table of Contents
The provisions described above could delay or make more difficult transactions involving a
change in control of the Company or its management.  Item 1.
Business. 2 Item 1A.
Risk Factors. 10 Item 1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments. 17 Item 2.
Properties. 17 Item 3.
Legal Proceedings. 17 Item 4.
Removed and Reserved 18 PART II 19 Item 5.
PROPERTIES. The Americas The Companys headquarters are located in a
leased building in Lake Mary, Florida containing approximately 46,000 square feet. This facility houses the Companys sales, marketing, customer service/application operations and administrative staff. The Companys U.S. production,
research and development and manufacturing are located in a leased building in Lake Mary, Florida consisting of approximately 35,000 square feet. The Company also has a leased facility consisting of two buildings totaling approximately 37,000 square
feet located in Kennett Square, Pennsylvania containing research and development, manufacturing and service operations of the laser tracker product lines. Europe/Africa The Companys European headquarters are located
in a leased building in Stuttgart, Germany containing approximately 62,000 square feet. This facility houses the manufacturing, administration, sales, marketing and service management personnel for the Companys European operations.
Additionally, the Company has a leased facility consisting of approximately 16,000 square feet located in Schaffhausen, Switzerland containing manufacturing operations for the Companys products shipped to customers in Europe and Africa.
Asia/Pacific The Companys Asian headquarters are located in a leased building in Singapore containing approximately 22,000 square feet. This facility houses the administration, sales, marketing, production,
service management personnel and manufacturing for the Companys Asian operations. The Companys Japan headquarters are located in a leased building in Nagoya, Japan containing approximately 17,000 square feet. This facility houses the
Companys Japan sales, marketing and service operations. The Companys China headquarters are located in a leased building in Shanghai, China containing approximately 11,000 square feet for sales, marketing and service operations.
The Company believes that its current facilities will be adequate for its foreseeable needs and that it will be able to
locate suitable space for additional regional offices or enhanced production needs as necessary. The information required by
the remainder of this Item is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 991 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  ITEM3.
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. Patent MattersOn July11, 2008, Metris USA, Inc. and its affiliates, Metris N.V., Metris IPR N.V. and 3-D Scanners Ltd., filed a complaint against the Company for patent
infringement in the U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts the Massachusetts Court concerning U.S. Patent Nos. 6,611,617 and 7,313,264 hereinafter, the patents-in-suit. Following an acquisition by Nikon
Corporation in late 2009, Metris USA, Inc. subsequently changed its name to Nikon Metrology, Inc., Metris N.V. changed its name to Nikon Metrology NV, and Metris IPR N.V. was dissolved and merged into Nikon Metrology NV. We refer to each of Nikon
Metrology, Inc., Nikon Metrology NV, and 3-D Scanners Ltd. as Plaintiffs or Nikon. 
17 Table of Contents
The Company responded to the complaint with counterclaims alleging that the patents-in-suit,
which are generally directed to laser scanning devices, are invalid, non-infringed, and unenforceable due to fraud during prosecution of the patents in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. On August31, 2009, the Massachusetts Court granted
the Companys motion to add counterclaims and defenses for violation of federal and state antitrust and unfair competition laws based on the alleged knowing assertion of invalid and fraudulent patents. The Company also filed an amended
counterclaim to add the Plaintiffs parent company, Nikon Corporation, as a counterclaim defendant. On January29,
2010, the Company filed a motion for summary judgment that the patents-in-suit are unenforceable due to inequitable conduct during patent prosecution. Evidentiary hearings on the issue of inequitable conduct commenced on July19, 2010, and
concluded on October22, 2010. Post-trial briefing concluded on December10, 2010. The Court has not yet issued a decision. On July14, 2010, the Company filed a motion for summary judgment of non-infringement of both patents-in-suit.
No hearing date has been set. In addition, during the first quarter of 2010, Nikon served a supplemental interrogatory answer revising its alleged date of conception of the patents-in-suit to an earlier date. The Company filed a motion to strike the
supplemental interrogatory answer, and the parties are waiting for the hearing date on the motion. On August31, 2010, Nikon filed a motion for summary judgment against the Companys counterclaims for antitrust violations and unfair trade
practices. The Company filed its opposition on October12, 2010. No hearing date has been set for the motion. No further motions for summary judgment are expected to be filed. A mediation hearing was conducted on February18, 2011 and the
Company currently expects that the litigation will continue. The Company believes that it does not infringe the
patents-in-suit and/or that the patents-in-suit are invalid and unenforceable. The Company does not anticipate this lawsuit will have a material impact on the Company; however, the outcome is difficult to predict, and an adverse determination could
have a material impact on the Companys business, financial condition or results of operations. Other than the
litigation mentioned above, the Company is not involved in any other legal proceedings, other than routine litigation arising in the normal course of business, none of which the Company believes will have a material adverse effect on the
Companys business, financial condition or results of operations.  Item 1.
Business. 2 Item 1A.
Risk Factors. 10 Item 1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments. 17 Item 2.
Properties. 17 Item 3.
Legal Proceedings. 17 Item 4.
Removed and Reserved 18 PART II 19 Item 5.
MARKET FOR REGISTRANTS COMMON EQUITY,
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 
Market Information and Holders The Companys common stock is listed and traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol FARO. The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the high and low sales prices of the Companys common stock as reported by the NASDAQ Stock Market: 2010 2009 High Low High Low First Quarter 2702 1680 1767 1085 Second Quarter 2940 1760 1824 1300 Third Quarter 2262 1782 1863 1363 Fourth Quarter 3352 2163 2213 1468
As of
February23, 2011, the Company had 61 holders of record of common stock. Dividends 
The Company has not paid any cash dividends on its common stock to date. The Company expects to retain future earnings for use in
operating and expanding its business and does not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the reasonably foreseeable future. Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities During the year ended December31, 2010, the Company did not sell any equity
securities that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act. Purchases of Equity Securities
On November24, 2008, the Companys Board of Directors approved a $30 million share repurchase program.
Acquisitions for the share repurchase program will be made from time to time at prevailing prices as permitted by securities laws and other legal requirements, and subject to market conditions and other factors. The share repurchase program may be
discontinued at any time. There is no restriction date or other restriction governing the period over which the Company can repurchase shares under the program. The Company did not purchase any shares in the year ended December31, 2010 under
the repurchase program. Performance Graph The following performance graph and related information shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC, nor shall such information be incorporated by
reference into any future filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference into such filing. 
The following line graph compares the cumulative five-year returns on the Companys common stock with 1the cumulative
returns of the Dow Jones U.S. Total Market Index, 2the Dow Jones U.S. Electronic Equipment Index, 3the NASDAQ Composite Index and 4the Scientific Technical Instruments Index. 
19 Table of Contents
The Company previously used the two Dow Jones indices, but has changed to the NASDAQ
Composite Index as the broad equity market index and the Scientific Technical Instruments Index as the published industry index, because these indices represent companies more comparable to FARO. 
For purposes of preparing the graph, we assumed that an investment of $100 was made at market close on December30, 2005, the last
trading day before the beginning of the Companys fifth preceding fiscal year, with reinvestment of any dividends at the time they were paid. The Company did not pay any dividends during the period indicated. 
The comparison in the graph below is based on historical data and is not necessarily indicative of future performance of the
Companys common stock. COMPARISON OF CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN 
ASSUMES $100 INVESTED ON JAN. 01,2006 
ASSUMES DIVIDEND REINVESTED FISCAL YEAR ENDING DEC. 31,2010  Period Ending Company/Market/Peer Group
12/31/2005 12/31/2006 12/31/2007 12/31/2008 12/31/2009 12/31/2010 FARO Technologies, Inc. 10000 12020 13590 8430 10720 16420 NASDAQ Composite Index 10000 11026 12189 7310 10623 12537 Scientific Technical Instruments 10000 12110 15558 6302 9836 11991 DJ U.S. Total Market 10000 12163 12298 7832 9319 10822 DJ U.S. Electronic Equip. 10000 11534 13534 7945 11425 15364
20 Table of Contents ITEM6.
SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA. HistoricalYear ended December31 in thousands, except share and per-share data
2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 Consolidated Statement of Income Data Sales 191,775 147,703 209,249 191,617 152,405 Gross profit 113,398 80,708 125,226 115,043 89,458 Income loss from operations 16,927 10,989 18,937 19,111 8,259 Income loss before income tax expense 14,215 10,158 18,360 23,036 9,776 Net income loss 11,068 10,582 13,952 18,093 8,196 Net income loss per common share Basic 069 066 084 117 057 Diluted 068 066 083 115 056 Weighted average shares outstanding Basic 16,153,831 16,125,449 16,632,608 15,443,259 14,397,050 Diluted 16,365,826 16,125,449 16,734,403 15,722,215 14,560,331 Historicalas at December 31 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 Consolidated Balance Sheet Data Working capital 162,814 148,213 163,230 154,946 73,692 Total assets 266,019 235,710 259,314 243,539 144,276 Total debt 216 273 368 240 205 Total shareholders equity 212,477 196,598 212,308 194,499 111,055
ITEM7.
MANAGEMENTS DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. The following information should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company, including the notes thereto, included in Part II. Item8 of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. Overview The Company designs, develops, manufactures, markets and supports portable, software driven, 3-D measurement and imaging systems used in a broad range of manufacturing, industrial, building construction
and forensic applications. The Companys FaroArm, FARO Laser ScanArm and FARO Gage articulated measuring devices, the FARO Laser Tracker ION, the FARO Focus3D, the FARO 3D Imager AMP and their companion CAM2 software systems provide for CAD-based inspection, and high-density
surveying and other applications. Together, these products integrate the measurement, quality inspection, and reverse engineering functions with CAD software to improve productivity, enhance product quality and decrease rework and scrap in the
manufacturing process. The Company derives revenues primarily from the sale of its measurement equipment and their related
multi-faceted CAM2 software programs. Revenue related to these products is generally recognized upon shipment. In addition, the Company sells one and three-year extended warranties and training and technology consulting services relating to its
products. The Company recognizes the revenue from extended warranties on a straight-line basis. The Company also receives royalties from licensing agreements for its historical medical technology and recognizes the revenue from these royalties as
licensees use the technology. 
21 Table of Contents
The Company operates in international markets throughout the world and maintains sales
offices in France, Germany, Great Britain, Japan, Spain, Italy, Turkey, China, India, Poland, the Netherlands, Malaysia, Thailand, Singapore and Vietnam. The Company manages and reports its global sales in three regions: the Americas, Europe/Africa
and Asia/Pacific. The Company manufactures its FaroArm, FARO Gage, FARO 3D Imager AMP, and FARO Laser
Tracker ION products in its manufacturing facility located in Switzerland for customer orders from the Europe/Africa region, in its manufacturing facility located in Singapore for customer orders from the Asia/Pacific region, and in its
manufacturing facilities located in Florida and Pennsylvania for customer orders from the Americas. The Company manufactures its FARO FOCUS3D product in its facility located in Stuttgart, Germany. The Company expects all its existing plants to have the
production capacity necessary to support its volume requirements through 2011. The Company accounts for wholly owned foreign
subsidiaries in the currency of the respective foreign jurisdiction, and therefore, fluctuations in exchange rates may have an impact on inter-company accounts reflected in the Companys consolidated financial statements. The Company is aware
of the availability of off-balance sheet financial instruments to hedge exposure to foreign currency exchange rates, including cross-currency swaps, forward contracts and foreign currency options. However, it does not regularly use such instruments,
and none were utilized in 2010, 2009 or 2008. The Company was profitable in each quarter in the year
ended December31, 2010. The Company incurred a net loss in the year ended December31, 2009, primarily as a result of a decrease in product sales. The Company attributes the decrease in product sales principally to the decline of the
global economy. Prior to 2009, the Company had a history of sales and earnings growth and 26 consecutive profitable quarters through December31, 2008. Its historical sales and earnings growth were the result of a number of factors, including:
continuing market demand for and acceptance of the Companys products; increased sales activity in part through additional sales staff worldwide, new products and product enhancements such as the and FARO Focus3D and FARO 3D Imager AMP and the effect of acquisitions. However, the
Companys historical financial performance is not indicative of its future financial performance. On December22,
2009, the Company filed a Registration Statement on Form S-3 with the SEC registering shares of common stock, preferred stock, and warrants to purchase common and preferred stock, either individually or in units, with a proposed maximum aggregate
offering price of $145 million. The proceeds from any offerings with respect to this registration statement, if any, would be used for either repayment or refinancing of debt, acquisition of additional businesses or technologies or for working
capital and general corporate purposes. FCPA Update As previously reported by the Company, the Company conducted an internal investigation in 2006 into certain payments made by its China subsidiary that may have violated the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
or the FCPA and other applicable laws, which we refer to as the FCPA Matter, and entered into settlement agreements and documents with the SEC and the U.S. Department of Justice or the DOJ, in 2008 related to the FCPA Matter.
Under the terms of the agreements with the SEC and the DOJ, the Company assumed a two-year monitoring obligation and other continuing obligations with respect to compliance with the FCPA and other laws, including full cooperation with the U.S.
government and the adoption of a compliance code containing specific provisions intended to prevent violations of the FCPA. During the second quarter of 2010, the Company, in conjunction with the SEC and the DOJ, completed the selection of the FCPA
monitor. As a result of delays in the SEC/DOJ approval of the monitor, the Company is currently still in the monitoring period, which otherwise would have already expired. The Company is cooperating with the monitor as the monitor implements a work
plan to assess the Companys compliance with the requirements of the settlement agreements. Failure to comply with any continuing obligations with respect to the FCPA Matter could result in the SEC and the DOJ seeking to impose penalties
against the Company in the future. 
22 Table of Contents
Results of Operations The following table sets forth, for the periods presented, the percentage of sales represented by certain items in the Companys consolidated statements of operations: YearsendedDecember31 2010 2009 2008 Statement of Operations Data Sales 1000 1000 1000 Cost of sales 409 454 402 Gross margin 591 546 598 Operating expenses Selling 264 329 301 General and administrative 140 169 125 Depreciation and amortization 33 37 22 Research and development 66 85 60 Total operating expenses 503 620 508 Income loss from operations 88 74 90 Interest income 01 02 10 Other expense income, net 15 04 10 Interest expense 00 01 02 Income loss before income tax expense 74 69 88 Income tax expense 16 03 21 Net Income loss 58 72 67 2010 Compared to 2009 Sales. Total sales increased $441 million, or 299%, to $1918 million in the year ended December31, 2010 from $1477 million for the year ended December31, 2009. This increase
resulted primarily from an increase in worldwide demand for products related, in part, to the recovery in the global economy. Product sales increased by $396 million, or 336%, to $1573 million for the year ended December31, 2010 from $1177
million in the year ended December31, 2009. Service revenue increased by $45 million, or 15%, to $345 million for the year ended December31, 2010 from $300 million in the year ended December31, 2009. 
Sales in the Americas region increased $174 million, or 314%, to $724 million for the year ended December31, 2010 from $550
million in the prior year period. Product sales in the Americas region increased by $147 million, or 345%, to $569 million for the year ended December31, 2010 from $422 million in the prior year. Service revenue in the Americas region
increased by $27 million, or 211%, to $155 million for the year ended December31, 2010 from $128 million for the prior year, primarily due to an increase in customer service revenue. 
Sales in the Europe/Africa region increased $117 million, or 187%, to $747 million for the year ended December31, 2010 from
$630 million in the year ended December31, 2009. Product sales in the Europe/Africa region increased by $110 million, or 219%, to $619 million for the year ended December31, 2010 from $509 million in the prior year. Service revenue
in the Europe/Africa region increased by $07 million, or 56%, to $128 million for the year ended December31, 2010 from $121 million in the prior year, primarily due to a increase in customer service revenue. 
Sales in the Asia/Pacific region increased $150 million, or 505%, to $447million for the year ended December31, 2010 from
$297 million in the year ended December31, 2009. Product sales in the Asia/Pacific 
23 Table of Contents
region increased by $139 million, or 565%, to $385 million for the year ended December31, 2010 from $246 million in the prior year. Service revenue in the Asia/Pacific region increased
by $11 million, or 208%, to $62 million for the year ended December31, 2010 from $51 million in the same period during the prior year, primarily due to an increase in warranty revenue. 
Gross profit increased by $327 million, or 405%, to $1134 million for the year ended December31, 2010 from $807 million for the
year ended December31, 2009. Gross margin increased to 591% for the year ended December31, 2010 from 546% for the year ended December31, 2009, primarily due to a change in the sales mix between higher-margin product sales and
lower-margin service revenue resulting from an increase in product sales. Gross margin from product sales increased to 653% in the year ended December31, 2010 from 607% for the prior year, primarily due to an increase in the product sales
mix of higher margin product lines. Gross margin from service revenues remained relatively flat at 309% in the year ended December31, 2010 compared to 310% for the prior year. The Company expects the trend of changes in the sales mix to
result in gross margins in the range of approximately 55% to 60% in 2011. Selling Expenses. Selling expenses increased
by $21 million, or 43%, to $507 million for the year ended December31, 2010 from $486 million for the year ended December31, 2009. This increase was primarily due to an increase in commissions expense of $47 million, an increase in
product demonstration costs of $13 million, and an increase in performance-based bonuses of $04 million, offset by a decrease in compensation costs of $36 million due to reduced headcount, and a decrease in travel expenses of $07 million.
Worldwide sales and marketing headcount decreased by 6, or 20%, to 300 at December31, 2010 from 306 at
December31, 2009. Regionally, the Companys sales and marketing headcount decreased by 9, or 100%, to 81 at December31, 2010 from 90 at December31, 2009 for the Americas; decreased by 1, or 10%, to 111 at December31,
2010 from 112 at December31, 2009 in Europe/Africa; and increased by 4, or 40%, in Asia/Pacific to 108 at December31, 2010 from 104 at December31, 2009. As a percentage of sales, selling expenses decreased to 264% of sales in the year ended December31, 2010 from 329% in the year ended December31, 2009. Regionally, selling expenses were 219%
of sales in the Americas for the year ended December31, 2010 compared to 307% of sales in the year ended December31, 2009; 301% of sales for Europe/Africa for the year ended December31, 2010 compared to 342% of sales in the
prior year; and 275% of sales for Asia/Pacific for the year ended December31, 2010 compared to 343% of sales in the prior year. General and administrative expenses. General and administrative expenses increased by $19 million, or 73%, to $268 million for the year ended December31, 2010 from $249 million for the
year ended December31, 2009. General and administrative expenses increased primarily due to the $11 million cost of the FCPA Monitor in connection with the DOJ and SEC settlement, an increase in legal and professional fees related to patent
litigation of $08 million, and an increase in performance based bonuses of $11 million, offset by a decrease in compensation costs of $09 million due to reduced headcount. General and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales decreased to
140% for the year ended December31, 2010 from 169% for the year ended December31, 2009. Depreciation and
amortization expenses. Depreciation and amortization expenses increased by $08 million to $63 million for the year ended December31, 2010 from $55 million for the year ended December31, 2009 as a result of an increase in property,
equipment and intangible assets. Research and development expenses. Research and development expenses increased $01
million, or 06%, to $127 million for year ended December31, 2010 from $126 million for the year ended December31, 2009, primarily due to an increase in performance-based bonuses of $08 million, offset by decreases in materials of
$01 million and subcontractor expenses of $06 million. Research and development expenses as a percentage of sales decreased to 66% for the year ended December31, 2010 from 85% for the year ended December31, 2009. 
24 Table of Contents
Interest income / expense. Interest income, net, decreased by $01 million to $01
million for the year ended December31, 2010 from $02 million for the year ended December31, 2009, due to a decrease in interest rates related to cash and short term investments. 
Other income expense, net. Other income expense, net increased by $34 million to $28 million of expense for the year ended
December31, 2010, from income of $06 million for the year ended December31, 2009, primarily as a result of an increase in foreign currency losses related to the effects of the decline in the Euro on the value of intercompany account
balances denominated in different currencies with the Companys European subsidiaries. Income tax expense. Income
tax expense increased by $27 million to $31 million for the year ended December31, 2010 from $04 million for the year ended December31, 2009, primarily due to an increase in pretax income. Income tax expense in the year ended
December31, 2009 included $26 million related to a settlement with the Internal Revenue Service in the fourth quarter of 2009 of an audit of the Companys federal corporate income tax returns for the period 2005 to 2007 related to the
valuation of certain intangible assets contributed to a foreign subsidiary of the Company under a RD Cost Sharing Arrangement entered into in 2001. Excluding the effects of the $26 million tax settlement, the Companys effective tax
benefit rate would have been 217% for 2009. The Company believes that calculating its effective tax rate without the impact of the IRS settlement is useful to management and investors to provide greater clarity and to facilitate internal and
external comparisons to the Companys historical tax rate. The Companys effective tax rate was 221% for the year ended December31, 2010 compared to a tax benefit rate of 217%, excluding the effects of the $26 million tax
settlement for the year ended December31, 2009. Total deferred tax assets for the Companys foreign subsidiaries relating to net operating loss carryforwards were $141 million and $122 million at December31, 2010 and 2009,
respectively. The related valuation allowance was $111 million and $106 million at December31, 2010 and 2009, respectively. The Company released a valuation allowance of approximately $12 million related to net operating losses of a
subsidiary in Germany as a result of being included in a group consolidated tax filing with net taxable earnings. The Companys tax rate continues to be lower than the statutory tax rate in the United States primarily as a result of favorable
tax rates in foreign jurisdictions. However, the Companys tax rate could be impacted positively or negatively by geographic changes in the manufacturing or sales of its products and the resulting effect on taxable income in each jurisdiction.
Net income. Net income increased by $217 million to $111 million for the year ended December31,
2010 from a net loss of $106 million for the year ended December31, 2009 as a result of the factors described above. 2009
Compared to 2008 Sales. Total sales decreased by $615 million, or 294%, to $1477 million in the year ended
December31, 2009 from $2092 million for the year ended December31, 2008. This decrease resulted primarily from a decrease in unit sales in all regions related to the weakness in the global economy. Product sales decreased by $615
million, or 343%, to $1177 million for the year ended December31, 2009 from $1792 million in the year ended December31, 2008. Service revenue remained flat at $300 million in 2009 and 2008. 
Sales in the Americas region decreased $233 million, or 298%, to $550 million for the year ended December31, 2009 from $783
million in the prior year period. Product sales in the Americas region decreased by $239 million, or 361%, to $423 million for the year ended December31, 2009 from $662 million in the prior year. Service revenue in the Americas region
increased by $07 million, or 58%, to $128 million for the year ended December31, 2009 from $121 million for the prior year. Sales in the Europe/Africa region decreased $306 million, or 327%, to $630 million for the year ended December31, 2009 from $936 million in the year ended December31, 2008. Product sales
in the Europe/Africa region decreased by $294 million, or 367%, to $508 million for the year ended December31, 2009 from $802 million in the prior year. Service revenue in the Europe/Africa region decreased by $13 million, or 97%, to
$121 million for the year ended December31, 2009 from $134 million in the prior year, primarily due to a decrease in customer service and training revenue. 
25 Table of Contents
Sales in the Asia/Pacific region decreased $76 million, or 204%, to $297million for
the year ended December31, 2009 from $373 million in the year ended December31, 2008. Product sales in the Asia/Pacific region decreased by $82 million, or 252%, to $246 million for the year ended December31, 2009 from $328
million in the prior year. Service revenue in the Asia/Pacific region increased by $06 million, or 133%, to $51 million for the year ended December31, 2009 from $45 million in the same period during the prior year, primarily due to an
increase in warranty revenue. Gross profit decreased by $445 million, or 356%, to $807 million for the year ended
December31, 2009 from $1252 million for the year ended December31, 2008. Gross margin decreased to 546% for the year ended December31, 2009 from 598% for the year ended December31, 2008, primarily due to a change in the
sales mix between higher-margin product sales and lower-margin service revenue resulting from a decrease in product sales. Gross margin from product sales decreased to 607% in the year ended December31, 2009 from 661% for the prior year,
primarily due to a change in the product sales mix resulting in a decrease in average unit selling prices. Gross margin from service revenues increased to 310% in the year ended December31, 2009 from 225% for the prior year, primarily due to
a decrease in customer service costs. Selling Expenses. Selling expenses decreased by $144 million, or 229%, to
$486 million for the year ended December31, 2009 from $630 million for the year ended December31, 2008. This decrease was primarily due to a decrease in compensation expense of $89 million, a decrease in travel-related expenses of
$25 million, a decrease in marketing and advertising costs of $20 million, and a decrease in recruiting and training expenses of $10 million. As a result of the reductions-in-force implemented by the Company in 2009, the Company incurred $10
million in severance costs and expects to save $62 million in compensation costs on an annualized basis. Worldwide sales and
marketing headcount decreased by 90, or 227%, to 306 at December31, 2009 from 396 at December31, 2008. Regionally, the Companys sales and marketing headcount decreased by 46, or 338%, to 90 at December31, 2009 from 136 at
December31, 2008 for the Americas; decreased by 27, or 194%, to 112 at December31, 2009 from 139 at December31, 2008 in Europe/Africa; and decreased by 17, or 140%, in Asia/Pacific to 104 at December31, 2009 from 121 at
December31, 2008. As a percentage of sales, selling expenses increased to 329% of sales in the year ended
December31, 2009 from 301% in the year ended December31, 2008. Regionally, selling expenses were 307% of sales in the Americas for the year ended December31, 2009 compared to 296% of sales in the year ended December31,
2008; 342% of sales for Europe/Africa for the year ended December31, 2009 compared to 305% of sales in the prior year; and 343% of sales for Asia/Pacific for the year ended December31, 2009 compared to 302% of sales in the prior
year. General and administrative expenses. General and administrative expenses decreased by $12 million, or 45%, to
$249 million for the year ended December31, 2009, from $261 million for the year ended December31, 2008. General and administrative expenses decreased primarily due to a decrease in compensation expense of $18 million, a decrease in
travel-related costs of $09 million, and a reduction in recruiting and training costs of $07 million, offset by an increase in the allowance for doubtful accounts of $05 million and an increase of $20 million in legal and professional fees
primarily related to patent litigation and the settlement of an IRS audit. General and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales increased to 169% for the year ended December31, 2009 from 125% for the year ended December31,
2008. As a result of the reductions-in-force implemented by the Company in 2009, the Company incurred $07 million in severance costs and expects to save $34 million in compensation costs on an annualized basis. 
Depreciation and amortization expenses. Depreciation and amortization expenses increased by $10 million to $55 million for the
year ended December31, 2009 from $45 million for the year ended December31, 2008 as a result of an increase in property, equipment and intangible assets. 
26 Table of Contents
Research and development expenses. Research and development expenses remained flat at
$126 million for the years ended December31, 2009 and 2008. Research and development expenses as a percentage of sales increased to 85% for the year ended December31, 2009 from 60% for the year ended December31, 2008. As a
result of the reductions-in-force implemented by the Company in 2009, the Company incurred $01 million in severance costs and expects to save $18 million in compensation costs on an annualized basis. 
Interest income / expense. Interest income, net, decreased by $15 million to $02 million for the year ended December31,
2009 from $17 million for the year ended December31, 2008, due to a decrease in interest rates related to cash and short term investments. Other income expense, net. Other income expense, net increased by $29 million to $06 million of income for the year ended December31, 2009, from an expense of $23 million for the year
ended December31, 2008, due to foreign currency transaction gains. Income tax expense. Income tax expense
decreased by $40 million to $04 million for the year ended December31, 2009 from $44 million for the year ended December31, 2008, primarily due to a decrease in pretax income. Income tax expense in the year ended December31,
2009 included $26 million related to a settlement with the Internal Revenue Service in the fourth quarter of 2009 of an audit of the Companys federal corporate income tax returns for the period 2005 to 2007 related to the valuation of certain
intangible assets contributed to a foreign subsidiary of the Company under a RD Cost Sharing Arrangement entered into in 2001. Excluding the effects of the $26 million tax settlement, the Companys effective tax benefit rate would have
been 217% for 2009. The Company believes that calculating its effective tax rate without the impact of the IRS settlement is useful to management and investors to provide greater clarity and to facilitate internal and external comparisons to the
Companys historical tax rate. The Companys effective tax rate was 240% for the year ended December31, 2008. Total deferred tax assets for the Companys foreign subsidiaries relating to net operating loss carryforwards were
$122 million and $102 million at December31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. The related valuation allowance was $106 million and $87 million at December31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. The Companys tax rate continues to be lower
than the statutory tax rate in the United States primarily as a result of favorable tax rates in foreign jurisdictions. However, the Companys tax rate could be impacted positively or negatively by geographic changes in the manufacturing or
sales of its products and the resulting effect on taxable income in each jurisdiction. Net income. Net
income decreased by $246 million to a net loss of $106 million for the year ended December31, 2009 from net income of $140 million for the year ended December31, 2008 as a result of the factors described above. 
Liquidity and Capital Resources Cash and cash equivalents increased by $156 million to $507 million at December31, 2010 from $351 million at December31, 2009. The increase was primarily attributable to an increase in net
income and non-cash expenses of $215 million, the effect of exchange rate changes on cash of $42 million, and proceeds from stock option exercises of $14 million, offset by an increase in working capital of $65 million, and $50 million in
purchases of equipment and intangible assets. On July11, 2006, the Company entered into a loan agreement providing for
a line of credit of $300 million, which was most recently amended on June18, 2009. Loans under the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement, as amended, bear interest at the rate of LIBOR plus a fixed percentage between 225% and 250%, and
require the Company to maintain a minimum cash balance and tangible net worth measured at the end of each of the Companys fiscal quarters. As of December31, 2010, the Company was in compliance with all of the covenants under the Amended
and Restated Loan Agreement, as amended. The term of the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement, as amended, extends to March31, 2012. The Company has not drawn on this line of credit. 
27 Table of Contents
In January 2010, the Companys subsidiary in China opened a short term line of credit,
expiring on July6, 2010, with the Bank of China for approximately $25 million, which bore interest at 486%. The subsidiary drew approximately $25 million as a temporary loan until the process of approving an additional capital investment
was approved by the Chinese government. The approval was received and the loan was repaid on April19, 2010. On
December22, 2009, the Company filed a Registration Statement on Form S-3 with the SEC registering shares of common stock, preferred stock, and warrants to purchase common and preferred stock, either individually or in units, with a value of up
to $145 million. The proceeds from any offerings with respect to this registration statement, if any, would be used for either repayment or refinancing of debt, acquisition of additional businesses or technologies or for working capital and general
corporate purposes. The Company believes that its working capital, anticipated cash flow from operations, cash and credit
facility will be sufficient to fund its long-term liquidity requirements for the foreseeable future. Off Balance Sheet Items
None. 
Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments The Company is party to capital leases on equipment with an initial term of 36 to 60 months and other non-cancelable operating leases. These obligations are presented below as of December31, 2010:
Payments Due by Period Total 1 Year 1-3Years 3-5Years 5Years Contractual Obligations Capital lease obligations 216 91 125 Operating lease obligations 15,805 5,002 6,069 2,411 2,323 Purchase obligations 16,938 16,938 Total 32,959 22,031 6,194 2,411 2,323 The Company enters into purchase commitments for products and services in the ordinary course of business.
These purchases generally cover production requirements for 60 to 90 days. The Company has a $03 million liability for unrecognized tax benefits that is excluded from the contractual obligations table due to the uncertainty of the period of
settlement, if any, with the respective taxing authorities. Inflation 
The Company believes that inflation has not had a material impact on its results of operations in recent years and does not expect
inflation to have a material impact on its operations in 2011. Critical Accounting Policies 
The preparation of the Companys consolidated financial statements requires the Companys management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses, as well as disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience, along with various other factors
believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Some of these judgments can be
subjective and complex and, consequently, actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. While for any given estimate or assumption made by the Companys management there may be other estimates or
assumptions that are 
28 Table of Contents
reasonable, the Company believes that, given the current facts and circumstances, it is unlikely that applying any such other reasonable estimate or assumption would materially impact the
financial statements. In response to the SECs financial reporting release, FR-60, Cautionary Advice Regarding
Disclosure About Critical Accounting Policies, the Company has selected its critical accounting policies for purposes of explaining the methodology used in the calculation in addition to any inherent uncertainties pertaining to the possible
effects on its financial condition. The critical policies discussed below are the Companys processes of recognizing revenue, the reserve for excess and obsolete inventory, income taxes, the reserve for warranties, and goodwill impairment.
These policies affect current assets and operating results and are therefore critical in assessing the Companys financial and operating condition. These policies involve certain assumptions that, if incorrect, could have an adverse impact on
the Companys operations and financial position. Revenue Recognition 
Revenue related to the Companys measurement equipment and related software is generally recognized upon shipment, as the Company
considers the earnings process substantially complete as of the shipping date. Revenue from sales of software only is recognized when no further significant production, modification or customization of the software is required and where persuasive
evidence of a sales agreement exists, delivery has occurred, and the sales price is fixed or determinable and deemed collectible. Revenues resulting from sales of comprehensive support, training and technology consulting services are recognized as
such services are performed. Extended maintenance plan revenues are recognized on a straight-line basis over the life of the plan. The Company warrants its products against defects in design, materials and workmanship for one year. A provision for
estimated future costs relating to warranty expense is recorded when products are shipped. Costs relating to extended maintenance plans are recognized as incurred. Revenue from the licensing agreements for the use of the Companys historical
technology for medical applications is recognized when the technology is used by the licensees. Reserve for Excess and Obsolete Inventory
Since the value of inventory that will ultimately be realized cannot be known with exact certainty, the
Company relies upon both past sales history and future sales forecasts to provide a basis for the determination of the reserve. Inventory is considered obsolete if the Company has withdrawn those products from the market or had no sales of the
product for the past 12 months and has no sales forecasted for the next 12 months. Inventory is considered excess if the quantity on hand exceeds 12 months of remaining usage. The resulting obsolete and excess parts are then reviewed to determine if
a substitute usage or a future need exists. Items without an identified current or future usage are reserved in an amount equal to 100% of the FIFO cost of such inventory. The Companys products are subject to changes in technologies that may
make certain of its products or their components obsolete or less competitive, which may increase its historical provisions to the reserve. Income Taxes The Company reviews its deferred tax assets on a regular
basis to evaluate their recoverability based upon expected future reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projections of future taxable income over a two-year period, and tax planning strategies that it might employ to utilize such assets, including
net operating loss carryforwards. Based on the positive and negative evidence of recoverability, the Company establishes a valuation allowance against the net deferred assets of a taxing jurisdiction in which it operates, unless it is more
likely than not that it will recover such assets through the above means. In the future, the Companys evaluation of the need for the valuation allowance will be significantly influenced by its ability to achieve profitability and its
ability to predict and achieve future projections of taxable income. Significant judgment is required in determining the
Companys worldwide provision for income taxes. In the ordinary course of global business, there are many transactions for which the ultimate tax outcome is 
29 Table of Contents
uncertain. The Company establishes provisions for income taxes when, despite the belief that tax positions are fully supportable, there remain certain positions that do not meet the minimum
probability threshold as described by ASC 740, which is a tax position that is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by the applicable taxing authority. In the ordinary course of business, the Company and its subsidiaries are
examined by various federal, state, and foreign tax authorities. The Company regularly assesses the potential outcomes of these examinations and any future examinations for the current or prior years in determining the adequacy of its provision for
income taxes. The Company assesses the likelihood and amount of potential adjustments and adjust the income tax provision, the current tax liability and deferred taxes in the period in which the facts that gave rise to a revision become known.
Reserve for Warranties The Company establishes at the time of sale a liability for the one-year warranty included with the initial purchase price of equipment, based upon an estimate of the repair expenses likely to be incurred
for the warranty period. The warranty period is measured in installation-months for each major product group. The warranty reserve is reflected in accrued liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The warranty expense is estimated
by applying the actual total repair expenses for each product group in the prior period and determining a rate of repair expense per installation month. This repair rate is multiplied by the number of installation-months of warranty for each product
group to determine the provision for warranty expenses for the period. The Company evaluates its exposure to warranty costs at the end of each period using the estimated expense per installation-month for each major product group, the number of
units remaining under warranty and the remaining number of months each unit will be under warranty. The Company has a history of new product introductions and enhancements to existing products, which may result in unforeseen issues that increase its
warranty costs. While such expenses have historically been within expectations, the Company cannot guarantee this will continue in the future. 
Goodwill Impairment 
Goodwill represents the excess cost of a business acquisition over the fair value of the net assets acquired. Indefinite-life identifiable
intangible assets and goodwill are not amortized but are tested for impairment. The Company performs an annual review in the fourth quarter of each year, or more frequently if indicators of potential impairment exist, to determine if the carrying
value of the recorded goodwill is impaired. If an asset is impaired, the difference between the value of the asset reflected on the financial statements and its current fair value is recognized as an expense in the period in which the impairment
occurs. The goodwill impairment test is applied using a two-step approach. In performing the first step, the company
calculates the fair values of each reporting unit using discounted cash flows DCF for each reporting unit. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds the fair market value, the second step is performed to measure the amount
of the impairment loss, if any. In the second step, the implied fair value of the goodwill is estimated as the fair value of the reporting unit as calculated in the first step, less the fair values of the net tangible and intangible assets of the
reporting unit other than goodwill. If the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds its implied fair market value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess, not to exceed the carrying amount of the goodwill. Management has
concluded there was no goodwill impairment in the years ended December31, 2010, 2009 and 2008. Impact of Recently Issued
Accounting Standards In June 2009, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued guidance now
codified within Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 810, Consolidation ASC 810. ASC 810 requires entities to perform an analysis to determine whether the enterprises variable interest or interests
give it a controlling financial interest in a variable interest entity. This analysis identifies the primary beneficiary of a variable interest entity as one with the power to direct the activities of a variable interest entity that most
significantly impact the 
30 Table of Contents
entitys economic performance and obligation to absorb losses of the entity that could potentially be significant to the variable interest. The guidance is effective as of the beginning of
the annual reporting period commencing after November15, 2009, with early adoption prohibited. The adoption of ASC 810 as of January1, 2010 did not have a material effect on the Companys financial position or results of operations.
In October 2009, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU No2009-13, Multiple-Delivery Revenue
Arrangements ASU 2009-13. ASU 2009-13 establishes the accounting and reporting guidance for arrangements, including multiple revenue-generating activities, and provides amendments to the criteria for separating deliverables and
measuring and allocating arrangement consideration to one or more units of accounting. The amendments of ASU 2009-13 also establish a selling price hierarchy for determining the selling price of a deliverable. Significantly enhanced disclosures are
also required by ASU 2009-13 to provide information about a vendors multiple-deliverable revenue arrangements, including information about the nature and terms, significant deliverables, and its performance within arrangements. The amendments
also require a reporting company to provide information about the significant judgments made and changes to those judgments and about how the application of the relative selling-price method affects the timing or amount of revenue recognition. The
amendments in ASU 2009-13 are effective prospectively for revenue arrangements entered into or materially modified in fiscal years beginning on or after June15, 2010, with early application permitted. The Company implemented this new standard
on January1, 2011 and does not expect the adoption of ASU 2009-13 to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. In January 2010, the FASB issued ASU 2010-6, Improving Disclosures About Fair Value Measurements ASU 2010-6, which requires reporting entities to make new disclosures about recurring
or nonrecurring fair-value measurements, including significant transfers into and out of Level 1 and Level 2 fair-value measurements and information on purchases, sales, issuances, and settlements on a gross basis in the reconciliation of Level 3
fair-value measurements. ASU 2010-6 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December15, 2009, except for Level 3 reconciliation disclosures, which are effective for annual periods beginning after December15, 2010. The
adoption of ASU 2010-6 did not have a material impact on the Companys consolidated financial statements nor is it expected to have a material impact for the portion effective at 2010 year end. 
In July 2010, the FASB issued guidance to enhance disclosures about the credit quality of a creditors financing receivables and the
adequacy of its allowance for credit losses. The amended guidance is effective for period-end balances beginning with the first interim or annual reporting period ending on or after December15, 2010. The amended guidance is effective for
activity during a reporting period beginning with the first interim or annual reporting period beginning on or after December15, 2010. The Company expects the amended guidance to impact its disclosures in future periods, but otherwise not have
a significant effect on its consolidated financial statements.  ITEM7A.
QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT
MARKET RISK. Foreign Exchange Exposure 
The Company conducts a significant portion of its business outside the United States. At present, 623% of its revenues are invoiced, and
a significant portion of its operating expenses paid, in foreign currencies. Fluctuations in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and such foreign currencies may have a material adverse effect on the Companys results of operations and
financial condition and could specifically result in foreign exchange gains and losses. The impact of future exchange rate fluctuations on the results of the Companys operations cannot be accurately predicted. To the extent that the percentage
of its non-U.S. dollar revenues derived from international sales increases in the future, the Companys exposure to risks associated with fluctuations in foreign exchange rates may increase. 
31 Table of Contents ITEM8.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
Board of Directors and Shareholders FARO
Technologies, Inc. and Subsidiaries We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of FARO Technologies, Inc. a Florida
corporation and subsidiaries as of December31, 2010 and 2009, and the related statements of operations, shareholders equity and comprehensive income, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December31, 2010.
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Companys management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of FARO
Technologies, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December31, 2010 and 2009, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December31, 2010 in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board United States, FARO Technologies, Inc. and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2010, based on criteria established in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO and our report dated February25, 2011 expressed an unqualified opinion. /s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP Orlando, Florida February25, 2011 
32 Table of Contents
FARO TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  in thousands, except share data
December31,2010 December31,2009 ASSETS Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents 50,722 35,078 Short-term investments 64,986 64,986 Accounts receivable, net 51,862 42,944 Inventories, net 28,242 26,582 Deferred income taxes, net 4,455 4,473 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 8,045 6,016 Total current assets 208,312 180,079 Property and Equipment Machinery and equipment 24,840 19,867 Furniture and fixtures 5,700 5,225 Leasehold improvements 9,682 9,434 Property and equipment at cost 40,222 34,526 Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 24,982 20,788 Property and equipment, net 15,240 13,738 Goodwill 19,015 19,934 Intangible assets, net 7,204 7,985 Service inventory 13,726 12,079 Deferred income taxes, net 2,522 1,895 Total Assets 266,019 235,710 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Current Liabilities Accounts payable 12,025 8,985 Accrued liabilities 15,208 8,173 Income taxes payable 1,138 229 Current portion of unearned service revenues 13,357 12,226 Customer deposits 3,679 2,173 Current portion of obligations under capital leases 91 80 Total current liabilities 45,498 31,866 Unearned service revenuesless current portion 6,758 5,910 Deferred income taxes, net 1,161 1,143 Obligations under capital leasesless current portion 125 193 Total Liabilities 53,542 39,112 Commitments and contingenciesSee Note 13 Shareholders Equity Common stock - par value $001, 50,000,000 shares authorized; 16,894,374 and 16,795,289 issued; 16,214,139 and 16,115,054
outstanding, respectively 17 17 Additional paid-in capital 156,310 152,380 Retained earnings 57,983 46,915 Accumulated other comprehensive income 7,242 6,361 Common stock in treasury, at cost680,235 shares 9,075 9,075 Total Shareholders Equity 212,477 196,598 Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 266,019 235,710 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
33 Table of Contents
FARO TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  Years ended December31 in thousands, except share and per share data
2010 2009 2008 SALES Product 157,331 117,714 179,209 Service 34,444 29,989 30,040 Total Sales 191,775 147,703 209,249 COST OF SALES Product 54,571 46,293 60,736 Service 23,806 20,702 23,287 Total Cost of Sales exclusive of depreciation and amortization, shown separately below 78,377 66,995 84,023 GROSS PROFIT 113,398 80,708 125,226 OPERATING EXPENSES Selling 50,679 48,598 63,015 General and administrative 26,776 24,956 26,144 Depreciation and amortization 6,326 5,530 4,505 Research and development 12,690 12,613 12,625 Total operating expenses 96,471 91,697 106,289 INCOME LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 16,927 10,989 18,937 OTHER INCOME EXPENSE Interest income 105 253 2,170 Other expense income, net 2,783 592 2,295 Interest expense 34 14 452 INCOME LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAX EXPENSE 14,215 10,158 18,360 INCOME TAX EXPENSE 3,147 424 4,408 NET INCOME LOSS 11,068 10,582 13,952 NET INCOME LOSS PER SHAREBASIC 069 066 084 NET INCOME LOSS PER SHAREDILUTED 068 066 083 Weighted average sharesBasic 16,153,831 16,125,449 16,632,608 Weighted average sharesDiluted 16,365,826 16,125,449 16,734,403 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
34 Table of Contents
FARO TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2010, 2009, AND 2008  Common Stock AdditonalPaid-inCapital RetainedEarnings  CommonStock
inTreasury Total in thousands except share data
Shares Amounts BALANCE DECEMBER 31, 2007 16,644,052 17 146,489 43,545 4,599 151 194,499 Net income 13,952 13,952 Currency translation adjustment 1,143 1,143 Comprehensive income 15,095 Stock Option Expense 1,793 1,793 Issuance of restricted stock 29,724 343 343 Stock issued for iQvolution milestone earn-outs 17,219 433 433 Stock options exercised 14,362 195 195 Tax benefit from employee stock option exercises 45 45 Stock Buy Back 6,805 95 95 BALANCE DECEMBER 31, 2008 16,698,552 17 149,298 57,497 5,742 246 212,308 Net loss 10,582 10,582 Currency translation adjustment 619 619 Comprehensive loss 9,963 Stock Option Expense 2,449 2,449 Issuance of restricted stock 42,487 Stock issued for iQvolution milestone earn-outs 30,692 546 546 Stock options exercised 7,750 83 83 Tax benefit from employee stock option exercises 4 4 Stock Buy Back 624,427 8,829 8,829 BALANCE DECEMBER 31, 2009 16,155,054 17 152,380 46,915 6,361 9,075 196,598 Net income 11,068 11,068 Currency translation adjustment 881 881 Comprehensive income 11,949 Stock Option Expense 2,392 2,392 Issuance of restricted stock 23,330 Stock options exercised 75,755 1,405 1,405 Tax benefit from employee stock option exercises 133 133 BALANCE DECEMBER 31, 2010 16,254,139 17 156,310 57,983 7,242 9,075 212,477 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
35 Table of Contents
FARO TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  Years Ended December31 in thousands
2010 2009 2008 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income loss 11,068 10,582 13,952 Adjustments to reconcile net income loss to net cash provided by operating activities Depreciation and amortization 6,326 5,530 4,505 Compensation for stock options and restricted stock units 2,392 2,449 2,237 Provision for bad debts 2,408 1,852 1,092 Deferred income tax benefit expense 693 1,986 1,972 Change in operating assets and liabilities Decrease increase in Accounts receivable 13,018 5,769 2,993 Inventories, net 6,273 8,301 6,429 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 2,172 1,964 1,187 Income tax benefit from exercise of stock options 133 4 45 Increase decrease in Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 10,435 7,891 5,317 Income taxes payable 829 1,749 355 Customer deposits 1,474 1,736 82 Unearned service revenues 2,338 396 3,710 Net cash provided by operating activities 14,981 8,965 13,266 INVESTING ACTIVITIES Purchases of property and equipment 4,047 3,387 9,705 Payments for intangible assets 979 670 3,766 Purchases of short-term investments 64,986 81,965 Proceeds from sales of short-term investments 81,965 77,375 Net cash used in provided by investing activities 5,026 12,922 18,061 FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from notes payable 2,490 Payments on notes payable 2,490 Payments on capital leases 84 88 11 Income tax benefit from exercise of stock options 133 4 45 Purchases of treasury stock 8,829 95 Proceeds from issuance of stock, net 1,405 83 92 Net cash provided by used in financing activities 1,454 8,830 31 EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES ON CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 4,235 1,473 2,460 INCREASE DECREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 15,644 11,584 2,304 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING OF PERIOD 35,078 23,494 25,798 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF PERIOD 50,722 35,078 23,494 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
36 Table of Contents
FARO TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 in thousands, except share
and per share data or as otherwise noted  1.
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Description of BusinessFARO Technologies, Inc. and its subsidiaries collectively the Company or FARO design, develop, manufacture, market and support
software-based three-dimensional measurement and imaging systems for manufacturing, industrial, building construction and forensic applications. The Companys principal products include the FaroArm, FARO Laser ScanArm and FARO Gage, all
articulated electromechanical measuring devices, and the FARO Laser Tracker ION, FARO Focus3D and FARO 3D Imager AMP all laser-based measuring devices. Markets for the Companys products include automobile, aerospace, heavy equipment, and law enforcement agencies. The Company sells the vast
majority of its products through a direct sales force located in many of the worlds largest industrialized countries. 
Principles of ConsolidationThe consolidated financial statements of the Company include the accounts of FARO
Technologies, Inc. and all of its subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. The financial statements of the Companys foreign subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars using exchange rates in effect at
period-end for assets and liabilities and average exchange rates during each reporting period for results of operations. Adjustments resulting from financial statement translations are reflected as a separate component of accumulated other
comprehensive income. Revenue Recognition, Product Warranty and Extended Maintenance ContractsRevenue
related to the Companys measurement systems integrated combinations of a measurement device, a computer and software loaded on the computer and the measurement device is generally recognized upon shipment, as the Company considers the
earnings process substantially complete as of the shipping date. The Company warrants its products against defects in design, materials and workmanship for one year. A provision for estimated future costs relating to warranty expense is recorded
when products are shipped. The Company separately sells one and three year extended warranties. Extended warranty revenues are recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the warranty. Costs relating to extended maintenance plans are
recognized as incurred. Revenue from sales of software only is recognized when no further significant production, modification or customization of the software is required and when the following criteria are met: persuasive evidence of a sales
agreement exists, delivery has occurred, and the sales price is fixed or determinable and deemed collectible. Revenues resulting from sales of comprehensive support, training and technology consulting services are recognized as such services are
performed and are deferred when billed in advance of the performance of services. Revenue from the licensing agreements for the use of the Companys technology for medical applications is generally recognized as licensees use the technology.
Amounts representing royalties for the current year and not received as of year-end are estimated as due based on historical data and recognized in the current year. Cash and Cash EquivalentsThe Company considers cash on hand and amounts on deposit with financial institutions with maturities of three months or less when purchased to be cash and
cash equivalents. The Company had deposits with foreign banks totaling $34,763 and $23,181 as of December31, 2010 and 2009, respectively. Accounts Receivable and Related Allowance for Doubtful AccountsCredit is extended to customers based on an evaluation of a customers financial condition and, generally,
collateral is not required. Accounts receivable are generally due within 30-90 days and are stated at amounts due from customers net of an allowance for doubtful accounts. Accounts outstanding longer than the contractual payment terms are considered
past due. The Company makes judgments as to the collectability of accounts receivable based on historical trends and future expectations. Management estimates an allowance for doubtful accounts, which adjusts gross trade accounts receivable to its
net realizable value. The allowance for doubtful accounts is based on an analysis of all 
37 Table of Contents
receivables for possible impairment issues and historical write-off percentages. The Company writes off accounts receivable when they become uncollectible, and payments subsequently received on
such receivables are credited to the allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company does not generally charge interest on past due receivables. InventoriesInventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value using the first-in first-out method. Shipping and handling costs are classified as a component of cost of
sales in the consolidated statements of operations. Sales demonstration inventory is comprised of measuring devices utilized by sales representatives to present the Companys products to customers. These products remain in sales demonstration
inventory for approximately six to twelve months and are subsequently sold at prices that produce slightly reduced gross margins. Service inventory is comprised of inventory that is not expected to be sold within twelve months, such as training and
loaned equipment. Property and EquipmentProperty and equipment purchases exceeding a thousand dollars are
capitalized and recorded at cost. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the various classes of assets as follows:  Machinery and equipment 2to5years Furniture and fixtures 3to10years
Leasehold
improvements are amortized on a straight-line basis over the lesser of the life of the asset or the term of the lease, not to exceed 7 years. Depreciation expense was $4,842, $4,143 and $3,485 in 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. Accelerated methods of depreciation are used for income tax purposes in contrast to book purposes, and as a result,
appropriate provisions are made for the related deferred income taxes. Goodwill and IntangiblesGoodwill
represents the excess cost of a business acquisition over the fair value of the net assets acquired. Indefinite-life identifiable intangible assets and goodwill are not amortized but are tested for impairment. The Company performs an annual review
in the fourth quarter of each year, or more frequently if indicators of potential impairment exist, to determine if the carrying value of the recorded goodwill is impaired. If an asset is impaired, the difference between the value of the asset
reflected on the financial statements and its current fair value is recognized as an expense in the period in which the impairment occurs. The goodwill impairment test is applied using a two-step approach. In performing the first step, the company calculates the fair values of each reporting units using discounted cash flows for each
reporting unit. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds the fair market value, the second step is performed to measure the amount of the impairment loss, if any. In the second step, the implied fair value of the goodwill is estimated as
the fair value of the reporting unit as calculated in the first step, less the fair values of the net tangible and intangible assets of the reporting unit other than goodwill. If the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds its implied fair market value,
an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess, not to exceed the carrying amount of the goodwill. Management has concluded there was no goodwill impairment in the years ended December31, 2010, 2009 and 2008. 
Other acquired intangibles principally include patents, existing product technology and customer relationships that arose in connection
with the Companys acquisition of iQvolution AG and Dimensional Photonics International. Other acquired intangibles are recorded at fair value at the date of acquisition and are amortized over their estimated useful lives of 3 to 15 years.
Patents are recorded at cost. Amortization is computed using the straight-line method over the lives of the patents.
38 Table of Contents
Long-Lived AssetsLong-lived assets, other than goodwill, are evaluated
for impairment when events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be fully recoverable. Management has concluded that there was no impairment of these assets for the years ended December31,
2010, 2009 and 2008. Research and DevelopmentResearch and development costs incurred in the discovery of
new knowledge and the resulting translation of this new knowledge into plans and designs for new products, prior to the attainment of the related products technological feasibility, are recorded as expenses in the period incurred. 
Reserve for WarrantiesThe Company establishes a liability for included twelve-month warranties by the creation of a
warranty reserve, which is an estimate of the repair expenses likely to be incurred for the remaining period of the warranty measured in installation-months in each major product group. Warranty reserve is reflected in accrued liabilities in the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The warranty expense is estimated by determining the total repair expenses for each product group in the period and determining a rate of repair expense per installation month. This repair rate is multiplied
by the number of installation-months of warranty for each product group sold during the period to determine the provision for warranty expenses for the period. The Company evaluates its exposure to warranty costs at the end of each period using the
estimated expense per installation month for each major product group, the number of units remaining under warranty, and the remaining number of months each unit will be under warranty. While such expenses have historically been within its
expectations, the Company cannot guarantee this will continue in the future. Income TaxesThe Company
reviews its deferred tax assets on a regular basis to evaluate their recoverability based upon expected future reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projections of future taxable income, and tax planning strategies that the Company might employ to
utilize such assets, including net operating loss carryforwards. Based on the positive and negative evidence for recoverability, the Company establishes a valuation allowance against the net deferred assets of a taxing jurisdiction in which the
Company operates unless it is more likely than not that the Company will recover such assets through the above means. In the future, the Companys evaluation of the need for the valuation allowance will be significantly influenced
by the Companys ability to achieve profitability and the Companys ability to predict and achieve future projections of taxable income over a two-year period. The Company recognizes tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not the tax position will be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. For those positions
where there is less than a 50% likelihood that a tax benefit will be sustained, no tax benefit has been recognized in the financial statements. In the ordinary course of business, the Company and its subsidiaries are examined by various federal,
state, and foreign tax authorities. The Company regularly assesses the potential outcomes of these examinations and any future examinations for the current or prior years in determining the adequacy of its provision for income taxes. 
Fair Value of Financial InstrumentsThe Companys financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents,
short-term investments, accounts receivable and accounts payable and accruals. Due to their short-term nature, the carrying amounts of such financial instruments approximate their fair value. 
Earnings Per ShareBasic earnings per share EPS is computed by dividing earnings available to common
shareholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS includes the effect of all dilutive stock options and equity instruments. A reconciliation of the number of common shares used in calculation of
basic and diluted EPS is presented in Note 15. Earnings Per Share. Concentration of Credit RiskFinancial
instruments that expose the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of short-term investments and operating demand deposit accounts. The Companys policy is to place its operating demand deposit accounts with high credit
quality financial institutions. 
39 Table of Contents
EstimatesThe preparation of financial statements in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
Impact of Recently Issued Accounting Standards As of January1, 2008, the Company adopted the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or the FASB, Accounting Standards Codification, or ASC, 820-10 formerly Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards, or SFAS, No157, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures. This statement defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in accordance with U.S. GAAP and expands disclosures about fair value
measurements. This statement does not require any new fair value measurements; rather, it applies to other accounting pronouncements that require or permit fair value measurements. The Company previously adopted the provisions of this pronouncement
for its financial assets and liabilities as of January1, 2008.Effective January1, 2009, the Company adopted ASC 820-10 for all non-financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis. The adoption of
ASC 820-10 did not have a material impact on the Companys consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. As of January1, 2009, the Company adopted FASB ASC 805-20 formerly SFAS141 and 141 Revised, Business CombinationsIdentifiable Assets and Liabilities, and Any Noncontrolling
Interest, or ASC 805-20. ASC 805-20 requires an acquirer to recognize the assets acquired, the liabilities assumed, and any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree at the acquisition date, measured at their fair values as of that date. The
statement also requires the acquirer in a business combination consummated in stages to recognize the identifiable assets and liabilities, as well as the noncontrolling interest in the acquiree, at the full amounts of their fair values. The
provisions of ASC 805-20 are effective prospectively to business combinations for which the acquisition date is on or after the beginning of the first annual reporting period beginning on or after December15, 2008. The adoption of ASC 805-20
had no material impact on the Companys financial position or results of operations. As of January1, 2009, the
Company adopted FASB ASC 810-10 formerly SFAS No160, Consolidation, or ASC 810-10. ASC 810-10 establishes accounting and reporting standards for the noncontrolling interest in a subsidiary and for the deconsolidation of a
subsidiary. ASC 810-10 is effective prospectively, except for certain retrospective disclosure requirements, for fiscal years beginning after December15, 2008. The adoption of ASC 810-10 had no material impact on the Companys financial
position or results of operations. As of January1, 2009, the Company adopted FASB ASC 815-10 formerly SFAS
No161, Derivatives and Hedging, or ASC 815-10. This statement requires enhanced disclosures about an entitys derivative and hedging activities. ASC 815-10 is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years and
interim periods beginning after November15, 2008. The adoption of ASC 815-10 had no material impact on the Companys consolidated financial statements. In June 2009, the FASB issued guidance now codified within ASC Topic 810, Consolidation, or ASC 810. ASC 810 requires entities to perform an analysis to determine whether the enterprises
variable interest or interests give it a controlling financial interest in a variable interest entity. This analysis identifies the primary beneficiary of a variable interest entity as one with the power to direct the activities of a variable
interest entity that most significantly impact the entitys economic performance and obligation to absorb losses of the entity that could potentially be significant to the variable interest. The guidance is effective as of the beginning of the
annual reporting period commencing after November15, 2009, with early adoption prohibited. The adoption of ASC 810 as of January1, 2010 did not have a material effect on the Companys financial position or results of operations.
40 Table of Contents
In October 2009, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update, or ASU No2009-13,
Multiple-Delivery Revenue Arrangements, or ASU 2009-13. ASU 2009-13 establishes the accounting and reporting guidance for arrangements, including multiple revenue-generating activities, and provides amendments to the criteria for separating
deliverables and measuring and allocating arrangement consideration to one or more units of accounting. The amendments of ASU 2009-13 also establish a selling price hierarchy for determining the selling price of a deliverable. Significantly enhanced
disclosures are also required by ASU 2009-13 to provide information about a vendors multiple-deliverable revenue arrangements, including information about the nature and terms, significant deliverables, and its performance within arrangements.
The amendments also require a reporting company to provide information about the significant judgments made and changes to those judgments and about how the application of the relative selling-price method affects the timing or amount of revenue
recognition. The amendments in ASU 2009-13 are effective prospectively for revenue arrangements entered into or materially modified in fiscal years beginning on or after June15, 2010, with early application permitted. The Company implemented
this new standard on January1, 2011 and does not expect the adoption of ASU 2009-13 to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. In January 2010, the FASB issued ASU 2010-6, Improving Disclosures About Fair Value Measurements or ASU2010-6, which requires reporting entities to make new disclosures about recurring or
nonrecurring fair-value measurements, including significant transfers into and out of Level 1 and Level 2 fair-value measurements and information on purchases, sales, issuances, and settlements on a gross basis in the reconciliation of Level 3
fair-value measurements. ASU 2010-6 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December15, 2009, except for Level 3 reconciliation disclosures, which are effective for annual periods beginning after December15, 2010. The
adoption of ASU 2010-6 did not have a material impact on the Companys consolidated financial statements nor is it expected to have a material impact for the portion effective at 2010 year end. 
In July 2010, the FASB issued guidance to enhance disclosures about the credit quality of a creditors financing receivables and the
adequacy of its allowance for credit losses. The amended guidance is effective for period-end balances beginning with the first interim or annual reporting period ending on or after December15, 2010. The amended guidance is effective for
activity during a reporting period beginning with the first interim or annual reporting period beginning on or after December15, 2010. The Company expects the amended guidance to impact its disclosures in future periods, but otherwise not have
a significant effect on its consolidated financial statements. In October 2009, the FASB issued ASU 2009-13, which amends ASC
Topic 605, Revenue Recognition. The guidance relates to the determination of when the individual deliverables included in a multiple-element arrangement may be treated as separate units of accounting and modifies the manner in which the
transaction consideration is allocated across the individual deliverables. Also, the guidance expands the disclosure requirements for revenue arrangements with multiple deliverables. ASU 2009-13 will be effective beginning on January1, 2011,
and may be applied retrospectively for all periods presented or prospectively to arrangements entered into or materially modified after the adoption date. The Company does not expect ASU 2009-13 to have a material impact on the Companys
consolidated financial statements.  2.
SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION Selected cash payments and non-cash activities were as follows:  Years ended December31 2010 2009 2008 Cash paid for interest 32 7 452 Cash paid for income taxes 2,870 2,431 6,846 Non-Cash Activity Value of Shares issued for acquisition of iQvolution 546 433
41 Table of Contents 3.
ALLOWANCE FOR DOUBTFUL ACCOUNTS The allowance for doubtful accounts is as follows:  Years ended December31 2010 2009 2008 Balance, beginning of year 3,159 1,727 739 Provision 2,408 1,852 1,092 Amounts written off, net of recoveries 867 420 104 Balance, end of year 4,700 3,159 1,727  4.
SHORT-TERM INVESTMENTS Short-term investments of $650 million at December31, 2010 and 2009 are comprised of U.S. Treasury Bills that mature through June17, 2011.The interest rate on the U.S. Treasury Bills is
less than one percent.The investments are classified as held-to-maturity and recorded at cost. The fair value of the U.S. Treasury Bills at December31, 2010 and 2009 approximated cost. 5.
INVENTORIES Inventories
consist of the following:  As ofDecember31,2010 As ofDecember31,2009 Raw materials 12,743 9,382 Finished goods 3,441 3,561 Sales demonstration inventory 14,662 16,111 Reserve for excess and obsolete 2,604 2,472 Inventory 28,242 26,582 Service inventory 13,726 12,079  42 Table of Contents 6.
GOODWILL The
Companys goodwill at December31, 2010 and 2009 is related to its acquisition of three previous businesses. The Company evaluates each reporting units fair value as compared to its carrying value on December31 of each year or
more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may exceed the fair value. Recoverability of goodwill is measured using a discounted cash flow model incorporating discount rates commensurate with the risks
involved for each reporting unit. The key assumptions used in the discounted cash flow model include discount rates, growth rates, cash flow projections and terminal value rates. These rates are susceptible to change and require significant
management judgment. Impairments to goodwill are charged against earnings in the period the impairment is identified. The Company has three reporting units for which goodwill was tested on December31, 2010: the Americas Region, the Europe/Asia
Region, and the Asia Pacific Region, as shown in the table below. As of December31, 2010 and 2009, the Company did not have any goodwill that was identified as impaired. The changes in goodwill of $09 million in 2010 and $10 million in 2009
are to adjustments for changes in foreign exchange rates related to an acquisition made in 2005.  December 31, 2010
BeginningBalance Additions ForeignCurrencyTranslation EndingBalance Americas Region 6,994 6,994 Europe/Africa region 12,940 919 12,021 Asia Pacific Region Total 19,934 919 19,015 December 31, 2009
BeginningBalance Additions ForeignCurrencyTranslation EndingBalance Americas Region 6,994 6,994 Europe/Africa region 11,957 546 437 12,940 Asia Pacific Region Total 18,951 546 437 19,934  7.
INTANGIBLE ASSETS 
Intangible assets consist of the following:  December31 2010 2009 Amortizable intangible assets Product technology 10,501 11,617 Patents 6,523 5,641 Other 7,539 7,937 Total 24,563 25,195 Accumulated amortization 17,359 17,210 Intangible assetsnet 7,204 7,985  43 Table of Contents
Amortization expense was $1,484, $1,387 and $1,021 in 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. The
estimated amortization expense for each of the years 2011 through 2015 and thereafter is as follows:  Years ending December31 Amount 2011 1,306 2012 1,164 2013 996 2014 930 2015 930 Thereafter 1,658 6,984  8.
ACCRUED LIABILITIES 
Accrued liabilities consist of the following:  As of December31 2010 2009 Accrued compensation and benefits 8,303 3,605 Accrued warranties 1,857 1,253 Professional and legal fees 1,000 894 Other accrued liabilities 4,048 2,421 15,208 8,173 Activity related to accrued warranties was as follows: Years ended December31 2010 2009 2008 Beginning Balance 1,253 2,381 1,980 Provision for warranty expense 2,589 1,731 3,212 Warranty expired 1,985 2,859 2,811 Ending Balance 1,857 1,253 2,381  9.
LINE OF CREDIT On
July11, 2006, the Company entered into a loan agreement providing for an available line of credit of $300 million, which was most recently amended on June18, 2009. Loans under the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement, as amended, bear
interest at the rate of LIBOR plus a fixed percentage between 225% and 250% and require the Company to maintain a minimum cash balance and tangible net worth measured at the end of each of the Companys fiscal quarters. As of
December31, 2010, the Company was in compliance with all of the covenants under the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement, as amended. The term of the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement, as amended, extends to March31, 2012. The Company
has not drawn on this line of credit. In January 2010, the Companys subsidiary in China opened a short term line of
credit, expiring on July6, 2010, with the Bank of China for approximately $25 million, which bore interest at 486%. The subsidiary drew approximately $25 million as a temporary loan until the process of approving an additional capital
investment was approved by the Chinese government. The approval was received and the loan was repaid on April19, 2010. 
44 Table of Contents 10.
CAPITAL LEASES Assets
under capital leases were $381 and $366 at December31, 2010 and 2009, respectively. Accumulated depreciation on assets under capital leases was $202 and $134 at December31, 2010 and 2009, respectively. 11.
OTHER INCOME EXPENSE, NET Other income expense, net consists of the following:  Years ended December31 2010 2009 2008 Foreign exchange transaction losses gains 2,814 571 2,345 Other 31 21 50 Total other expense income, net 2,783 592 2,295  12.
INCOME TAXES During
fiscal 2010, the Company decreased its unrecognized tax benefit by $04 million. The decrease was due to tax developments primarily related to U.S. operations, which impacted the Companys valuation of uncertain tax positions. As of
December31, 2010, the Companys gross unrecognized tax benefits totaled $03 million, which includes approximately $003 million of interest and penalties. The Company estimates that the unrecognized tax benefits will not change
significantly within the next year. A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as
follows:  2010 2009 2008 Balance at January1 645 349 510 Additions based on tax positions related to the current year 31 48 Additions for tax positions of prior years 265 Reductions for tax positions of prior years 380 209 Settlements Balance at December31 265 645 349 The Company and its subsidiaries files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state
and foreign jurisdictions. The table below summarizes the open tax years and ongoing tax examinations in major jurisdictions as of December31, 2010:  Jurisdiction
OpenYears
ExaminationinProcess
United States - Federal Income Tax
2005-2010
N/A
United States - various states
2005-2010
N/A
Germany
2004-2010
2004-2007
Switzerland
2005-2010
N/A
Singapore
2006-2010
N/A The Company recognizes
accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in tax expense. The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate is $03 million.FARO does not currently anticipate that
the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will result in material changes to its financial position. The Company is subject to income taxes at the federal, state and foreign country level. The Companys tax returns are subject to
examination at the U.S. federal level from 2005 forward and at the state level subject to a three to five year statute of limitations. 
45 Table of Contents
The United States Internal Revenue Service IRS commenced an examination of the
Companys 2005 to 2007 income tax returns in late 2007. This examination resulted in an assessment of approximately $26 million related to the valuation of certain intangible assets contributed to a foreign subsidiary of the Company under a
RD Cost Sharing Arrangement entered into in 2001. This assessment was paid in January 2010 and included in income tax expense for the year ended December31, 2009. The Company does not expect this assessment will have a prospective impact
on its global effective tax rate. The Company believes that it has provided appropriately for any uncertain tax positions that may arise. The Company is currently under examination in Germany. 
The effective income tax rate for 2010, 2009, and 2008 includes a reduction in the statutory corporate tax rates for the Companys
operations in Switzerland. The favorable tax rate ruling requires the Company to maintain a certain level of manufacturing operations in Switzerland. The aggregate dollar effect of this favorable tax rate was approximately $02 million, or
$001 per share, in the year ended December31, 2010, $12 million, or $007 per share, in the year ended December31, 2009, and $21 million, or $013 per share, in the year ended December31, 2008. 
In 2005, the Company opened a regional headquarters and began to manufacture its products in Singapore. In the third quarter of 2006, the
Company received confirmation of a tax holiday for its operations from the Singapore Economic Development Board for a period of four years commencing January1, 2006 and an additional six year extension at a favorable tax rate subject to
certain terms and conditions including employment, spending, and capital investment. The aggregate dollar effect of this favorable tax rate was approximately $07 million, or $004 per share, during the year ended December31, 2010, $11
million, or $007 per share, in the year ended December31, 2009 and $16 million, or $010 per share, during the year ended December31, 2008. At December31, 2010 and 2009, the Companys domestic entities had deferred income tax assets in the amount of $4,564 and $4,789, respectively. 
At December31, 2010 and 2009, the Companys foreign subsidiaries had deferred income tax assets relating to net operating loss
carry forwards, some of which expire in 5 to 15 years and others which can be carried forward indefinitely, of $14,084 and $12,181, respectively. For financial reporting purposes, a valuation allowance of $11,148 and $10,603, respectively, has been
recognized to offset the deferred tax assets relating to net operating losses. The Company maintains a valuation allowance on net operating losses in jurisdictions for which it does not have a history of earnings over the last three years and where
the Company believes that the deferred tax assets are not more-likely-than-not to be realized based upon two-year projections of taxable income. The Company released a valuation allowance of approximately $12 million related to net operating losses
of a subsidiary in Germany as a result of being included in a group consolidated tax filing with net taxable earnings. The Company had refundable income taxes related to domestic net operating losses of approximately $79 million incurred in the
year ended December31, 2009, which will be carried back to 2005 and 2006 and are recorded in prepaid expenses and other current assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
The Company has not recognized any U.S. tax expense on undistributed international earnings, as it intends to reinvest the earnings
outside the U.S. for the foreseeable future. The Companys net undistributed international earnings were approximately $384 million and $390 million at December31, 2010 and 2009, respectively. 
Significant judgment is required in determining the Companys worldwide provision for income taxes. In the ordinary course of a
global business, there are many transactions for which the ultimate tax outcome is uncertain. The Company reviews its tax contingencies on a regular basis and makes appropriate accruals as necessary. 
46 Table of Contents
Income loss before income taxes consists of the following: Years ended December31 2010 2009 2008 Domestic 4,921 7,239 10,708 Foreign 9,294 2,919 7,652 Income loss before income taxes 14,215 10,158 18,360 The components of the income tax expense are as follows: Years ended December31 2010 2009 2008 Current Federal 1,008 1,369 4,052 State 98 133 393 Foreign 2,633 60 1,818 3,739 1,562 6,263 Deferred Federal 150 1,199 695 State 15 116 67 Foreign 757 671 1,093 592 1,986 1,855 3,147 424 4,408 Income tax expense for the years ended December31, 2010, 2009, and 2008 differs from the amount
computed by applying the federal statutory corporate rate to income before income taxes. The differences are reconciled as follows:  Years ended December31 2010 2009 2008 Tax expense benefit at statutory rate of 35 4,975 3,555 6,426 State income taxes, net of federal benefit 162 239 353 Foreign tax rate difference 1,866 1,977 4,600 Research and development credit 518 123 191 Change in valuation allowance 545 2,486 2,540 IRS settlement 2,628 Equity based compensation 479 828 717 Tax expense related to uncertain tax positions 380 265 Tax exempt interest income 39 707 Other 250 150 130 Total income tax expense 3,147 424 4,408  47 Table of Contents
The components of the Companys net deferred income tax asset are as follows:
December31 2010 2009 Net deferred income tax assetCurrent Intercompany profit in inventory 1,504 2,160 Warranty costs 248 166 Bad debt reserve 112 110 Inventory reserve 655 603 Unearned service revenue 1,787 1,677 Other 149 243 Deferred income tax assetCurrent 4,455 4,473 Valuation Allowance Net deferred income tax assetCurrent 4,455 4,473 Net deferred income tax assetNon-current Depreciation 186 721 Goodwill amortization 1,342 1,175 Product design costs 61 150 Employee stock options 202 42 Unearned service revenue 973 879 Loss carryforwards 14,084 12,181 Deferred income tax assetNon-current 13,670 12,498 Valuation Allowance 11,148 10,603 Net deferred income tax assetNon-current 2,522 1,895 Net deferred income tax liabilityNon-current Intangible assets 1,161 1,143  13.
COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES LeasesThe Company leases buildings and equipment under operating leases through 2019. The following is a schedule of future minimum lease payments required under non-cancelable
operating leases with initial terms in excess of one year, in effect at December31, 2010:  Years ending December31 Amount 2011 5,002 2012 3,859 2013 2,210 2014 1,420 2015 991 Thereafter 2,323 Total future minimum lease payments 15,805 Rent expense for 2010, 2009 and 2008 was approximately $4,044, $4,680 and $4,644, respectively. 
Patent MattersOn July11, 2008, Metris USA, Inc. and its affiliates, Metris N.V., Metris IPR N.V. and 3-D
Scanners Ltd., filed a complaint against the Company for patent infringement in the U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts the Massachusetts Court concerning U.S. Patent Nos. 6,611,617 and 7,313,264 hereinafter, the
patents-in-suit. Following an acquisition by Nikon Corporation in late 2009, Metris USA, Inc. 
48 Table of Contents
subsequently changed its name to Nikon Metrology, Inc., Metris N.V. changed its name to Nikon Metrology NV, and Metris IPR N.V. was dissolved and merged into Nikon Metrology NV. We refer to each
of Nikon Metrology, Inc., Nikon Metrology NV, and 3-D Scanners Ltd. as Plaintiffs or Nikon. The
Company responded to the complaint with counterclaims alleging that the patents-in-suit, which are generally directed to laser scanning devices, are invalid, non-infringed, and unenforceable due to fraud during prosecution of the patents in the U.S.
Patent and Trademark Office. On August31, 2009, the Massachusetts Court granted the Companys motion to add counterclaims and defenses for violation of federal and state antitrust and unfair competition laws based on the alleged knowing
assertion of invalid and fraudulent patents. The Company also filed an amended counterclaim to add the Plaintiffs parent company, Nikon Corporation, as a counterclaim defendant. 
On January29, 2010, the Company filed a motion for summary judgment that the patents-in-suit are unenforceable due to inequitable
conduct during patent prosecution. Evidentiary hearings on the issue of inequitable conduct commenced on July19, 2010, and concluded on October22, 2010. Post-trial briefing concluded on December10, 2010. The Court has not yet
issued a decision. On July14, 2010, the Company filed a motion for summary judgment of non-infringement of both patents-in-suit. No hearing date has been set. In addition, during the first quarter of 2010, Nikon served a supplemental
interrogatory answer revising its alleged date of conception of the patents-in-suit to an earlier date. The Company filed a motion to strike the supplemental interrogatory answer, and the parties are waiting for the hearing date on the motion. On
August31, 2010, Nikon filed a motion for summary judgment against the Companys counterclaims for antitrust violations and unfair trade practices. The Company filed its opposition on October12, 2010. No hearing date has been set for
the motion. No further motions for summary judgment are expected to be filed. A mediation hearing was conducted on February18, 2011 and the Company currently expects the litigation will continue. 
The Company believes that it does not infringe the patents-in-suit and/or that the patents-in-suit are invalid and unenforceable. The
Company does not anticipate this lawsuit will have a material impact on the Company; however, the outcome is difficult to predict, and an adverse determination could have a material impact on the Companys business, financial condition or
results of operations. Other than the litigation mentioned above, the Company is not involved in any other legal proceedings,
other than routine litigation arising in the normal course of business, none of which the Company believes will have a material adverse effect on the Companys business, financial condition or results of operations. 14.
STOCK COMPENSATION PLANS 
The Company has four stock option plans that provide for the granting of stock options to key employees and non-employee members of the
Board of Directors. The 1997 Employee Stock Option Plan 1997 Plan provides for granting incentive stock options and nonqualified stock options to officers and key employees of the Company. The 1997 Non-employee Director Stock Option
Plan provides for granting nonqualified stock options and formula options to non-employee directors. The 2004 Equity Incentive Plan 2004 Plan and the 2009 Equity Incentive Plan 2009 Plan provide for granting options,
restricted stock, restricted stock units or stock appreciation rights to employees and non-employee directors. The Company
was authorized to grant awards for up to 1,400,000 shares of common stock under the 1997 Plan, of which 57,309 options are currently outstanding at exercise prices between $150 and $2740. These options have a 10 year term and vest over a 3-year
period. The Company was also authorized to grant awards for up to 250,000 shares of common stock under the 1997 Non-employee Stock Option Director Plan of which 54,000 options are currently outstanding at exercise prices between $161 and $2156.
The Company was also authorized to grant awards for up to 1,750,000 shares of common stock under the 2004 Plan, of which 780,989 options are currently outstanding at exercise prices between $1250 and $3145, and 10,219 restricted stock units are
outstanding at a stock price of $1304 to $3106. These options and restricted stock units have a 10-year term 
49 Table of Contents
7 years on grants beginning in 2010 and vest over a 3-year period. The Company will not make any further grants under the 1997 Plan, the 1997 Non-employee Stock Option Director Plan or the 2004
Plan. The Company is authorized to grant awards for up to 1,781,546 shares of common stock under the 2009 Plan as well as any shares underlying awards outstanding under the 2004 Plan as of the effective date of the 2009 Plan that thereafter
terminate or expire unexercised or are canceled, forfeited or lapse for any reason. There are 206,561 options currently outstanding under the 2009 Plan at exercise prices between $1704 and $2551. Prior to 2009, upon election to the Board, each
non-employee director was granted 3,400 restricted shares of common stock that vested ratably over three years. On the day following the Annual Meeting of Shareholders, each non-employee director, other than a non-employee director who received the
initial equity grant in that same year, was granted 2,200 restricted shares of common stock that vested ratably over three years. Beginning in 2009, each non-employee director is granted restricted shares of common stock with a value equal to
$70,000, calculated as of the closing share price on the day following the Annual Meeting of Shareholders. The shares of restricted stock vest on the first anniversary of the grant date, subject to a directors continued membership on the
Board. The Company records compensation cost associated with its restricted stock unit grants on a straight-line basis over the vesting term. In addition to the four stock incentive plans, the Company has the 1997 Non-Employee Directors Fee Plan 1997 Fee Plan under which the Company is authorized to issue up to 250,000 shares of common stock
and permits non-employee directors to elect to receive directors fees in the form of common stock rather than cash. Common stock issued in lieu of cash directors fees is issued at the end of the quarter in which the fees are earned, with
the number of shares based on the fair market value of the common stock for the five trading days immediately preceding the last business day of the quarter. The 1997 Fee Plan also permits non-employee directors to irrevocably elect to defer receipt
of all or any portion of the shares of common stock which would otherwise be payable. Compensation costs charged to
operations associated with the Companys stock incentive plans were $2,416, $2,449, and $2,098 in 2010, 2009, and 2008, respectively. The changes in stock option associated compensation cost were due to the vesting of options and the accrual of
expenses relating to the issuance of restricted stock. The Company used the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to determine
the fair value of grants made using the following assumptions:  For the Years Ended December31 2010 2009 2008 Risk-free interest rate 185%and214 138%and144 144-304 Expected dividend yield 0 0 0 Expected option life 4years 4years 4 years Expected volatility 435%and465 483 547%-58 Weighted-average expected volatility 465 483 579
% Historical information was
the primary basis for the selection of the expected dividend yield, expected volatility and the expected lives of the options. The risk-free interest rate was based on yields of U.S. zero coupon issues and U.S. Treasury issues, with a term equal to
the expected life of the option being valued. 
50 Table of Contents
A summary of stock option activity and weighted average exercise prices follows: Options Weighted-AverageExercisePrice  AggregateIntrinsicValue as ofDecember31,2010 Outstanding at January1, 2010 1,030,578 2058 Granted 231,901 2431 Forfeited 87,865 2197 Exercised 75,755 1855 Outstanding at December31, 2010 1,098,859 2137 47 12,606 Options exercisable at December31, 2010 727,211 2124 42 8,433 The weighted-average grant-date fair value of the stock options granted during the years ended
December31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 was $930, $508 and $1399, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised during the years ended December31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 was $07 million, $005 million and $02
million, respectively. The total fair value of stock options using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model vested during the years ended December31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 was $17 million, $17 million and $081 million, respectively. 
The following table summarizes the restricted stock activity and weighted average grant-date fair values for the year ended
December31, 2010:  Shares Weighted-AverageGrant DateFair
Value Non-vested at beginning of period 63,495 1861 Granted 24,186 2662 Forfeited 2,542 2155 Vested 44,826 1849 Non-vested at December 31, 2010 40,313 2353 As of December31, 2010, there was $23 million in total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense
related to non-vested stock-based compensation arrangements. The expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 17 years.  15.
EARNINGS PER SHARE A
reconciliation of the number of common shares used in the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share EPS is presented below:  Years Ended December 31, 2010 December 31, 2009 December 31, 2008 Shares Per-ShareAmount Shares Per-ShareAmount Shares Per-ShareAmount Basic EPS 16,153,831 069 16,125,449 066 16,632,608 084 Effect of dilutive securities 211,995 001 101,795 001 Diluted EPS 16,365,826 068 16,125,449 066 16,734,403 083 The effect of 605,506, 1,030,578, and 509,290 potentially dilutive securities were not included for 2010,
2009 and 2008 respectively, as they were antidilutive. 
51 Table of Contents 16.
EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLAN The Company maintains a 401k defined contribution retirement plan for its eligible U.S. employees. The Company terminated matching contributions on April18, 2009. Costs charged to operations in
connection with the 401k plan during 2009 and 2008 aggregated $291 and $909, respectively.  17.
SEGMENT REPORTING The
Company has three reportable segments based upon geographic regions: Americas, Europe/Africa and Asia Pacific. The Company includes costs related to Corporate in its Americas region. The Company does not incur RD expenses in its Asia region.
The Company develops, manufactures, markets, supports and sells CAD-based quality assurance products integrated with
CAD-based inspection and statistical process control software in each of these regions. These activities represent approximately 99% of consolidated sales. The Company evaluates performance and allocates resources based upon profitable growth and
assets deployed. The following table presents information about the Companys reportable segments: 2010 2009 2008 Americas Region Net sales to external customers 72,383 55,062 78,321 Operating income loss 185 13,353 4,385 Long-lived assets 22,182 21,579 21,366 Capital expenditures 1,864 2,898 7,155 Total assets 140,667 131,477 155,342 Europe/Africa Region Net sales to external customers 74,724 62,968 93,585 Operating income loss 6,362 371 15,009 Long-lived assets 17,212 18,245 18,253 Capital expenditures 2,236 515 2,152 Total assets 83,691 74,126 76,996 Asia Pacific Region Net sales to external customers 44,668 29,673 37,343 Operating income 10,380 2,735 8,313 Long-lived assets 2,065 1,833 2,048 Capital expenditures 653 536 939 Total assets 41,661 30,107 26,976 Totals Net sales to external customers 191,775 147,703 209,249 Operating income loss 16,927 10,989 18,937 Long-lived assets 41,459 41,657 41,667 Capital expenditures 4,753 3,949 10,246 Total assets 266,019 235,710 259,314
The geographical
sales information presented above represents sales to customers located in each respective region, whereas the long-lived assets information represents assets held in the respective regions. There were no customers that individually accounted for
10% or more of total revenue. 
52 Table of Contents 18.
QUARTERLY RESULTS OF OPERATIONS UNAUDITED  Quarter ended
April3,2010 July3,2010 October2,2010 December31,2010 Sales 42,269 45,705 45,286 58,515 Gross profit 25,391 27,088 26,383 34,536 Net income 2,064 1,837 2,328 4,839 Net income per share Basic 013 011 014 030 Diluted 013 011 014 029 Quarter ended
April
4,2009 July 4,2009 October
3,2009 December
31,2009 Sales 31,449 34,516 35,713 46,025 Gross profit 16,260 19,364 19,602 25,482 Net loss 6,585 2,104 1,273 620 Net loss per share Basic 041 013 008 004 Diluted 041 013 008 004
Item 1.
Business. 2 Item 1A.
Risk Factors. 10 Item 1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments. 17 Item 2.
Properties. 17 Item 3.
Legal Proceedings. 17 Item 4.
Removed and Reserved 18 PART II 19 Item 5.
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SECs rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Companys management, including its Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As of the end of the period
covered by this report, the Companys management carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of its Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the Companys disclosure
controls and procedures. Based upon that evaluation, the Companys Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Companys disclosure controls and procedures, as defined by Rule 13a-15e under the Exchange Act,
were effective as of December31, 2010. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
There were no changes in the Companys internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter ended December31,
2010 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Companys internal control over financial reporting. Managements Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal
control over financial reporting is the process designed under the Chief Executive 
53 Table of Contents
Officers and the Chief Financial Officers supervision, and effected by the Companys Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. 
Under the supervision and with the participation of the Companys management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Companys internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2010 as required by Exchange Act Rule 13a-1c. In making this assessment, the
Company used the criteria set forth in the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on the Companys evaluation under the framework in
Internal ControlIntegrated Framework, management concluded that the Companys internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December31, 2010. 
There are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, including the possibility that
misstatements may not be prevented or detected. Accordingly, an effective control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the designed control objectives, and management is required to
apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and
instances of fraud, if any, within the company have been detected. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed
in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Grant Thornton LLP, the independent registered public
accounting firm that audited the Companys consolidated financial statements, has issued an attestation report on the Companys internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2010 which appears below. 
FARO Technologies, Inc. Lake Mary, Florida February25, 2011 
54 Table of Contents
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
Board of Directors and Shareholders FARO
Technologies, Inc. and Subsidiaries We have audited FARO Technologies, Inc. a Florida Corporation and subsidiaries internal control
over financial reporting as of December31, 2010, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO. FARO Technologies, Inc. and
subsidiaries management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Managements
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on FARO Technologies, Inc. and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial
reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the
circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. A companys internal control over financial
reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A
companys internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that 1pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
assets of the company; 2provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of
the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 3provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
companys assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
In our opinion, FARO Technologies, Inc. and subsidiaries maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of
December31, 2010, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by COSO. We also have audited,
in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the consolidated balance sheets of FARO Technologies, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December31, 2010 and 2009, and the related consolidated
statements of operations, shareholders equity and other comprehensive income and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December31, 2010 and our report dated February25, 2011 expressed an unqualified opinion.
/s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP Orlando,
Florida February25, 2011  Item 1.
Business. 2 Item 1A.
Risk Factors. 10 Item 1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments. 17 Item 2.
Properties. 17 Item 3.
Legal Proceedings. 17 Item 4.
Removed and Reserved 18 PART II 19 Item 5.
DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE. The information required by this Item with respect to directors and executive
officers is incorporated herein by reference from the information under the captions Election of Directors and Executive Officers contained in the Companys definitive proxy statement for its 2011 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders, which the Company refers to as the Proxy Statement. The information required by this Item regarding compliance
with Section16a of the Exchange Act appears under the heading Other Matters-Section16a Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on
Form10-K. The information required by this Item with respect to corporate governance and the Companys Code of
Conduct is incorporated herein by reference from the information contained in the Proxy Statement under the heading Corporate Governance and Board Matters.  