ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
The information called for by this Item is contained in a separate section
of this Annual Report. See Index of Financial Statements and Schedule page
F-1.
Item 1A - Risk Factors, Item! 3 - Legal Proceedings, Item! 7 - Management
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and
Item 7A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. The Company maintains a
system of disclosure controls and procedures. The term disclosure controls and
procedures, as defined by regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
the SEC, means controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure
that information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Company files
or submits to the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended the
Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods
specified in the SEC rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures
include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that
information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files
or submits to the SEC under the Act is accumulated and communicated to the
Company management,  including its principal executive officer and its
principal financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, as
appropriate to allow timely decisions to be made regarding required disclosure.
Each of David A. Bowers, the Company Vice Chairman of the Board, President and
Chief Executive Officer, and Darryl R. Halbert, the Company Vice President,
Chief Financial Officer and Controller, have evaluated the Company disclosure
controls and procedures as of December 31, 2005. Based upon their evaluation,
these executive officers have concluded that the Company disclosure controls
and procedures are effective as of the date of such evaluation.
Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. The Company also maintains a
system of internal control over financial reporting. The term internal control
over financial reporting, as defined by regulations of the SEC, means a process
designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company principal executive and
principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and
effected by the Company board of directors, management and other personnel, to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
GAAP, and includes those policies and procedures that   o  Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
assets of the Company.
o  Provide reasonable  assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being
made only in accordance with  authorizations of management and
directors of the Company, and
o  Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection
of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company
assets that could have a material effect on the Company consolidated
financial statements.
As permitted by regulations of the SEC, the Company system of internal control
over financial reporting excludes internal control over financial reporting
related to the Company financial statement schedules required by Article 12 of
Regulation S-X. See the index of financial statements and schedules on page F-1
of this Annual Report.
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 will require the Company to
annually include a management report on internal control over financial
reporting starting with the Company Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ending December 31, 2007. The Company independent registered public accounting
firm will also be required to annually attest to the Company internal control
over financial reporting. In order to achieve compliance with Section 404, the
Company has been documenting, testing and evaluating its internal control over
financial reporting since 2004, using a combination of internal and external
resources. The process of documenting, testing and evaluating the Company
internal control over financial reporting under the applicable guidelines is
complex and time consuming, and available internal and external resources
necessary to assist the Company in the documentation and testing required to
comply with Section 404 are limited. While the Company currently believes it has
dedicated the appropriate resources, that it will be able to fully comply with
Section 404 in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2007 and be in a position to conclude that the Company internal control over
financial reporting is effective as of December 31, 2007, because the applicable
requirements are complex and time consuming, and because currently unforeseen
events or circumstances beyond the Company control could arise, there can be
no assurance that the Company will ultimately be able to fully comply with
Section 404 in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31,
2007 or whether it will be able to conclude that the Company internal control
over financial reporting is effective as of December 31, 2007.
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. There has been no
change to the Company system of internal control over financial reporting
during the quarter ended December 31, 2005 that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company system of internal control
over financial reporting.
Certifications. The Company chief executive officer is required to
annually file a certification with the New York Stock Exchange NYSE,
certifying the Company compliance with the corporate governance listing
standards of the NYSE. During 2005, the Company chief executive officer filed
such annual certification with the NYSE. The 2005 certification was qualified in
that, while the Company had publicly disclosed in its latest proxy statement
that the audit committee chairman presided at meetings of its independent
directors and how its stockholders might communicate directly with the audit
committee chairman, it had not publicly disclosed how other interested parties
could communicate with the presiding director of the non-management directors
and had not established procedures as to who presided at meetings of the
non-management directors. The Company remediated this qualification by amending
its corporate governance guidelines on November 2, 2005 and filing a Current
Report on Form 8-K with the SEC on November 30, 2005 disclosing that the audit
committee chairman presided at meetings of the non-management directors and how
stockholders and other interested parties might communicate with the presiding
director. The Company chief executive officer and chief financial officer are
also required to, among other things, quarterly file a certification with the
SEC regarding the quality of the Company public disclosures, as required by
Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The certifications for the year
ended December 31, 2005 have been filed as exhibits 311 and 312 to this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Item 1A - Risk Factors, Item! 3 - Legal Proceedings, Item! 7 - Management
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and
Item 7A. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to
CompX definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the end of the
fiscal year covered by this report the CompX Proxy Statement.
Item 1A - Risk Factors, Item! 3 - Legal Proceedings, Item! 7 - Management
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and
Item 7A. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the
CompX Proxy Statement.
