Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary DataINDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTSPageReport of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm64Consolidated Balance Sheets65Consolidated Statements of Operations66Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 67Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity68Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows69Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements7063REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRMTo the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Pharmacyclics, Inc.:In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity and cash flows present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Pharmacyclics, Inc. and its subsidiaries the Company at December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2014, the six month period ended December 31, 2012, and the year ended June 30, 2012 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. In addition, in our opinion, the financial statement schedules listed in the accompanying index present fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein when read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2014, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework 2013issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO. The Company management is responsible for these financial statements and financial statement schedules, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, appearing under Item 9Ab. Our responsibility is to express opinions on these financial statements, on the financial statement schedules, and on the Company internal control over financial reporting based on our integrated audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.A companys internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A companys internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that ipertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; iiprovide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and iiiprovide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the companys assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate./s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLPSan Jose, CaliforniaFebruary 18, 201564PHARMACYCLICS, INC.CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETSin thousands, except share and per share amountsDecember 31, 2014December 31, 2013ASSETSCurrent assets:Cash and cash   receivable, net64,29711,044Receivable from collaboration  to  expenses and other current assets20,5719,253Total current  and equipment, net32,47625,471Intangible assets, net8,730Other assets3,3422,479Total  AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITYCurrent liabilities:Accounts payable$7,315$4,026Accrued  to collaboration partner79,7993,388Income taxes payable701,448Deferred revenue - current portion18,7737,581Total current  revenue - non-current portion34,88552,025Other long-term liabilities1,8211,472Total  and contingencies Notes 5 and 12Stockholders equity:Preferred stock, $00001 par value; 1,000,000 shares authorized; none issued and outstandingCommon stock, $00001 par value; 150,000,000 shares authorized at December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, respectively; shares issued and outstanding 75,933,661 and 74,167,169 at December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, respectively 87Additional paid-in  other comprehensive loss88Accumulated  stockholders equity829,165627,623Total liabilities and stockholders equity$1,060,107$768,751The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements65PHARMACYCLICS, INC.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONSin thousands, except per share amountsYears EndedDecember 31,SixMonths EndedDecember 31,Year EndedJune  revenue, net$492,418$13,573$$License and milestone  services   and expenses:Cost of goods sold40,4103,501Research and  Excess Amounts related to Research and development See Note 585,73217,306Research and development,  general and  Excess Amounts related to Selling, general and administrative See Note 530,405819Selling, general and administrative,  of collaboration see Note 5226,004Amortization of intangible assets see Note 8520Total costs and  from  income440341137178Other expense, net374129831Income before income  tax  income  income per  average shares used to compute net income per  accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements66PHARMACYCLICS, INC.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOMEin thousandsYears EndedDecember 31,SixMonths EndedDecember 31,Year EndedJune 30,2014201320122012Net income  in unrealized gain loss on marketable securities4512Comprehensive income, net of  accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements67PHARMACYCLICS, INC.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITYin thousands, except share and per share amountsCommon StockSharesAmountAdditional Paid-in CapitalAccumulated Other Comprehensive LossAccumulated DeficitTotalBalance at June 30,  of common stock upon under employee stock  compensation expense9,8739,873Change in unrealized gain on marketable securities1212Net income11,98611,986Balance at June 30,  of common stock upon under employee stock  compensation expense7,4367,436Change in unrealized gain on marketable securities55Net income117,533117,533Balance at December 31,  of common stock in a public offering at $9420 per share, net of issuance costs  of common stock under employee stock  compensation expense50,39550,395Excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation  in unrealized loss on marketable securities44Net income67,01067,010Balance at December 31,  of common stock under employee stock  compensation expense54,63154,631Excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation arrangements34,87734,877Net income86,12486,124Balance at December 31,  accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements68PHARMACYCLICS, INC.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWSin thousandsYears EndedDecember 31,SixMonths EndedDecember 31,Year EndedJune 30,2014201320122012Cash flows from operating activities:Net income  to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:Depreciation and  of premium on marketable securities, net89Stock-based compensation  tax benefit from stock-based compensation  tax benefit from stock-based compensation arrangements34,87730,033Loss on property and equipment188925Provision for bad debts14Changes in assets and liabilities:Accounts  from collaboration  to  expenses and other    to collaboration partner76,4113,388Income taxes payable1,378591,389Deferred  long-term liabilities34968897277Net cash provided by operating  flows from investing activities:Purchase of property and  of marketable  from sales of marketable securities480Purchase of intangible assets9,250Proceeds from maturities of marketable  cash used in provided by investing  flows from financing activities:Issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs201,023559Proceeds from issuance of common stock under employee stock  tax benefit from stock-based compensation arrangements34,87730,033Net cash provided by financing  in cash and cash  and cash equivalents at beginning of  and cash equivalents at end of  disclosure of cash flow information:Cash paid for income  disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities:Receivable for stock option exercises$36$$368$167Property and equipment purchases included in accounts payable and accrued  accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements69PHARMACYCLICS, INC.NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSNOTE 1 DESCRIPTION OF THE COMPANY AND BASIS OF PRESENTATIONDescription of the CompanyPharmacyclics, Inc. Pharmacyclics or the Company is a biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing innovative small-molecule drugs for the treatment of cancer and immune mediated diseases. Pharmacyclics markets IMBRUVICAibrutinib and has other product candidates in clinical development and several preclinical molecules in lead optimization. IMBRUVICA is a first-in-class, oral, once-daily therapy that inhibits a protein called Bruton tyrosine kinase BTK. IMBRUVICA is being jointly developed and commercialized by Pharmacyclics and Janssen Biotech, Inc. and its affiliates Janssen, one of the Janssen Pharmaceutical companies of Johnson Johnson. IMBRUVICA currently is approved for use in approximately 40countries including the U.S., Canada, and the 28countries within the European Union EU.IMBRUVICA first came to market on November 13, 2013, when it was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA under accelerated approval as a single agent for the treatment of patients with mantle cell lymphoma MCL who have received at least one prior therapy. Improvements in survival or disease symptoms have not been established. On February 12, 2014, the FDA approved IMBRUVICA under accelerated approval as a single agent for the treatment of patients with chronic lymphocytic leukemia CLL who have received at least one prior therapy. On July 28, 2014, IMBRUVICA received regular full FDA approval for IMBRUVICA for the treatment of patients with CLL who have received at least one prior therapy, and for the treatment of CLL patients with deletion of the short arm of chromosome 17 del 17p CLL, including treatment naive and previously treated del 17p patients. On October 17, 2014, the European Commission EC granted marketing approval for IMBRUVICA in the EU for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory MCL, or adult patients with CLL who have received at least one prior therapy, or in first line in the presence of 17p deletion or TP53 mutation in patients unsuitable for chemoimmunotherapy. On January 29, 2015, single-agent IMBRUVICA received regular full FDA approval for patients with Waldenstrm macroglobulinemia WM, and it is approved in all lines of therapy. Change in Fiscal Year EndOn November 14, 2012, the Board of Directors approved a change in the fiscal year end from June 30to December 31, effective December 31, 2012. All references to fiscal years, unless otherwise noted, refer to the twelve-month fiscal year, which prior to July1, 2012, ended on June 30, and beginning on January 1, 2013, ends on December 31, of each year.Basis of presentationThe accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Pharmacyclics, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Pharmacyclics Europe Limited, Pharmacyclics Switzerland GmbH, Pharmacyclics Cayman Ltd. and Pharmacyclics Shanghai Management Consulting Service Limited. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. The U.S. dollar is the functional currency for all of the Company consolidated  prior year balances were reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. None of these reclassifications had an impact on reported financial position or cash flows for any of the periods presented.NOTE 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIESManagement use of estimates and assumptionsThe preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reported period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.Basic and diluted net income per share70Basic net income per share is computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net income per share is computed using the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period increased to include the number of additional shares of common stock that would have been outstanding if the potentially dilutive securities had been issued. Potentially dilutive securities include outstanding stock options, including performance-based stock options and restricted stock units for which performance criteria have been achieved, restricted stock units with time-based vesting and shares to be purchased under the employee stock purchase plan. The dilutive effect of potentially dilutive securities is reflected in diluted net income per common share by application of the treasury stock method. Under the treasury stock method, an increase in the fair market value of the Company common stock can result in a greater dilutive effect from potentially dilutive securities.Cash and cash equivalentsAll highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity date of three months or less that are readily convertible into cash and have an insignificant interest rate risk are considered to be cash equivalents.Marketable securitiesThe Company marketable securities are classified as available-for-sale. The Company includes these investments in current assets and carry them at fair value.Unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities are included in accumulated other comprehensive loss.The amortized cost of debt securities is adjusted for the amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts to maturity.Such amortization is included in interest income.Gains and losses on securities sold are recorded based on the specific identification method and are included in other expense, net in the consolidated statement of operations.Management assesses whether declines in the fair value of marketable securities are other than temporary.If the decline is judged to be other than temporary, the cost basis of the individual security is written down to fair value and the amount of the write down is included in the statement of operations within other expense, net. In determining whether a decline is other than temporary, management considers various factors including the length of time and the extent to which the market value has been less than cost, the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer and the Company intent and ability to retain its investment in the issuer for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value. To date, the Company has not recorded any impairment charges on marketable securities related to other-than-temporary declines in market value.Fair value measurementsThe fair value of the Company financial assets is determined by using three levels of input which are defined as follows:Level 1- Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets. At December31, 2014, the Company Level 1 assets were comprised of money market funds. At December31, 2013, the Company Level 1 assets were comprised of U.S. treasury securities and money market funds.Level 2- Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets, quoted prices in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets.The Company short-term investments primarily utilize broker quotes in markets with infrequent transactions for valuation of these securities. At December31, 2014and December31, 2013, the Company Level 2 assets were comprised of FDIC insured certificates of deposit.Level 3- Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets. At December31, 2014and December31, 2013, the Company did not hold any Level 3 assets. The Company utilizes the market approach to measure fair value for its financial assets.The market approach uses prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets.Fair value of financial instrumentsCash and cash equivalents and marketable securities are carried at fair value. Accounts receivable, net, receivables from collaboration partners, accounts payable and accrued liabilities are valued at their carrying amounts, which approximate fair value due to their short-term nature. As of December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, the Company had no liabilities measured at fair value.Restricted investments71Under one of its facilities lease agreements, the Company is required to maintain a $03 millionletter of credit as security for performance under the lease. The letter of credit is secured by a $03 millioncertificate of deposit which is included in Other assets at December31, 2014and December31, 2013. Accounts Receivable, netAccounts receivable, net represents amounts due to the Company from sales of IMBRUVICA. The Accounts receivable balance is recorded net of allowances which generally include wholesaler chargebacks from third-party payers including government and other programs, cash discounts for prompt payment and doubtful accounts. Estimates for wholesaler chargebacks, cash discounts and prompt payment discounts are based on contractual payment terms and the Company expectations about utilization rates for these programs. The Company estimate of the allowance for doubtful accounts is based on the creditworthiness of its customers, historical payment patterns, the aging of accounts receivable balances and general economic conditions. Accounts receivables balances are written off against the allowance when it is probable that the receivable will not be collected see Note 4. Inventory valuation and related reservesInventories are stated at the lower of cost or market value with the approximate cost being determined on a first-in, first-out basis. Costs capitalized as inventories include third-party manufacturing costs and labor costs for personnel involved in the manufacturing process. During the year ended December 31, 2013, the Company began capitalizing costs associated with manufacturing inventory as a result of the FDA approval for IMBRUVICA. Until September 30, 2013, all inventory costs incurred were recorded as research and development expense in the consolidated statements of operations.Products that have been approved by the FDA or other regulatory agencies, such as IMBRUVICA, are also used in clinical programs to assess the safety and efficacy of the products for usage in diseases that have not been approved by the FDA or other regulatory authorities. The form of IMBRUVICA i.e., raw materials and active pharmaceutical ingredient API utilized for both commercial and clinical programs is identical and, as a result, the inventory has an alternative future use as defined in authoritative guidance. Raw materials and purchased drug product associated with clinical development programs are included in inventory and charged to research and development expense when the product enters the research and development process and can no longer be used for commercial purposes and, therefore, does not have alternative future use.The Company evaluates inventory levels quarterly to determine if the inventory has a cost basis in excess of its expected net realizable value, inventory has expired, inventory on-hand is in excess of expected sales forecasts, and/or inventory that does not meet its quality specifications. The Company raw materials and API has no expiration date and can be revalidated for use after testing. The Company finished goods inventory currently has an estimated life of 24months and, based on the Company sales forecasts, it expects to realize the carrying value of the IMBRUVICA inventory. If any impairment of inventory is identified, the related inventory is written down with a corresponding charge to cost of goods sold in the period that the inventory impairment is first identified. The Company inventory valuation reserve balance was zero as of December31, 2014and December 31, 2013, respectively. Inventories consist of raw materials, work-in-process and finished goods related to the production of IMBRUVICA. Raw materials include IMBRUVICA API. Work-in-process includes third-party manufacturing and associated labor costs relating to the Companys personnel involved in the production process. Included in inventories are raw materials and work-in-process that may be used as clinical products, which are charged to research and development expense when the product enters the research and development process.The components of inventory are as follows in thousands:As of December 31,20142013Raw   to manufacturers72The Company records cash advances that it pays prior to the receipt of inventory as advances to manufacturers in the consolidated balance sheets. The cash advances may be forfeited if the Company terminates the scheduled production. The Company expects the carrying value of the advances to manufacturers to be fully realized.Concentration of credit risk and other risks and uncertaintiesFinancial instruments that potentially subject the Company to credit risk consist principally of cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, accounts receivable, net and receivables from collaboration partners. The Company places its cash and cash equivalents with high-credit quality financial institutions and invests in debt instruments of financial institutions, corporations and government entities with strong credit ratings. The Company management believes it has established guidelines relative to credit quality, diversification and maturities that maintain safety and liquidity. The Company sells IMBRUVICA through a limited number of specialty pharmacies and specialty distributors. Therefore, the Company accounts receivable balance is comprised of amounts due from a small number of customers. The Company continuously monitors the creditworthiness of its customers and has internal policies regarding customer credit limits. The Company policy is to estimate the allowance for doubtful accounts based on the credit worthiness of its customers, historical payment patterns, the aging of accounts receivable balances and general economic conditions. For the year endedDecember31, 2014, four individual customers accounted for 25%, 22%, 19%and 15%of accounts receivable, net, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2013, three individual customers accounted for 26%, 26%, and 16%of accounts receivable, net, respectively.As of December31, 2014, Company had $270 millionreceivable from Janssen, which consisted primarily of a milestone receivable of $200 million, $39 millionrelated to material and product sales and $17 millionrelated to value added taxes see Note 5. As of December31, 2013, the Company receivable from collaboration partner balance of $520 millionwas comprised primarily of $502 milliondue from Janssen under the collaboration agreement. To date, the Company has not experienced credit losses from its receivables from collaborative partners, including Janssen. The amounts receivable from Janssen are included within Receivable from collaboration partners on the consolidated balance sheets. The Company products require approvals from the FDA and international regulatory agencies prior to commercial sales. Although the FDA has approved IMBRUVICA as a single agent for the treatment of patients with mantle cell lymphoma who have received at least one prior therapy, the Company prospects are largely dependent on a successful commercialization of IMBRUVICA in the U.S. to treat patients with MCL who have received at least one prior therapy, b obtaining regulatory approval of, and successfully commercializing, IMBRUVICA outside the U.S. to treat patients with MCL who have received at least one prior therapy, and c obtaining regulatory approval of, and successfully commercializing, IMBRUVICA both in and outside the U.S. to treat other indications. If the Company is unsuccessful in achieving any one or more of these critical business objectives, its ability to generate significant revenue or achieve profitability will be adversely affected and its business may fail. Further, there can be no assurance that the Company other product candidates will receive required approvals. If the Company was denied such approvals or such approvals were delayed, it could have a materially adverse impact on the Company and the execution of its business strategy.The Company has expended and will continue to expend substantial funds for the commercialization, manufacturing, marketing and sales of IMBRUVICA and to complete the research, development and clinical testing of investigational uses of IMBRUVICA and additional products. The Company may be unable to entirely fund these efforts with its current financial resources and may require additional funds to continue to develop and commercialize its products. Additional funds may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. If adequate funds are unavailable on a timely basis from operations or additional sources of financing, the Company may have to delay, reduce the scope of or eliminate one or more of its research or development programs which would materially and adversely affect its business, financial condition and operations.Property and equipmentProperty and equipment are stated at cost. Equipment is depreciated by the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, generally 2to 5years. Furniture and fixtures are depreciated by the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, generally 5years. Leasehold improvements are generally amortized by the straight-line method over the shorter of the life of the related asset or the term of the underlying lease. Assets not yet placed in use are not depreciated. Substantially all of the Company property and equipment is located within the U.S.Long-lived assetsThe Company evaluates long-lived assets including finite-lived intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset group may not be recoverable.In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC ASC 350-10, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, intangible assets with estimable 73useful lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives, and reviewed for impairment in accordance with ASC 360-10, Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets. The Company reviews long-lived assets, such as acquired intangibles and property and equipment, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. The Company measures recoverability of assets to be held and used by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows, the Company recognizes an impairment charge at the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. The Company impairment review requires significant judgment with respect to future revenue and expense growth rates, selection of appropriate discount rate and other assumptions and estimates. No significant impairment losses have been recorded to date with respect to the Company long-lived assets see Note 8.Donations to Third-Party Patient Assistance FoundationsThe Company provides cash and product donations to independent third-party patient assistance foundations that, in turn, make grants to help qualifying patients meet their out-of-pocket costs including co-pay payments or co-insurance obligations in connection with their use of the Company products as well as those of other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. These independent patient assistance foundations maintain their own patient eligibility criteria and independently determine what type of assistance patients may qualify for. Given the non-reciprocal nature of these transactions with parties who are not considered direct or indirect customers, and for which the Company does not receive any consideration, and the fact that the donation of cash does not have any conditions attached to the donation, the Company accounts for the cash donations as a component of selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations.Revenue RecognitionProduct revenue, net is recognized in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ASC 605, Revenue Recognition, when the following criteria have been met: 1 persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, 2delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, 3the price is fixed or determinable and 4collectability is reasonably assured. Revenues are deferred for fees received before earned or until no further obligations exist. We exercise judgment in determining that collectability is reasonably assured or that services have been delivered in accordance with the arrangement. We assess whether the fee is fixed or determinable based on the payment terms associated with the transaction and whether the sales price is subject to refund or adjustment. We assess collectability based primarily on the customer payment history and on the creditworthiness of the customer.Product Revenue, Net Product revenue, net consists of U.S. sales of IMBRUVICA and is recognized once all four revenue recognition criteria described above have been met. The Company sells IMBRUVICA directly to some customers who have in-house dispensing capabilities, specialty pharmacies SP that sell to individual patients, specialty distributors SD that sell to hospital pharmacies and other organizations that the Company has contracted with. The Company recognizes revenue from sales of IMBRUVICA when the products title and risk of loss transfers to the customer. The Company determined that it has the ability to make reasonable estimates of product returns in order to recognize revenue at the time that title and risk of loss transfers to the customer based on the following factors: 1 the Company believes that it has sufficient insight into the distribution channel at the SP and SD in order to ascertain their inventory level and dispense data, 2 due to the price of the Company product and limited patient population, its SP and SD customers have not built up significant levels of inventory, nor does the Company expect they will do so for the foreseeable future, 3 inventory on hand at the Company SP customers was approximately two weeks as of December 31, 2014, 4 there have been no product returns to-date since the Company commercial launch of IMBRUVICA on November 13, 2013 and 5 the Company believes there is limited risk of return of inventory in the channel because there is significant remaining shelf life at the point of sale. The Company recognizes product revenue net of adjustments for customer credits, including estimated government rebates and charge-backs, returns, prompt payment discounts, U.S. Department of Veteran Affairs VA negotiated discounts and administrative service fees related to its patient assistance program which includes co-payment and deductible assistance, and Medicare Part D coverage gap reimbursements. Each of the above adjustments is recorded at the time of revenue recognition, resulting in a reduction in product revenue, net and an increase in accrued expenses or a reduction in accounts receivable, net. The above adjustments require significant estimates, judgment and information obtained from external sources. If management estimates differ from actual results, the Company will record adjustments that would affect product revenue, net in the period of adjustment. Gross-to-net sales adjustmentsRebates74The Company records an allowance for rebates including mandated discounts under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, discounts provided under the TRICARE Retail Pharmacy Refunds Program TRICARE and to members of organizations with whom the Company has contracted with. The allowance for rebates is based upon the Company contractual agreements and/or legal requirements and public sector benefit providers, including Medicaid and TRICARE. For estimated amounts owed to public sector benefit providers, including Medicaid and TRICARE, the allowance for rebates is based on the estimated rebate percentage of forecasted eligible sales. The estimated rebate percentage is based on statutory discount rates and expected utilization. The forecasted eligible Medicaid and TRICARE sales represent those sales made by the Company that will ultimately be consumed by patients covered by Medicaid and TRICARE. To estimate the allowance for rebates, the Company uses the estimated patient mix information which is provided by its SP customers, as well as third party sources. For organizations that the Company has contracted with, the rebate is based upon contracted volume discount amounts. In addition, the Company incurs administrative fees in exchange for administrative services provided that are also accrued at the time of sale. Rebates for public sector benefit providers and organizational discounts are generally invoiced and paid in arrears. As such, the allowance for rebates consists of an estimate of the amount expected to be incurred for the current quarter shipments to patients, plus an accrual balance for estimated unpaid rebates from prior periods. The allowance for rebates is recorded within accrued liabilities in the consolidated balance  are discounts that result from the difference between the prices at which the Company makes IMBRUVICA available to wholesalers for purchase by discount customers under pricing agreements the Company has with the discount customers and the sales price paid to the Company by the wholesalers who service the discount customers. Such discount customers, which primarily consist of the U.S. Department of Defense DOD, VA, Public Health Services PHS, and other Federal Government institutions, purchase products through wholesalers at a lower price provided for in pricing contracts and the wholesalers then charge the Company the difference between the wholesale acquisition cost and the lower price paid by the discount customer. These reductions are settled through charge-backs from the Company wholesalers. Charge-backs are recorded as a reduction to accounts receivable, net in the consolidated balance sheets.Product ReturnsConsistent with industry practice, the Company generally offers its customers a limited right to return. The Company generally allows for the return of product that is a few months prior to and up to a few months after the product expiration date. Additionally, the Company considers several other factors in the estimation process including the expiration dates of product shipped, third party data in monitoring channel inventory levels, shelf life of the product, prescription trends and other relevant factors. Provisions for estimated product returns are recorded within accrued liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. Medicare Part D coverage gapMedicare Part D, also known as the Medicare prescription drug benefit, is a federal program to subsidize the costs of prescription drugs for Medicare beneficiaries in the United States. The Medicare Part D prescription drug benefit mandates that drug manufacturers fund 50% of the Medicare Part D insurance coverage gap for prescription drugs sold to eligible patients. Funding of the Medicare Part D gap is invoiced and paid in arrears. As such, the allowance for Medicare Part D consists of an estimate of the amount expected to be incurred for the current quarter shipments to patients, plus an accrual balance for estimated shipments remaining in the channel at period end which are estimated to ship to Medicare Part D patients. The allowance for rebates is recorded within accrued liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. Prompt payment discountsThe Company generally offers cash discounts to its customers, generally a 2%discount applied to the invoice amount, as an incentive for prompt payment. The Company expects that all of its customers to whom it offers cash discounts for prompt payment to take advantage of the full amount of the 2%discount. The Company records the prompt-payment discount as a reduction to accounts receivable, net in the consolidated balance sheets. Co-payment assistancePatients who have commercial insurance and meet certain eligibility requirements may receive co-payment assistance. The Company accrues for co-payment assistance based on actual program participation and estimates of program redemption using data provided by third-party administrators. The allowance for co-payment assistance is recorded within accrued liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets.Collaboration Revenues75Revenue under the Company license and collaboration arrangements is recognized based on the performance requirements of the contract. Determinations of whether persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists and whether delivery has occurred or services have been rendered are based on managements judgments regarding the fixed nature of the fees charged for deliverables and the collectability of those fees. Should changes in conditions cause management to determine that these criteria are not met for any new or modified transactions, revenue recognized could be adversely affected.The Company recognizes revenue related to collaboration and license arrangements in accordance with the provisions of Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, Accounting Standards Codification, or ASC, Topic 605-25, Revenue Recognition Multiple-Element Arrangements, or ASC Topic 605-25. Additionally, the Company adopted, effective July 1, 2010, Accounting Standards Update, or ASU, No. 2009-13, Multiple Deliverable Revenue Arrangements, or ASU 2009-13, which amended ASC Topic 605-25 and:provided guidance on how deliverables in an arrangement should be separated and how the arrangement consideration should be allocated to the separate units of accounting;required an entity to determine the selling price of a separate deliverable using a hierarchy of i vendor-specific objective evidence, or VSOE, ii third-party evidence, or TPE, or iii best estimate of selling price, or BESP; andrequired the allocation of the arrangement consideration, at the inception of the arrangement, to the separate units of accounting based on relative fair value.The Company evaluates all deliverables within an arrangement to determine whether or not they provide value on a stand-alone basis. Based on this evaluation, the deliverables are separated into units of accounting. The arrangement consideration that is fixed or determinable at the inception of the arrangement is allocated to the separate units of accounting based on their relative selling prices. The Company may exercise significant judgment in determining whether a deliverable is a separate unit of accounting, as well as in estimating the selling prices of such unit of accounting.To determine the selling price of a separate deliverable, the Company uses the hierarchy as prescribed in ASC Topic 605-25 based on VSOE, TPE or BESP. VSOE is based on the price charged when the element is sold separately and is the price actually charged for that deliverable. TPE is determined based on third-party evidence for a similar deliverable when sold separately and BESP is the price at which the Company would transact a sale if the elements of collaboration and license arrangements were sold on a stand-alone basis. The Company may not be able to establish VSOE or TPE for the deliverables within collaboration and license arrangements, as the Company does not have a history of entering into such arrangements or selling the individual deliverables within such arrangements separately. In addition, there may be significant differentiation in these arrangements, which indicates that comparable third-party pricing may not be available. The Company may determine that the selling price for the deliverables within collaboration and license arrangements should be determined using BESP. The process for determining BESP involves significant judgment on the Company part and includes consideration of multiple factors such as estimated direct expenses and other costs, and available data.For collaborations entered into after July 1, 2010, the Company has determined its best estimate of selling prices for the license unit of accounting based on the income approach as defined in ASC 820-10-35-32. This measurement is based on the value indicated by current estimates about those future amounts and reflects management determined estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions include, but are not limited to, how a market participant would use the license, estimated market opportunity and expected market share and assumed royalty rates that would be paid for sales resulting from products developed using the license, similar arrangements entered into by third parties and entity-specific factors such as the terms of the Company previous collaborative agreement, the Company pricing practices and pricing objectives, the likelihood that clinical trials will be successful, the likelihood that regulatory approval will be received and that the products will become commercialized and the markets served. The Company has also determined BESP for services-related deliverables based on the nature of the services to be performed and estimates of the associated effort as well as estimated market rates for similar services.For each unit of accounting identified within an arrangement, the Company determines the period over which the performance obligation occurs. Revenue is then recognized using either a proportional performance or straight-line method. The Company recognizes revenue using the proportional performance method when the level of effort to complete our performance obligations under an arrangement can be reasonably estimated. Direct labor hours or full time equivalents are typically used as the measurement of performance.Effective July 1, 2010, the Company adopted ASU No. 2010-17, Milestone Method of Revenue Recognition, or ASU 2010-17, which provides guidance on revenue recognition using the milestone method. Under the milestone method, a payment that is contingent upon the achievement of a substantive milestone is recognized in the period in which the milestone is achieved. The determination that a milestone is substantive is subject to considerable judgment76Cost of goods soldCost of goods sold includes third-party manufacturing costs of products sold, fixed manufacturing overhead, royalty fees, and other indirect costs such as personnel compensation. During the fiscal year 2013, the Company began capitalizing costs associated with manufacturing inventory as a result of the FDA approval of IMBRUVICA for MCL on November 13, 2013. Until September 30, 2013, all inventory costs incurred were recorded as research and development expense in the consolidated statements of operations. This zero cost inventory primarily consisted of raw materials for which the shelf-life has not yet started. Research and development expenseResearch and development expenses include personnel and facility-related expenses, outside contracted services including clinical trial costs, manufacturing and process development costs, research costs and other consulting services. Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Nonrefundable advance payments for goods or services that will be used or rendered for future research and development activities are deferred and amortized over the period that the goods are delivered or the related services are performed, subject to an assessment of recoverability.Clinical development costs are a significant component of research and development expenses. The Company has a history of contracting with third parties that perform various clinical trial activities on its behalf in the ongoing development of its product candidates. The financial terms of these contracts are subject to negotiations and may vary from contract to contract and may result in uneven payment flow. The Company accrues and expenses costs for clinical trial activities performed by third parties based upon estimates of the percentage of work completed over the life of the individual study in accordance with agreements established with contract research organizations and clinical trial sites. The Company determines its estimates through discussions with internal clinical personnel and outside service providers as to the progress or stage of completion of trials or services and the agreed upon fee to be paid for such services.The Company worldwide collaboration and license agreement with Janssen the Agreement includes a cost sharing arrangement for certain collaboration activities. Except in certain cases, in general Janssen is responsible for approximately 60%of collaboration development costs and the Company is responsible for the remaining 40%of collaboration development costs. Further, the Agreement provides the Company with a $500 millionannual cap of its share of collaboration costs and pre-tax commercialization losses for each calendar year until after the third profitable calendar quarter for the product and any amounts in excess of the annual cap Excess Amounts are funded by Janssen. Under the Agreement, total Excess Amounts plus interest may not exceed $2250 million. The Company policy is to account for cost-sharing payments to Janssen related to development services as a component of research and development expense and reimbursements for development services under the cost-sharing arrangement as an offset to research and development expense, upon delivery of the related services when expenses have been incurred and reimbursements have been earned. During the year endedDecember31, 2013and the six months endedDecember 31, 2012, the Company recognized Excess Amounts related to development services as a reduction to research and development expenses. The Company recognizes Excess Amounts as a reduction to Costs and expenses as the Company payment of Excess Amounts to Janssen is contingent and would become payable only after the third profitable calendar quarter for the product. Further, Excess Amounts shall be reimbursable only from the Company share of pre-tax profits after the third profitable calendar quarter for the product see Note 5.Selling, general and administrative expenseThe Company expenses the cost of selling, general and administrative activities as incurred. Selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel and facility-related expenses, outside contracted services and other costs not associated with the research and development activities of the Company. In connection with the Agreement, the Company also classifies certain commercial-related collaboration costs within Selling, general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of operations. Costs under the Agreement that are recorded within selling, general and administrative expense are generally shared 50%by the Company and 50%by Janssen and include marketing costs, patent costs and the Company share of pre-tax commercial losses on sales of IMBRUVICA. During the year endedDecember31, 2013and the six months endedDecember 31, 2012, the Company recognized Excess Amounts related to certain collaboration costs as a reduction to selling, general and administrative expenses see Note 5. Income taxesThe Company is subject to income taxes in both the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions, and it uses estimates in determining its provisions for income taxes. The Company provides for income taxes using the asset and liability method, whereby deferred 77tax assets or liability account balances are calculated at the balance sheet date using current tax laws and rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Recognition of deferred tax assets is appropriate when realization of such assets is more likely than not. The Company recognizes a valuation allowance against its net deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that some portion of the deferred tax assets will not be fully realizable. This assessment requires judgment as to the likelihood and amounts of future taxable income by tax jurisdiction.The Company applies the provisions of FASB guidance on accounting for uncertainty in income taxes. The Company assesses all material positions taken in any income tax return, including all significant uncertain positions, in all tax years that are still subject to assessment or challenge by relevant taxing authorities. Assessing an uncertain tax position begins with the initial determination of the positions sustainability and the tax benefit to be recognized is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. As of each balance sheet date, unresolved uncertain tax positions must be reassessed, and the Company will determine whether i the factors underlying the sustainability assertion have changed and ii the amount of the recognized tax benefit is still appropriate. The recognition and measurement of tax benefits requires significant judgment. Judgments concerning the recognition and measurement of a tax benefit might change as new information becomes available.Stock-based compensationStock-based compensation cost for employee and director stock options with time-based vesting and employee stock plan purchase rights is generally measured and recognized based on the fair value of the award at the grant date. Stock-based compensation cost for restricted stock units RSUs with time-based vesting is measured based on the closing fair market value of the Company common stock on the date of the grant, multiplied by the number of RSUs granted. The accounting grant date for employee stock options and restricted stock units with performance obligations is the date on which the performance goals have been defined and a mutual understanding of the terms has been reached.Generally, the Company time-based stock option and RSU grants vest over a fouryear period. Stock options and RSUs with performance obligations generally vest over a four year period, with the goals set and agreed upon annually. Stock-based compensation for non-employee stock options is re-estimated at each period-end through the vesting date. The Company estimates a forfeiture rate to calculate the stock-based compensation cost for its awards primarily based on an analysis of its historical pre-vesting forfeitures.The fair value of each stock option is estimated using the Black Scholes option-pricing model. Expected volatility is based on historical volatility data of the Company stock. The expected term of stock options granted represents the period of time that stock options are expected to be outstanding.The Company generally does not expect substantially different exercise or post-vesting termination behavior among its employee or non-employee population. As such, for the majority of stock options granted and the Company Employee Stock Purchase Plan, the Company generally calculates and applies an overall expected term assumption based on historical data.In certain cases, the Company uses a shorter expected term for performance-based stock options based on a combination of historical data and management estimates of the period of time that options will be outstanding. The risk-free interest rate is based on a zero-coupon U.S. Treasury bond whose maturity period equals the expected term of the Company options.Options and RSUs vest upon the passage of time or a combination of time and the achievement of certain performance obligations.Vesting of performance-based options and RSUs for executive officers depends on their attainment of key corporate and departmental goals. The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors will determine if the performance conditions have been met.Stock-based compensation expense for the options and RSUs with performance obligations is recorded when the Company believes that the vesting of these options and RSUs is probable.Shipping and handling costsShipping and handling costs incurred for inventory purchases and product shipments are recorded in Selling, general and administrative, net in the consolidated statements of income. Shipping and handling costs were not material for the years ended December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013.Advertising expensesThe Company expenses the costs of advertising, including promotional expenses, as incurred. The Company began incurring advertising expenses during the year ended December 31,2014due to the commercialization of IMBRUVICA on November 13, 2013. Advertising expenses were $44 millionfor the year ended December 31, 2014 and $03 millionfor the year ended December 31,2013.Segment reporting78Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise that engage in business activities for which separate financial information is available and evaluated by the chief operating decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources and assessing performance. The Companys chief operating decision maker is its Chief Executive Officer CEO. The Company operates as a single reportable segment, which primarily focuses on developing and commercializing novel therapies for the treatment of cancer and immune-mediated diseases. Product revenue, net is attributed to geography based upon the country in which the product is delivered. Long-lived assets are attributed to geography based on the country where the assets are located. Recent Accounting PronouncementsIn April 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-08, Presentation of Financial Statements Topic 205 and Property, Plant, and Equipment Topic 360: Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity, or ASU 2014-08. Under ASU 2014-08, only disposals representing a strategic shift in operations should be presented as discontinued operations. Those strategic shifts should have a major effect on the organizations operations and financial results. Additionally, ASU 2014-08 requires expanded disclosures about discontinued operations that will provide financial statement users with more information about the assets, liabilities, income, and expenses of discontinued operations. ASU 2014-08 is effective for fiscal and interim periods beginning on or after December 15, 2014, with early adoption permitted. The Company will adopt the provisions of ASU 2014-08 beginning with the Companys fiscal 2015.In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers Topic 606, which provides guidance for revenue recognition. This ASU will supersede the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605, Revenue Recognition, and most industry-specific guidance. The standards core principle is that a company will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In doing so, companies will need to use more judgment and make more estimates than under todays guidance. These may include identifying performance obligations in the contract, estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. This standard is effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December15, 2016. Early adoption is not permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this accounting standard on its consolidated financial statements. In June 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-12, Accounting for Stock-based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period. ASU 2014-12 requires that a performance target that affects vesting and could be achieved after the requisite service period be treated as a performance condition. This new guidance is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those years beginning after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is permitted. This standard is not expected to have any impact on current disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15, Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern, which requires management to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entitys ability to continue as a going concern and provide related footnote disclosures. ASU 2014-15 is effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning on or after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted for financial statements that have not been previously issued. The standard allows for either a full retrospective or modified retrospective transition method. The Company does not expect this standard to have a any impact on the Companys consolidated financial statements upon adoption.In November 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-17, Business Combinations Topic 805: Pushdown Accounting a consensus of the FASB Emerging Issues Task Force. ASU 2014-17 provides an acquired entity with an option to apply pushdown accounting in its separate financial statements upon occurrence of an event in which an acquirer obtains control of the acquired entity. An acquired entity may elect the option to apply pushdown accounting in the reporting period in which the change-in-control event occurs. This new standard is effective on November 18, 2014. Early application is prohibited. After the effective date, an acquired entity can make an election to apply the guidance to future change-in-control events or to its most recent change-in-control event. However, if the financial statements for the period in which the most recent change-in-control event occurred already have been issued or made available to be issued, the application of this guidance would be a change in accounting principle. The Company has adopted this new guidance and there no impact on its consolidated financial statements.NOTE 3 PRODUCT REVENUE, NETProduct revenue, net consists of revenue recorded on the sale of IMBRUVICA which was approved by the FDA and commercially launched by the Company on November 13, 2013 for MCL. All product revenue, net for the years endedDecember31, 2014and December31, 2013was from sales to U.S. customers. 79The Company recorded no product revenue, net for the six months endedDecember 31, 2012and the year ended June 30,2012as these periods were prior to FDA approval for IMBRUVICA. For the years ended December31, 2014and December31, 2013, product revenue, net was calculated as follows in thousands:Years Ended December 31,20142013Product revenue,  rebates, return reserve and  and cash discounts26,223371Product revenue, net$492,418$13,573The following table summarizes the provisions, and credits/payments, for product revenue, net adjustments for the years ended December31, 2014and December31, 2013in thousands:Total2013Beginning Balance$Provision related to current period  Balance$1,2062014Beginning Balance$1,206Provision related to current period  Balance$26,735The following table sets forth customers who represented 10%or more of the Company product revenue, net for the years ended December31, 2014and December31, 2013. Years Ended December  4 ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE, NETAccounts receivable, net includes in thousands:As of December 31,20142013Accounts receivable, gross$72,921$11,345Allowance for doubtful accounts14Allowance for chargebacks related to government and other programs 7,10572Allowance for cash discounts1,505229Accounts receivable, net$64,297$11,044NOTE 5  COLLABORATIONS AND OTHER AGREEMENTSThe Company recognized revenue related to its collaboration and license arrangements as follows in thousands:Years EndedDecember 31,SixMonths EndedDecember 31,Year EndedJune  Laboratoires Servier Servier139159937,157Novo Nordisk A/S Novo  Collaboration and License Agreement with Janssen Biotech, Inc.BackgroundIn December 2011, the Company entered into a worldwide collaboration and license agreement the Agreement with Janssen for the joint development and commercialization of IMBRUVICA, a novel, orally active, selective covalent inhibitor of Brutons Tyrosine Kinase BTK, and certain compounds structurally related to IMBRUVICA, for oncology and other indications, excluding all immune and inflammatory mediated diseases or conditions and all psychiatric or psychological diseases or conditions, in the U.S. and outside the U.S.The collaboration provides Janssen with an exclusive license to exploit the underlying technology outside of the U.S. the License Territory and co-exclusively with Pharmacyclics in the U.S. Both parties are responsible for the development, manufacturing and marketing of any products resulting from the Agreement. The Company continues to work with Janssen on protocols and the design, schedules and timing of trials.The collaboration has no fixed duration or expiration date and provided for payments by Janssen to the Company of a $1500 millionnon-refundable upfront payment upon execution, as well as potential future milestone payments of up to $8250 million, based upon continued development progress $2500 million, regulatory progress $2250 million and approval of the product in both the U.S. and the License Territory $3500 million. As of December 31, 2014, $6050 millionin milestone payments had been earned by the Company under the Agreement and it may receive up to an additional $2200 millionin development, regulatory and approval milestone payments. However, clinical developments entails risks and the Company has no assurance as to whether or when the milestone targets might be achieved.The development, regulatory and approval milestones represents non-refundable amounts that would be paid by Janssen to the Company if certain milestones are achieved in the future. The Company has elected to apply the guidance in ASC 605-28 to the milestones. These milestones, if achieved, are substantive as they relate solely to past performance, are commensurate with estimated enhancement of value associated with the achievement of each milestone as a result of the Company performance, 81which are reasonable relative to the other deliverables and terms of the arrangement, and are unrelated to the delivery of any further elements under the arrangement.The Agreement includes a cost sharing arrangement for associated collaboration activities. Except in certain cases, in general, Janssen is responsible for approximately 60%of collaboration development costs and the Company is responsible for the remaining 40%of collaboration development costs. Generally, costs associated with commercialization will be included in determining pre-tax commercial profits or pre-tax commercial losses, which are to be shared 50%by the Company and 50%by Janssen.The collaboration with Janssen provides the Company with an annual cap of its share of IMBRUVICA related research and development and commercial-related expenses, offset by pre-tax commercial profits for each calendar year. In the event that the Company share of aggregate development costs in any given calendar year, together with any other amounts that become due from the Company, plus the Company share of pre-tax commercial losses for any calendar quarter in such calendar year, less the Company share of pre-tax commercial profits for any calendar quarter in such calendar year, exceeds $500 million, then Excess Amounts are funded by Janssen. Under the Agreement, total Excess Amounts plus interest may not exceed $2250 millionat any given time. Interest shall be accrued on the outstanding balance with interest calculated at the average annual European Interbank Offered Rate EURIBOR for the EURO or average annual London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR for U.S. Dollars as reported in the Wall Street Journal, plus 2%, calculated on the number of days from the date on which the Company payment would be due to Janssen. The interest rate on outstanding Excess Amounts shall not exceed 5%per annum, and the cumulative interest on Excess Amounts shall not in the aggregate exceed $250 million.In the event the Excess Amounts plus interest reaches a maximum of $2250 million, the Company shall be responsible for its share of development costs, together with any other amounts that become due from the Company, plus its share of any pre-tax commercial loss beyond such maximum. For all calendar quarters following the Company third profitable calendar quarter for the collaboration, as determined in the Agreement, the Company can no longer add to Excess Amounts and shall be responsible for its own share of development costs along with its share of pre-tax commercial losses incurred in such quarters. Janssen may only recoup the Excess Amounts, together with interest from the Company share of pre-tax commercial profits in calendar quarters subsequent to its third profitable calendar quarter for the collaboration until the Excess Amounts and applicable interest has been fully paid. As per the Agreement, a profitable quarter shall mean a full calendar quarter beginning after the first commercial sale of IMBRUVICA in which the combined pre-tax profit or loss for the U.S. and the License Territory is positive and exceeds the development costs for such calendar quarter.The Company recognizes Excess Amounts as a reduction to costs and expenses as the Company payment of Excess Amounts to Janssen is contingent and would become payable from the Company share of pre-tax commercial profits only after the third profitable calendar quarter for the collaboration. As of December 31, 2014, total Excess Amounts were $1383 million, which was comprised of the cumulative amount funded by Janssen to date of $1343 millionand interest of $40 million. As of December 31, 2014, the Company has achieved two profitable quarters for the collaboration.The Agreement also provides that any net profits from the commercialization of products resulting from the collaboration will be shared 50%by the Company and 50%by Janssen. Janssen has sole responsibility and exclusive rights to commercialize the products in the License Territory. The parties hold joint responsibility and co-exclusive rights to commercialize the products in the U.S., and Pharmacyclics will serve as the lead party in such effort. Janssen is commercializing IMBRUVICA outside the U.S.In accordance with ASU No. 2009-13 and as incorporated into ASC Topic 605-25, the Company identified all of the deliverables at the inception of the Agreement. The significant deliverables were determined to be the license, committee services, development services and commercialization services. The commercialization services represent a contingent deliverable for which there is not a significant incremental discount.The Company has determined that the license represents a separate unit of accounting as the license, which includes rights to the underlying technologies for IMBRUVICA, has standalone value apart from the committee and development services because the development, manufacturing and commercialization rights conveyed would permit Janssen to perform all efforts necessary to bring the compound to commercialization and begin selling the drug upon regulatory approval. The Company has also determined that the committee and development services each represent individual units of accounting as they have standalone value from each other.The Company has determined its best estimate of selling prices for the license unit of accounting based on the income approach as defined in ASC 820-10-35-32. This measurement is based on the value indicated by current estimates about those future amounts and reflects management determined estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions include, but are not limitedto, how a market participant would use the license, estimated market opportunity and expected market share and assumed royalty rates that would be paid for sales resulting from products 82developed using the license, similar arrangements entered into by third parties and entity-specific factors such as the terms of the Company previous collaborative agreement, the Company pricing practices and pricing objectives, the likelihood that clinical trials will be successful, the likelihood that regulatory approval will be received and that the products will become commercialized and the markets served. These estimates and assumptions led to an expected future cash flow which was discounted based on estimated weighted average cost of capital of 12%and royalty rates ranging from 30%to 40%. The Company has also determined its best estimate of selling prices for the committee and development services, based on the nature of the services to be performed and estimates of the associated effort as well as estimated market rates for similar services. The arrangement consideration of $1500 millionwas allocated to the units of accounting based on the relative selling price method.Of the $1500 millionupfront payment received, $706 millionwas allocated to the licenses, $150 millionto the committee services and $644 millionto the development services. The Company has recognized license revenue upon execution of the arrangement as the associated unit of accounting had been delivered pursuant to the terms of the Agreement. Since inception, the $150 millionand $644 millionallocated to committee and development services, respectively, is being recognized as revenue as the related services are provided over the estimated service periods of 17years and 9years, which are equivalent to the estimated remaining life of the underlying technology and the estimated remaining development period, respectively. Janssen Collaboration RevenueTotal revenue recognized with respect to the Agreement consisted of the following in thousands:Years EndedDecember 31,SixMonths EndedDecember 31,Year EndedJune 30,2014201320122012License and milestone  services  the year ended December 31, 2014, total collaboration services revenue from Janssen included $42 millionof net income from the sale of the Company product to Janssen. As of December31, 2014, total deferred revenue related to committee and development services under the Agreement with Janssen was $465 million, of which $349 millionwas included in deferred revenue non-current portion.License and milestone revenue recognized with respect to the Agreement with Janssen consisted of the following in thousands:Years EndedDecember 31,SixMonths EndedDecember 31,Year EndedJune 30,2014201320122012License revenue 70,605Approval milestone  milestone  milestone  Collaboration Cost Sharing and Excess AmountsThe Company recognized development costs under the collaboration as a component of Research and development expense, net in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company also recognized certain selling, general and administrative expenses under the collaboration, including marketing costs, patent costs and the Company share of pre-tax commercial losses on sales of IMBRUVICA outside of the U.S. as a component of Selling, general and administrative, net in the consolidated statements of operations. Expenses which were charged to the collaboration are as follows in thousands: 83Years EndedDecember 31,SixMonths EndedDecember 31,Year EndedJune  expenses,  decrease for cost   and development,  expenses,  decrease for cost  Amounts30,405819Selling, general and administrative,  the Agreement, Excess Amounts would become payable only after the third profitable quarter for the collaboration from the Company share of pre-tax commercial profits, commencing in the fourth quarter of profitability under the Agreement until the Excess Amounts and applicable interest has been fully paid. The quarters ended September 30, 2014 and December 31, 2014 represented the first and second profitable quarters for the collaboration, respectively. The Company net profit loss under the Agreement for its first and second profitable quarters for the collaboration was calculated as follows in thousands:Years EndedDecember 31,SixMonths EndedDecember 31,Year EndedJune 30,201420132012201250% of Pharmacyclics' U.S. product revenue, net$246,209 Less: 50% of Pharmacyclics' U.S. cost of goods sold20,205Pharmacyclics' 50% share of U.S. net product revenue, less cost of goods sold226,004Less: Pharmacyclics' share of U.S. commercial expenses under the  share of U.S. pre-tax profits from the commercialization of IMBRUVICA under the  Pharmacyclics' share of outside-U.S. pre-tax commercial loss under the  share of worldwide pre-tax profits from the commercialization of IMBRUVICA under the  Pharmacyclics' share of world-wide research and development expenses under the  share of IMBRUVICA related pre-tax net profit under the  the year ended December 31, 2013, Janssen 50% share of U.S. product revenue, net less cost of goods sold of IMBRUVICA of $50 millionwas fully absorbed by Excess Amounts funded by Janssen that were recorded as a reduction to selling, general and administrative, net. For the year ended December 31, 2014, the Company determined Janssen 50% share of U.S. net product revenue less cost of goods sold of IMBRUVICA, which was included in costs of collaboration in the Company consolidated statement of operations as follows in thousands:84Year EndedDecember 31,2014Product revenue, net$492,418Less: Cost of goods sold40,410452,008Janssen share of U.S. pre-tax commercial profits50%Total costs of collaboration Janssen 50% share under the  50% share of U.S. net product revenue less cost of goods sold$226,004Under the Agreement, the Company recorded Excess Amounts as follows:Years EndedDecember 31,SixMonths EndedDecember 31,Year EndedJune 30,2014201320122012Research and  and administrative30,405819Total Excess Amounts$$116,137$18,125$As of December 31, 2014, the Company had $270 millionreceivable from Janssen, which consisted primarily of a milestone of $200 million, $39 millionrelated to material and product sales and $17 millionrelated to value added taxes. As of December31, 2013, the Company receivable from collaboration partner balance of $520 millionwas comprised primarily of $502 milliondue from Janssen under the collaboration agreement. The receivable from Janssen is included within Receivable from collaboration partners on the consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2014, the Company had $798 millionpayable to Janssen, of which $767 millionwas related to Janssen share of pre-tax commercial profits, $28 millionwas related to cost-sharing under the Agreement and $03 millionwas related to value added taxes.As of December 31, 2014, total Excess Amounts of $1383 millionwhich comprises the cumulative amount funded by Janssen to-date of $1343 millionand interest of $40 million would become payable once the Company reaches a third profitable calendar quarter for the product. Further, Excess Amounts shall be reimbursable only from the Company share of pre-tax profits after the third profitable calendar quarter for the product. Collaboration and License Agreement with ServierIn April 2009, the Company entered into a collaboration and license agreement with Servier to research, develop and commercialize abexinostat PCI-24781, an orally active, novel, small molecule inhibitor of pan-HDAC enzymes. Under the terms of the agreement, Servier acquired the exclusive right to develop and commercialize the pan-HDAC inhibitor product worldwide except for the U.S. The Company and Servier terminated the collaboration and license agreement effective November 23, 2014. Upon the termination of the alliance, Serviers rights to ex-U.S. development and commercialization of the Company pan-HDAC inhibitor compounds will be returned to the Company, giving the Company full global development and commercialization rights. As of December 31, 2014, the Company estimated costs associated with the termination of the Servier agreement of $08 millionwas recorded within accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. Total revenue recognized with respect to the Company collaboration and license agreement with Servier consisted of the following in thousands:85Years EndedDecember 31,SixMonths EndedDecember 31,Year EndedJune 30,2014201320122012License and milestone revenue 7,000Collaboration services  Agreement with Novo Nordisk A/SIn October 2012, the Company entered into a license agreement with Novo Nordisk A/S Novo Nordisk. Under the terms of the agreement, Novo Nordisk acquired the exclusive worldwide rights for the Company small molecule Factor VIIa inhibitor, PCI-27483, as an excipient in a product containing a Novo Nordisk active pharmaceutical ingredient for a restricted disease indication outside of oncology. Novo Nordisk will utilize PCI-27483 as an excipient in a product within Novo Nordisk biopharmaceutical unit. Novo Nordisk is solely responsible for all further research and development activities within the restricted disease indication outside of oncology.In connection with entering into the license agreement with Novo Nordisk, the Company received an upfront payment of $50 millionin October 2012. In addition, the Company may receive up to $550 millionbased on the achievement of certain development, regulatory and sales milestones. Upon commercialization, the Company will also receive low single digit tiered royalties on Novo Nordisk net sales of biopharmaceutical formulations utilizing the addition of PCI-27483.On June 28, 2013, the Company entered into an amended and restated license agreement with Novo Nordisk to expand the scope of the license granted by the Company to Novo Nordisk in October 2012. Under the amended and restated license agreement with Novo Nordisk, the Company has no additional obligations related to the delivery of the license.Total revenue recognized with respect to the Company license agreement with Novo Nordisk consisted of the following in thousands:Years EndedDecember 31,SixMonths EndedDecember 31,Year EndedJune 30,2014201320122012License and milestone revenue 5,000$Collaboration services  ProductsCelera CorporationBackgroundIn April 2006, the Company acquired multiple small molecule drug candidates for the treatment of cancer and other diseases from Celera Genomics, an Applera Corporation businessnow Celera Corporation - a subsidiary of Quest Diagnostics Incorporated. Future milestone payments under the agreement, as amended, could total as much as approximately $970 millionalthough the Company currently cannot predict if or when any of the milestones will be achieved. Approximately two-thirdsof the milestone payments relate to the Company HDAC inhibitor program and approximately one-thirdrelates to the Company Factor VIIa inhibitor program. Approximately 90%of the potential future milestone payments would be paid to Celera after obtaining regulatory approval in various countries. To date, no milestone payments have been triggered related to the Company HDAC inhibitor or Factor VIIa programs.In addition to the milestone payments, the Company is required to make single-digit royalty payments based on annual sales of IMBRUVICA and would be required to make single-digit royalty payments based on annual sales of drugs commercialized from the Company HDAC inhibitor, Factor VIIa inhibitor and certain other BTK inhibitor programs. For the year endedDecember31, 2014and year ended December 31,2013, the Company recognized royalty expense under the Celera agreement of approximately $274 millionand $10 million, respectively, on net product sales of IMBRUVICA. Royalty 86expense related to net product sales of IMBRUVICA is included within cost of goods sold in the consolidated statement of operations. No royalty expense was incurred under the Celera agreement prior to the year ended December 31, 2013. For any BTK inhibitor product or Factor VIIa inhibitor product obtained from Celera, the agreement with Celera expires on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis. The term of the agreement for a given BTK inhibitor product or Factor VIIa inhibitor product shall expire in a given country upon the expiration of the last-to-expire Celera patent assigned to the Company that covers the manufacture, use, sale, offer for sale, or importation of such product in such country. For any HDAC inhibitor product obtained from Celera, the agreement with Celera expires on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis. The term of the agreement for a given HDAC inhibitor product shall expire in a given country upon the expiration of the last-to-expire Celera patent assigned to the Company that covers the sale of such product in such country.The Company may terminate the agreement with Celera in its entirety, or with respect to one or more of the three classes of products BTK inhibitor products, HDAC inhibitor products and Factor VIIa inhibitor products obtained from Celera, at any time by giving Celera at least 60days' prior written notice. If the Company terminates the agreement with respect to a particular class of products, ownership of the Celera intellectual property assigned to the Company relating to the products in the terminated product class will revert to Celera. If the Company terminates the agreement in its entirety, ownership of all of the Celera intellectual property assigned to the Company will revert to Celera.The agreement with Celera may be terminated effective immediately upon a party written notice to the other party for a breach by the other party that remains uncured for 90days after notice of the breach is given to the breaching party. If the Company breaches the agreement only with respect to one or two of the three classes of products obtained from Celera, but not with respect to all three classes of products, and if the Company breach remains uncured for 90days after the Company has received notice of breach from Celera, Celera may terminate the agreement solely with respect to the class or classes of products affected by the Company breach, but may not terminate the agreement with respect to the class or classes of products unaffected by the Company breach.NOTE 6 CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND MARKETABLE SECURITIESThe following tables set forth the Company cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities in thousands:As of December 31,20142013Cash - Demand deposits$471,916$225,035Cash equivalents - money market funds373,119129,193Cash equivalents - U.S. treasury bills269,488Cash equivalents - Certificates of deposit - FDIC insured240Cash and cash equivalents$845,035$623,956As of December 31,20142013Certificates of deposit - FDIC  securities$11,952$11,672To date, the Company has not recorded any impairment charges on marketable securities related to other-than-temporary declines in market value.In determining whether a decline is other than temporary, the Company considers various factors including the length of time and extent to which the market value has been less than cost, the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer and the Company intent and ability to retain its investment in the issuer for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value.For the year ended December 31,2014and year ended December 31,2013, gross realized losses and gains on the sale of available-for-sale securities were not material.The following is a summary of the Company available-for-sale securities measured a amortized costs, gross unrealized gains, gross unrealized losses and fair value in thousands:87As of December 31, 2014Amortized CostGross Unrealized GainGross Unrealized LossFair ValueCertificates of deposit FDIC   of December 31, 2013Amortized CostGross Unrealized GainGross Unrealized LossFair ValueCertificates of deposit FDIC   of December 31, 2014, the Company marketable securities had the following remaining contractual maturities in thousands:Amortized CostFair ValueLess than one year$11,960$11,952The following table sets forth the basis of fair value measurements for the Company cash equivalents and available-for-sale securities in thousands:As of December 31, 2014Level 1Level 2Level 3Fair ValueCash equivalents:Money market  securities:Certificates of deposit- FDIC  of December 31, 2013Level 1Level 2Level 3Fair valueCash equivalents:U.S. treasury bills$269,488 269,488Money market  of deposit - FDIC insured240240Marketable securities:Certificates of deposit - FDIC  were no transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy during fiscal year 2014. NOTE 7 BALANCE SHEET COMPONENTSProperty and equipment, net consists of the following in thousands:88As of December   and  in  Accumulated depreciation and  and amortization of property and equipment was $39 millionfor the year endedDecember31, 2014, $22 millionfor the year ended December 31,2013, $06 millionfor the six months ended December31, 2012and $06 millionfor the year endedJune 30,2012. Accrued liabilities consist of the following in thousands:As of December 31,20142013Accrued payroll and employee related expenses$19,645$20,500Accrued discounts and rebates18,125906Accrued clinical related14,80617,062Accrued royalty to Celera see Note 510,646949Accrued value added taxes 7,3957,041Accrued outside services5,1145,077Accrued contract  marketing1,288Accrued property and equipment purchases9344,039Accrued inventory1017,592Accrued  revenue consists of the following in thousands:Current portion:As of December 31,20142013Deferred revenue related to the Agreement see Note 5$11,656$7,505Deferred revenue from sales to collaboration partner see Note  portion:As of December 31,20142013Deferred revenue related to the Agreement see Note 5$34,885$52,02589Note 8 Intangible AssetsOn April 15, 2014, the Company entered into an agreement with a third party to acquire technology assets in the amount of $93 millionin cash. The Company expects to amortize the technology assets over 13years which reflects the estimated remaining useful life of the technology assets. Amortization expense was $05 millionfor the year ended December 31, 2014. Accumulated amortization as of December 31, 2014was $05 million.As of December 31, 2014, the future annual amortization expense for the Company intangible assets is expected to be as follows in thousands:Fiscal YearFuture Amortization of Intangible  9 STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITYCommon stockPublic OfferingIn March 2013, the Company sold 22 millionshares of its common stock in an underwritten public offering at $9420per share for net proceeds of $2010 millionafter deducting expenses of the offering. The closing of the offering took place on March 13, 2013.Preferred stockAs amended, the Company Certificate of Incorporation authorizes 10 millionshares of preferred stock, par value $00001per share. The Board of Directors is authorized to issue the preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions thereof, including dividend rights, dividend rates, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, redemption prices, liquidation preferences and the number of shares constituting any series or the designation of such series, without further vote or action by the stockholders.As of December 31, 2014and 2013, no preferred stock was issued or outstanding.The ability of the Company Board of Directors to issue shares of preferred stock without stockholder approval may have certain anti-takeover effects. The Company is also subject to provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which may make certain business combinations more difficult.Stock plansEquity Incentive Award PlansThe Company maintains three stock-based compensation plans: the 2014 Equity Incentive Award Plan 2014 Plan, which was approved during the Company annual meeting of stockholders on May 8, 2014, the 2004 Equity Incentive Award Plan 2004 Plan and the Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP. The 2014 Plan serves as the successor to the 2004 Plan and provides for the issuance of various forms of awards including among others, incentive and non-qualified stock options and restricted stock units RSUs. The exercise price of all stock options granted under the 2014 Plan may not be less than the fair market value of the Company common stock on the date of grant and no stock option will be exercisable more than tenyears after the date it is granted. Stock options and restricted stock units granted to employees generally vest over fouryears. The Company settles employee stock option exercises, ESPP purchases, and the vesting of RSUs with newly issued common shares. 90The following table summarizes stock option activity related to shares of common stock under the Company stock option plans in thousands, except per share amounts and years data:Options OutstandingNumber of OptionsWeighted Average Exercise Price per ShareWeighted Average Remaining Contractual Term in YearsAggregate Intrinsic ValueBalance at December 31,  or expired3715984Balance at December 31,  and expected to vest at December 31, 20144,073$417266$328,684The above table excludes approximately 08million options which comprise the portion of performance options granted for which the performance criteria had not been established as of December31, 2014.The following table summarizes restricted stock unit activity under the Company 2014 Plan in thousands, except per share amounts and years data:Number of OptionsWeighted Average Grant Date Fair ValueWeighted Average Remaining Contractual Term in YearsAggregate Intrinsic ValueOutstanding at December 31, 2013$Granted21111498Vested and released1312189Forfeited 1010009Outstanding and unvested at December 31,  to vest at December 31, 2014163$1156119$19,960The above table excludes approximately 01 millionrestricted stock units which comprise the portion of performance RSUs granted for which the performance criteria had not been established as of December31, 2014.The components of stock-based compensation recognized in the Company consolidated statements of operations were as follows in thousands:Years EndedDecember 31,SixMonths EndedDecember 31,Year Ended June 30,2014201320122012Cost of goods sold$1,453$436$$Research and  general and  stock-based  the year endedDecember 31, 2014and the year endedDecember31, 2013, the Company capitalized stock-based compensation of approximately $09 millionand $02 million, respectively. The Company capitalized nostock-based compensation during the six months endedDecember31, 2012and the year endedJune 30,2012, as these periods were prior to the commercialization of its product. The fair value of each stock option is estimated using the Black Scholes option-pricing model. The expected term of stock options granted represents the period of time that stock options are expected to be outstanding.The Company generally does 91not expect substantially different exercise or post-vesting termination behavior among its employee or non-employee population. As such, for the majority of stock options granted and the Company Employee Stock Purchase Plan, the Company generally calculates and applies an overall expected term assumption based on historical data.In certain cases, the Company uses a shorter expected term for performance-based stock options based on a combination of historical data and management estimates of the period of time that options will be outstanding. The risk-free interest rate is based on a zero-coupon U.S. Treasury bond whose maturity period equals the expected term of the Company options.Years EndedDecember 31,SixMonths EndedDecember 31,Year EndedJune 30,2014201320122012Employee stock options 1:Expected dividend yieldExpected stock price volatility 2469% - 674%509% - 848%515% - 855%88%Risk free interest rate 207% - 18%05% - 15%03% - 08%100%Expected life years 2252 - 504252 - 520260 - 520500Non-employee stock options:Expected dividend yieldExpected stock price volatility79%79%89%84% - 89%Risk free interest rate26%19%389%200% - 389%Expected life years10001000800810 10001 The above table includes assumptions used in the valuation of performance-based stock option grants for which the Company set performance criteria during the period. 2Amounts for the year ended June 30,2012are presented on a weighted average basis.The weighted average grant date fair value for employee options granted under the Company stock option plans during the year endedDecember 31, 2014, the year endedDecember31, 2013, the six months endedDecember31, 2012, and the year endedJune 30,2012was $5928, $5532, $4355and $1144, respectively.The total pre-tax intrinsic value of stock options exercised during the year endedDecember 31, 2014, the year endedDecember31, 2013, the six months endedDecember31, 2012, and the year endedJune 30,2012was $1966 million, $1455 million, $458 millionand $173 million, respectively.For the year endedDecember 31, 2014and year ended December 31, 2013, the Company recognized a tax benefit from stock-based compensation of $349 millionand $300 million, respectively, as a decrease to income taxes payable, with a corresponding increase to additional paid-in capital. No income tax benefits were recognized during the six months endedDecember31, 2012and the year endedJune 30,2012.As of December31, 2014, there were approximately 20 millionshares reserved for issuance and available for grant under the 2014 Plan.As of December31, 2014, $876 millionof total unrecognized compensation costs related to non vested employee options are scheduled to be recognized over a weighted average period of 26years.The total fair value of shares vested for the year endedDecember 31, 2014, the year endedDecember31, 2013, the six months endedDecember31, 2012and the year endedJune 30,2012was $433 million, $374 million, $37 millionand $56 million, respectively. A summary of outstanding, exercisable and vested stock options as of December31, 2014is as follows in thousands, except per share amounts:92Options  and VestedRange of Exercise PricesNumber of SharesWeighted Average Remaining Contractual LifeWeighted Average Exercise Price Per ShareAggregate Intrinsic ValueNumber of SharesWeighted Average Remaining Contractual LifeWeighted Average Exercise Price Per ShareAggregate Intrinsic ValueNumber of SharesWeighted Average Exercise Price Per ShareAggregate Intrinsic Value$075 -  -  -  -  -  -  Stock Purchase PlanThe Company adopted an Employee Stock Purchase Plan the Purchase Plan in August 1995. Qualified employees may elect to have a certain percentage of their salary withheld to purchase shares of the Company common stock under the Purchase Plan. The purchase price per share is equal to 85%of the fair market value of the stock on specified dates. The number of shares purchased under the Purchase Plan in the year endedDecember 31, 2014, the year endedDecember31, 2013, the six months endedDecember31, 2012, and the year endedJune 30,2012were approximately 01 million, 02 million, 01 million, and 02 millionshares of common stock at an average price of $8055, $2165, $1306, and $519per share, respectively. In May 2013, stockholders approved an increase of 03 millionshares available for issuance under the Purchase Plan. As of December 31, 2014, approximately 05 millionshares were available for future purchase under the Purchase Plan.Compensation cost is estimated using the Black Scholes option-pricing model using the weighted average assumptions noted in the following table:Years EndedDecember 31,SixMonths EndedDecember 31, Year EndedJune 30,2014201320122012Expected dividend yieldStock price volatility49%48%50%54%Risk free interest  life years159110068114The weighted average estimated grant date fair value of purchase awards under the Company employee stock purchase plan during the year endedDecember 31, 2014, the year endedDecember31, 2013, six months endedDecember31, 2012, and the year endedJune 30,2012was $3679, $4119, $3332and $638per share, respectively.As of December31, 2014, $44 millionof total unrecognized compensation costs related to purchase awards under the Company employee stock purchase plan were scheduled to be recognized over a weighted average period of 1year.NOTE 10 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANThe Company maintains a defined contribution plan covering substantially all U.S. employees under Section 401k of the Internal Revenue Code and a defined contribution plan for non-U.S. employees. The Company matching contribution to the plan was $19 million, $10 million, $01 million, $02 millionfor the year endedDecember 31, 2014, the year endedDecember 31, 2013, the six months endedDecember31, 2012, and the year endedJune 30,2012, respectively.NOTE 11 INCOME TAXESThe components of the provision for income taxes are as follows in thousands:93Years EndedDecember 31,SixMonths EndedDecember 31, Year EndedJune  provision for income  before  rate2966%3172%220%033%The following is a geographical breakdown of consolidated income before income taxes by income tax jurisdiction in thousands:Years EndedDecember 31,SixMonths EndedDecember 31,Year EndedJune 30,2014201320122012United  before  deferred tax assets liabilities are summarized as follows in thousands:As of December 31,20142013Deferred tax assets:Net operating loss carryforwards$4,546$3,552Tax credit  and  and amortization775916Partnership investment4,922Stock-based  and accruals18,03918,557Gross deferred tax assets70,78059,077Less: valuation allowance70,35058,679Net deferred tax assets430398Deferred tax  Deferred tax assets $$A full valuation allowance has been established for the Company deferred tax assets as of December31, 2014and December31, 2013, since realization of such assets through the generation of future taxable income is uncertain. The increases in the valuation allowance were $117 million, and $268 millionfor year endedDecember31, 2014and the year ended December 31,2013, respectively. The Company intends to continue maintaining a full valuation allowance on its deferred tax assets until there is sufficient evidence to support the reversal of all or some portion of these allowances. However, should there be greater market demand for or greater market acceptance of IMBRUVICA than management has currently forecasted, there is a reasonable possibility 94that within the next year sufficient positive evidence may become available to reach a conclusion that a significant portion of the valuation allowance will no longer be needed. As such, the Company may release a significant portion of its valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets within the next 12 months. This release would result in the recognition of certain deferred tax assets and a decrease to income tax expense for the period such release is recorded.The provision for income taxes differs from the amount determined by applying the U.S. statutory income tax rate of 35%for the year ended December31, 2014, year ended December 31, 2013, the six months ended December31, 2012, and year ended June 30,2012to the income before income taxes as summarized below in thousands:Years EndedDecember 31,SixMonths EndedDecember 31,Year EndedJune 30,2014201320122012Tax provision benefit at statutory  Tax, net of federal benefit3,156202389Research and development and orphan drug  tax assets benefited not   alternative minimum tax2,04726Foreign taxes greater than less than U.S.  December31, 2014and December 31, 2013, the Company had federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $94 millionand $101 million, respectively. At December31, 2014and December 31, 2013, the Company had state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $580 millionand $373 million, respectively. The state operating losses are attributable to stock option benefits which will be recorded to equity when they reduce cash taxes payable. The federal and state net operating loss carryforwards will begin to expire in 2016. At December31, 2014and December 31, 2013, federal tax research credit carryforwards of $91 millionand $69 million, respectively and state tax research credit carryforwards of $89 millionand $55 million, respectively, are available to offset future taxable income. At December31, 2014and December 31, 2013, federal orphan drug credits of $711 millionand $486 million, respectively, are also available to offset future taxable income. The federal tax research and orphan drug credits can be carried forward 20 years and will begin to expire in 2032. State tax research credits can be carried forward indefinitely. At December31, 2014and December 31, 2013, the Company also had federal and state alternative minimum tax credits of $15 millionand $24 million, respectively, that can be used in the future that have no expiration date.The Company is tracking the portion of its net operating losses attributable to stock option benefits in a separate memo account pursuant to ASC 718-740. Therefore, these amounts are no longer included in the Company gross or net deferred tax assets. Pursuant to ASC 718-740-25-10, the stock option benefits of approximately $21 millionwill be only recorded to equity when they reduce cash taxes payable.The Company reviewed whether the utilization of its net operating losses and research credits are subject to a substantial annual limitation due to the ownership change limitations provided by the Internal Revenue Code and similar state provisions. Utilization of these carryforwards is restricted and results in some amount of these carryforwards expiring prior to benefiting the Company. The deferred tax assets shown above have been adjusted to reflect these expiring carryforwards.The following table summarizes the activity related to the Company gross amounts of unrecognized tax benefits in thousands:95Years EndedDecember 31,SixMonths EndedDecember 31,Year EndedJune 30,2014201320122012Beginning  based on tax positions related to current  reduction for tax positions of prior years6233,056Ending  total amount of the unrecognized tax benefits if recognized would be an adjustment to the amount of deferred tax assets reported. The Company may from time to time be assessed interest or penalties by major tax jurisdictions, although there have been no such assessments historically.In the event the Company receives an assessment for interest and/or penalties, it would be classified in the financial statements as income tax expense.As of December31, 2014, all tax years in the U.S. remain open due to the taxing authorities' ability to adjust operating loss carry forwards. The Company does not expect any material changes to the unrecognized tax benefits reported above during the next twelve months.U.S. income taxes were not provided on approximately $659 millionof undistributed earnings of certain non-U.S. subsidiaries. The amount of the unrecognized deferred tax liability for temporary differences relates to investments in these non-U.S. subsidiaries that are essentially permanent in duration and the Company anticipates that, if ever distributed, such amounts would not be taxed at greater than 40%. The Company has not provided U.S. income taxes and foreign withholding taxes on the undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries as of December31, 2014, because the Company intends to permanently reinvest such earnings outside the U.S. As of December 31, 2014, the amount of potential U.S. income tax of a future hypothetical distribution would not trigger a significant U.S. tax liability because the Company has tax attribute carryovers available that it can use to reduce its liability. During the year ended December 31, 2013, the Company was notified by the Internal Revenue Service IRS that it will be audited for the tax years ended June 30, 2012 and 2011. In the third quarter of 2014, the IRS issued an Agreed Tax Change Form 4549 accepting a proposed adjustment to reduce the Company RD credit forward by $03 millionfor the tax year ended June 30, 2011. As of December31, 2014, no additional adjustments have been proposed by the IRS.In December 2014, Congress passed the Tax Increase Prevention Act which included a retroactive renewal of the Federal RD credit back to January 1, 2014, which had previously expired. The impact of this retroactive tax legislation will not affect the Company fiscal 2014 effective tax rate, but will reduce future income tax payments.NOTE 12 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIESFacilities LeaseAs of December31, 2014, the Company leases a total of 132,176square feet for its corporate headquarters in Sunnyvale, California. Of this total space, 79,776square feet are leased under an operating lease that expires in November 2017, with an option to extend the lease term for an additional fiveyears.The remaining 52,400square feet are leased under an operating lease that expires in February 2023, which provides for an option to early terminate the lease in 2018 and has an option to extend the lease term for an additional fiveyears. In addition, the Company leases approximately 8,000square feet for its Pharmacyclics Switzerland GmbH office under an agreement that expires in May 2015 and leases 7,000square feet of office space in South San Francisco, California under an operating lease which expires in March 2015. In January 2015, the Company entered into a lease agreement for additional office space for its corporate headquarters in Sunnyvale, California for approximately 36,000square feet with annual rental expense of $05 millionunder an operating lease that expires in May 2016. In addition, in February 2015, the Company entered into a lease agreement for approximately 10,000square feet of office space in South San Francisco, California, with annual rental expense of $03 millionunder an operating lease, expiring in February 2017. The Company recognizes rental expense under the lease on a straight line basis over the lease term. Differences between the straight line rent expense and rent payments are classified as deferred rent liability on the balance sheet. As of December31, 2014, future minimum lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases are as follows in thousands:96Operating Lease  expense for the year endedDecember 31, 2014, year endedDecember 31, 2013, six months endedDecember31, 2012, and the year endedJune 30,2012was $25 million, $18 million, $06 million, and $10 million, respectively.Purchase Commitments The Company had non-cancelable purchase obligations for approximately $859 million, and $348 millionas of December 31, 2014and December 31, 2013, respectively.Excess amounts under collaboration and license agreement with JanssenThe Company worldwide collaboration and license agreement with Janssen provides the Company with an annual cap of its share of development costs and pre-tax commercial losses for each calendar year until the third profitable calendar quarter for the collaboration, as determined in the agreement, and any Excess Amounts are funded by Janssen. Janssen may recoup the Excess Amounts, together with interest, from the Company share of pre-tax commercial profits after the third profitable calendar quarter for the collaboration until the Excess Amounts and applicable interest has been fully paid. As of December 31, 2014, total Excess Amounts were $1383 million, which was comprised of the cumulative amount funded by Janssen to-date of $1343 millionand interest of $40 million. As of December 31, 2014, we have achieved two profitable quarters for the collaboration see Note 5.Legal ProceedingsThe Company may be involved, from time to time, in legal proceedings and claims arising in the ordinary course of its business. Such matters are subject to many uncertainties and outcomes are not predictable with assurance. The Company accrues amounts, to the extent they can be reasonably estimated, that it believes are adequate to address any liabilities related to legal proceedings and other loss contingencies that the Company believe will result in a probable loss. While there can be no assurances as to the ultimate outcome of any legal proceeding or other loss contingency involving the Company, management does not believe any pending matter will be resolved in a manner that would have a material adverse effect on the Company consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.NOTE 13 BASIC AND DILUTED NET INCOME PER SHARE97The computations of basic and diluted net income per share are as follows in thousands, except per share amounts: Years EndedDecember 31,SixMonths EndedDecember 31,Year EndedJune   average common  of dilutive securities:Employee stock  stock purchase plan1669125108Restricted stock units15Weighted average common shares -  income per  dilutive securities excluded from net income per share - diluted because their effect is  14 SEGMENT INFORMATIONThe Company operates as a single reportable segment, which primarily focuses on developing and commercializing novel therapies for the treatment of cancer and immune-mediated diseases see Note 2. The following table summarizes total revenue from external customers by geographic region, which consists of product revenue, net. IMBRUVICA first came to market on November 13, 2013. Years EndedDecember 31,SixMonths EndedDecember 31, Year EndedJune 30,2014201320122012United  $492,418$13,573$$As of December31, 2014, substantially all of the Company long-lived assets were located in the U.S.Note 15 QUARTERLY RESULTS UNAUDITEDThe following table is in thousands, except per share amounts:98Quarters EndedMarch 31,June 30, September 30,December 31,2014201420142014Total  costs and  income loss from  income  income loss per share:  used in computation of net income lossper  EndedMarch 31,June 30, September 30,December 31,2013201320132013Total  costs and  income loss from  income  income loss per share:  used in computation of net income lossper  and diluted net income loss per share amounts are computed independently for each of the quarters presented.Therefore, the sum of quarterly basic and diluted net income loss per share information may not equal annual basic and diluted net income loss per share.NOTE 16 Transition Period Comparative Data unaudited99in thousands, except per share dataSix Months Ended December  of Operations Data:Revenue:License and milestone  services revenue5,658335Total revenue160,65877,940Costs and expenses:Research and development46,63923,324Less: Excess Amounts related to Research and development See Note 517,306Research and development, net29,33323,324Selling, general and  Excess Amounts related to Selling, general and administrative See Note 5819Selling, general and administrative, net11,2747,294Total costs and expenses40,60730,618Income from  income13768Other expense, net824Income before income taxes120,18047,366Income tax provision2,6475,651Net income $117,533$41,715Net income per  average shares used to compute net income loss per  of Cash Flows Data:Net cash provided by used in operating activities$110,694$123,904Net cash used in provided by investing activities6,38613,063Net cash provided by financing activities5,2295,490Increase in cash and cash  17 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONSKenneth A. Clark, a director of the Company since November 2012, is a member of the law firm of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich Rosati WSGR. The Company retains WSGR as legal counsel for various matters, primarily consisting of intellectual property matters. During the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, the Company made payments to WSGR of $37 millionand $29 million, respectively. In addition, from the time that Mr. Clark was elected as a director on November 9, 2012 until December 31, 2012, the Company made payments to WSGR of approximately $04 million. As of December 31, 2014and 2013, $13 millionand $09 million, respectively, was included in accrued liabilities in the consolidated bal100ance sheet for amounts due to WSGR.During the year endedJune 30,2012, the Company paid Dr. Gwen Fyfe, a former member of its Board of Directors, approximately $01 millionfor consulting services under a Consulting Agreement entered into prior to Dr. Fyfe joining the Company Board in December 2010. The Company made no payments to Dr. Fyfe during the year endedDecember 31, 2014, the year endedDecember31, 2013or the six months endedDecember 31, 2012. In November 2011, the Company entered into an amendment the Amendment to its Consulting Agreement with Dr. Fyfe. The Amendment provided that Dr. Fyfe would receive a lump sum of $01 millionand that she will continue to provide limited consulting services to the Company for a period of twoyears. Payment of the $01 millionlump sum occurred in November 2011. In addition, the options to purchase 330,000shares of the Company common stock previously granted to Dr. Fyfe in connection with her consulting services continued to vest through November30, 2011and were to remain exercisable for a period of twoyears following the date of the Amendment. Dr. Fyfe did not stand for reelection at the Company December15, 2011Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Options granted to Dr. Fyfe upon her initial election to the Board continued to vest through December15, 2011; all such vested options and all additional options received by Dr. Fyfe in connection with her Board service were to remain exercisable for a period of threeyears from this date. During the year ended December 31, 2014, Dr. Fyfe exercised all remaining stock options.NOTE 18 SUBSEQUENT EVENTIn January 2015, the Company entered into a six month consulting services agreement with Dr. Robert Booth, a member of its Board of Directors the Consulting Agreement. In addition, on January 22, 2015, Dr. Booth was granted 10,000RSUs which vest over fouryears. The grant date fair value of the RSUs is $16 millionbased on the Companys closing stock price on January 22, 2015. The Consulting Agreement provides for maximum payments to Dr. Booth of $01 millionover the six month term and for the reimbursement of documented, authorized travel and out-of-pocket expenses.Item1Business1Item!1A.Risk Factors27Item1B.Unresolved Staff  Proceedings41Item!4Mine Safety Disclosures41PART IIItem5Ma. Controls and ProceduresaEvaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures:We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commissions rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and in reaching a reasonable level of assurance, management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures.As of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-K, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on the foregoing, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level.bManagements Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting:Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15f and 15d-15f. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2014based on the framework in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework 2013issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO. Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December31, 2014.The independent registered public accounting firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, has issued an attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting.The report on the audit of internal control over financial reporting is included in Item 8 in this Form 10-K101cChanges in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting:There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during our most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.Item 9B. Other InformationOn February 17, 2015, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Pharmacyclics, Inc. the Company approved 2014 year-end cash bonuses for certain officers of the Company, including $227,027 for Mahkam Zanganeh, the Companys Chief Operating Officer, $183,838 for Manmeet Soni, the Companys Chief Financial Officer, and $107,915 for Heow Tan, the Companys Chief of Quality and Technical Operations. Separate mid-year bonuses for certain officers of the Company were previously paid and disclosed in August 2014.PART III