Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Index to the Consolidated Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm38Consolidated Balance Sheets39Consolidated Statements of Operations40Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity41Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows42Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements4337Table of ContentsReport of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of SIGA Technologies, Inc.: In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the related consolidated statements of operations, of changes in stockholders equity and of cash flows present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of SIGA Technologies, Inc. and its subsidiary the Companyat December 31, 2011and December 31, 2010, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2011in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2011, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Frameworkissued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO. The Companys management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Managements Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on these financial statements and on the Companys internal control over financial reporting based on our integrated audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, effective January 1, 2009, the Company changed the way certain financial instruments that are settled in the Companys common stock are accounted for.A companys internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A companys internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that ipertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; iiprovide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and iiiprovide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the companys assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate./s/ PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS, LLPNew York, New York March 1, 201238Table of ContentsSIGA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS As of December 31, 2011 and 2010 20112010ASSETSCurrent assetsCash and cash  term investments14,999,350Accounts   tax assets727,772Total current  plant and equipment,  assets535,417280,648Deferred tax assets, net35,149,031Total  AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITYCurrent liabilitiesAccounts  expenses and other current  current  revenue41,001,110Common stock  tax liability175,175Other liabilities147,586Total  equityCommon stock $0001 par value, 100,000,000 shares authorized, 51,637,352 and 49,019,443 issued and outstanding at December 31, 2011, and December 31, 2010,  paid-in  other comprehensive income4,067Accumulated  stockholders  liabilities and stockholders  accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements39Table of ContentsSIGA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS For the Years Ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 201120102009RevenuesResearch and  expensesSelling, general and  and  preparation  operating   increase in fair value of common stock  income, net13,061659,2921,437Loss before income  from provision for income taxes36,031,646175,175Net income  earnings loss per  earnings loss per  average shares outstanding:  average shares outstanding:  accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements40Table of ContentsSIGA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY For the Years Ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and  StockPaid -  LossEquityBalances, December31,   of common stock upon exercise of stock options and  proceeds from the issuance of 2,725,339 shares of common stock $735 per  based  value of exercised common stock  of deferred transaction  effect of accounting  December31,   in net unrealized gain loss on short-term  loss28,191,272Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options and  based  value of exercised common stock  December31,   in net unrealized gain loss on short-term  income13,590,109Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options and  based  obligation from stock-based  value of exercised common stock  December31,  accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements41Table of ContentsSIGA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the Years Ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 201120102009Cash flows from operating activities:Net income  to reconcile net income loss to net cash used in operating activities Depreciation and other  Decrease increase in fair value of  Stock based  Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts  Prepaid  Other assets254,76924,10320,895 Deferred income taxes, net36,051,978175,175 Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current  Deferred revenue41,001,110Other  Net cash provided by used in operating  flows from investing activities: Capital  Proceeds from maturity of short term  Purchases of short term  Net cash provided by used in investing  flows from financing activities: Net proceeds from exercise of warrants and  Proceeds from issuance of securities18,565,420 Repurchase of common stock1,353,656 Net cash provided by financing  increase decrease in cash and cash  and cash equivalents at beginning of  and cash equivalents at end of  disclosure of non-cash financing activities:Reclass of common stock warrant liability to additional paid-in capital upon warrant  accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements42SIGA TECHNOLOGIES, INC.NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS1.Organization and Basis of PresentationDescription of BusinessSIGA Technologies, Inc. SIGA or the Company is a pharmaceutical company specializing in the development and commercialization of pharmaceutical solutions for some of the most lethal disease-causing pathogens in the world - smallpox, Ebola, dengue, Lassa fever and other dangerous viruses. The Company aims to discover, develop, manufacture and successfully commercialize drugs to prevent and treat these high-priority threats. The Company mission is to disarm dreaded viral diseases and create robust, modern biodefense countermeasures.Basis of presentationThe consolidated financial statements are presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America US GAAP and reflect the consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows for all periods presented.The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a basis which assumes that the Company will continue as a going concern and which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. The Company has incurred cumulative net losses and expects to incur additional losses to perform further research and development activities. The Company has limited capital resources and will need additional funds to complete the development of its products. Management plans to fund continuing development work and operations through sources of cash that may include: collaborative agreements, strategic alliances, research grants, future equity and debt financing, procurement contracts and cash and investments on hand. There is no assurance that the Company will be successful in obtaining future financing on commercially reasonable terms. Management believes that existing funds combined with cash flows primarily from its procurement contract with the Biomedical Advance Research and Development Authority BARDA see Note 3 and continuing government grants and contracts collectively, Grants will be sufficient to support its operations for at least the next twelve months. The success of the Company is dependent upon generating commercial sales and the Companys ability to obtain adequate future financing. If the Company is unable to raise adequate capital and/or achieve profitable operations, future operations might need to be scaled back or discontinued. The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability of the carrying amount of recorded assets and liabilities that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties2.Summary of Significant Accounting  reclassifications have been made to prior year amounts to conform to 2011 presentation.Use of EstimatesThe consolidated financial statements and related disclosures are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and revenue and expenses during the period reported. The most significant estimates include the variables used in the calculation of fair value for outstanding options and warrants granted or issued by the Company; reported amounts of revenue and expenses, impairment of goodwill, intangibles and long-lived assets, and the realization of deferred tax assets. Estimates and assumptions are reviewed periodically and the effects of revisions are reflected in the financial statements in the period they are determined to be necessary. Actual results could differ from these estimates.Cash Equivalents, Short-term Investments and Marketable SecuritiesThe Company considers all highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Highly liquid investments with maturities greater than three months and less than one year are classified as short-term investments. Such investments are generally money market funds, bank certificates of deposit, and U.S. Treasury bills.The Company classifies short-term investments and marketable securities with readily determinable fair values as available-for-sale. Investments in securities that are classified as available-for-sale are measured at fair market value in the balance sheet and unrealized holding gains and losses on investments are reported as a separate component of stockholders equity until realized.As of December 31, 2010 the Companys short-term investments consisted of $150 million of available-for-sale United States Treasury Bills. The unrealized gain relating to these investments was immaterial43Table of ContentsConcentration of Credit RiskThe Company has cash in bank accounts that exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insured limits. The Company has not experienced any losses on its cash accounts. No allowance has been provided for potential credit losses because management believes that any such losses would be minimal. The Companys accounts payable consist of trade payables due to creditors.Property, Plant and EquipmentProperty, plant and equipment are stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is provided on a straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the various asset classes. The estimated useful lives are as follows: 5 years for laboratory equipment; 3 years for computer equipment; and 7 years for furniture and fixtures. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the assets or the lease term. Maintenance, repairs and minor replacements are charged to expense as incurred.Revenue RecognitionRevenue is recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the fee is fixed or determinable, collectability is reasonably assured, contractual obligations have been satisfied and title and risk of loss have been transferred to the customer. The Company recognizes revenue from non-refundable up-front payments, not tied to achieving a specific performance milestone, over the period which the Company is obligated to perform services or based on the percentage of costs incurred to date, estimated costs to complete and total expected contract revenue. Payments for development activities are recognized as revenue as earned, over the period of effort. Funding for the acquisition of capital assets under cost-plus-fee Grants is evaluated for appropriate recognition as a reduction to the cost of the asset, a financing arrangement, or revenue based on the specific terms of the related grant or contract. Substantive at-risk milestone payments, which are based on achieving a specific performance milestone, are recognized as revenue when the milestone is achieved and the related payment is due, providing there is no future service obligation associated with that milestone. In situations in which the Company receives payment in advance of the performance of services, such amounts are deferred and recognized as revenue as the related services are performed.For the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010, and 2009, revenues from National Institutes of Health NIH and BARDA Grants was 96%, 91% and 100%, respectively, of total revenues recognized by the Company.Accounts ReceivableAccounts receivable are recorded net of provisions for doubtful accounts. At December 31, 2011 and 2010, 100% and 87%, respectively, of accounts receivables represented receivables from NIH and BARDA. An allowance for doubtful accounts is based on specific analysis of the receivables. At December 31, 2011, 2010, and 2009, the Company had no allowance for doubtful accounts.Research and DevelopmentResearch and development expenses include costs directly attributable to the conduct of research and development programs, including employee related costs, materials, supplies, depreciation on and maintenance of research equipment, the cost of services provided by outside contractors, including services related to the Companys clinical trials and facility costs, such as rent, utilities, and general support services. All costs associated with research and development are expensed as incurred. Costs related to the acquisition of technology rights, for which development work is still in process, and that have no alternative future uses, are expensed as incurred.GoodwillThe Company evaluates goodwill for impairment at least annually or as circumstances warrant. The impairment review process compares the fair value of the reporting unit in which goodwill resides to its carrying value. The Company operates as one business and one reporting unit. Therefore, the goodwill impairment analysis is performed on the basis of the Company as a whole, using the market capitalization of the Company as an estimate of its fair value.Share-based CompensationStock-based compensation expense for all share-based payment awards made to employees and directors is determined on the grant date; for options awards, fair value is estimated using the Black-Scholes model. The value of the portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest is recorded as expense over the requisite service periods in the Companys consolidated statement of operations.These compensation costs are recognized net of an estimated forfeiture rate over the requisite service periods of the awards. Forfeitures are estimated on the date of the respective grant and revised if actual or expected forfeiture activity differs materially from original estimates44Table of ContentsIncome TaxesThe Company recognizes income taxes utilizing the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred income taxes are recorded for temporary differences between financial statement carrying amounts and the tax basis of assets and liabilities at enacted tax rates expected to be in effect for the years in which the differences are expected to reverse. A valuation allowance is established if it is more likely than not that some or the entire deferred tax asset will not be realized. The recognition of a valuation allowance for deferred taxes requires management to make estimates and judgments about the Companys future profitability which are inherently uncertain. The Company applies the applicable authoritative guidance which prescribes a comprehensive model for the manner in which a company should recognize, measure, present and disclose in its financial statements all material uncertain tax positions that the Company has taken or expects to take on a tax return. The Company has no tax positions for which it is reasonably possible that the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits will significantly increase or decrease within twelve months from December 31, 2011. The Company files federal income tax returns and income tax returns in various state and local tax jurisdictions. The open tax years for U.S. federal, state and local tax returns is generally 2008 - 2011; open tax years relating to unused NOLs begin in 1997. In the event that the Company concludes that it is subject to interest and/or penalties arising from uncertain tax positions, the Company will present interest and penalties as a component of income taxes. No amounts of interest or penalties were recognized in the Companys consolidated financial statements for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2011.Net Loss per ShareThe Company computes, presents and discloses earnings per share in accordance with the authoritative guidance which specifies the computation, presentation and disclosure requirements for earnings per share of entities with publicly held common stock or potential common stock. The objective of basic EPS is to measure the performance of an entity over the reporting period by dividing income loss by the weighted average shares outstanding. The objective of diluted EPS is consistent with that of basic EPS, except that it also gives effect to all potentially dilutive common shares outstanding during the period.The following is a reconciliation of the basic and diluted net income loss per share computation:Year Ended December 31,201120102009Net income loss for basic  in fair value of warrants8,930,906Net income loss, adjusted for change in fair value of warrants for diluted  shares:  of potential common  shares:  loss per share:  loss per share:  employee share-based awards, excluded504,668The diluted earnings per share calculation reflects the effect of the assumed exercise of outstanding warrants and the corresponding elimination of the benefit included in operating results from the change in fair value of the warrants. Diluted shares outstanding include the dilutive effect of in-the-money options and warrants, unvested restricted stock and restricted stock units. The dilutive effect of such equity awards is calculated based on the average share price for each fiscal period using the treasury stock method. Under the treasury stock method, the amount the employee must pay for exercising stock options, the average amount of compensation cost for future service that the Company has not yet recognized, and the amount of tax benefits that would be recorded in additional paid-in capital when the award becomes deductible, are collectively assumed to be used to repurchase shares with the change in fair market value reported in the operating results of the respective period.Fair Value of Financial InstrumentsThe carrying value of cash and cash equivalents, accounts payable and accrued expenses approximates fair value due to the relatively short maturity of these instruments. Common stock warrants which are classified as liabilities are recorded at their fair market value as of each reporting period.The measurement of fair value requires the use of techniques based on observable and unobservable inputs. Observable inputs 45Table of Contentsreflect market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect our market assumptions. The inputs create the following fair value hierarchy:Level 1 Quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets.Level 2 Quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active; and model-derived valuations where inputs are observable or where significant value drivers are observable.Level 3 Instruments where significant value drivers are unobservable to third parties.The Company uses model-derived valuations where inputs are observable in active markets to determine the fair value of certain common stock warrants on a recurring basis and classify such warrants in Level 2. The Company utilizes the Black-Scholes model consisting of the following variables: i the closing price of SIGAs common stock; ii the expected remaining life of the warrant; iii the expected volatility using a weighted-average of historical volatilities from a combination of SIGA and comparable companies; and iv the risk-free market rate. At December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010, the fair value of such warrants was $622,938 and $10,524,600 classified as non-current common stock warrants on the balance sheet.As of December 31, 2010, the Company held approximately $150 million in United States Treasury Bills, classified as a Level 1 security. For the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, SIGA did not hold any Level 3 securities.Segment InformationThe Company is managed and operated as one business. The entire business is managed by a single management team that reports to the chief executive officer. The Company does not operate separate lines of business or separate business entities with respect to any of its product candidates. Accordingly, the Company does not prepare discrete financial information with respect to separate product areas or by location and only has one reportable segment.Cumulative Effect of Changes in Accounting PrinciplesOn January 1, 2009, the Company adopted the provisions of the authoritative guidance for derivatives and hedging. The cumulative effect of the change in accounting principle recorded by the Company in connection with certain warrants to acquire shares of the Companys common stock was recognized as an adjustment to the opening balance of accumulated deficit as summarized in the following table:As reported onDecember 31, 2008As adjusted onJanuary 1, 2009Effect of changein accountingCommon stock   Accounting PronouncementsIn September 2011, the Financial Accounting Standards Board the FASB issued updated accounting guidance, which amended guidance on how to test goodwill for impairment. This update permits an entity to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform a two-step goodwill impairment test. The updated guidance is effective for annual impairment tests performed in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2011 with early adoption permitted. SIGA expects that the adoption of this guidance will not have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.In May 2011, the FASB issued additional guidance on fair value measurements that clarifies the application of existing guidance and disclosure requirements, changes certain fair value measurement principles and requires additional disclosures about fair value measurements. The updated guidance is effective during interim and annual period beginning after December 15, 2011. SIGA expects that the adoption of this guidance will not have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. In January 2010, the FASB issued updated accounting guidance for fair value measurements. This update provides amendments that require new disclosure as follows: 1 A reporting entity should disclose separately the amounts of significant transfers in and out of Level 1 and Level 2 fair-value measurements and describe the reasons for the transfers. 2 In the reconciliation for fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs Level 3, a reporting entity should present separately information about purchases, sales, issuances, and settlements that is, on a gross basis rather than as one net number. This update provides amendments that clarify existing disclosures as follows: 1 A reporting entity should provide fair-value measurement disclosures for each class of assets and liabilities. A class is often a subset of assets or liabilities within a line item in the statement of financial 46Table of Contentsposition. A reporting entity needs to use judgment in determining the appropriate classes of assets and liabilities. 2 A reporting entity should provide disclosures about the valuation techniques and inputs used to measure fair value for both recurring and nonrecurring fair value measurements. Those disclosures are required for fair value measurements that fall in either Level 2 or Level 3. The new disclosures and clarifications of existing disclosures are effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2009, except for the disclosures about purchases, sales, issuances, and settlements in the roll-forward of activity in Level 3 fair-value measurements. Those disclosures are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2010, and for interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company has adopted the amendments, and such adoption has not had a material impact on the consolidated financial statements3. Procurement Contract and Research AgreementsProcurement ContractIn May 2011, the Company signed the BARDA Contract pursuant to which SIGA agreed to deliver two million courses of ST-246 to the U.S. Strategic National Stockpile the Strategic Stockpile. The five-year base contract award is worth approximately $435 million, and the BARDA Contract also includes various options to be exercised at BARDAs discretion. As originally issued, the BARDA Contract included an option for the purchase of up to 12 million additional courses of ST-246; however, following a protest by a competitor of the Company, BARDA issued a contract modification on June 24, 2011 pursuant to which it deleted the option to purchase the additional courses. Under the BARDA Contract as modified, BARDA has agreed to buy from SIGA 17 million courses of ST-246. Additionally, SIGA will contribute to BARDA 300,000 courses manufactured using federal funds provided by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services HHS under prior development contracts. The BARDA Contract as modified also contains options that will permit SIGA to continue its work on pediatric and geriatric versions of the drug as well as use ST-246 for smallpox prophylaxis. As described in Note 11, the amount of profits SIGA is likely to retain pursuant to the BARDA Contract is dependent upon resolution of a pending dispute.In the fourth quarter of 2011, SIGA received approximately $41 million as advance payments under the BARDA Contract. The terms of the BARDA Contract require that the Company meets various performance conditions and delivery requirements collectively, the Conditions. The advance payments are refundable if SIGA fails to fulfill the Conditions. These amounts are recorded as deferred revenue as of December 31, 2011. In accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, the Company will not be able to recognize revenue under the BARDA Contract until the Conditions have been satisfied. Direct costs incurred by the Company to fulfill the requirements under the BARDA Contract are being deferred and will be recognized as an expense as the related revenue is recognized. As of December 31, 2011, deferred direct costs under the BARDA Contract of approximately $250,000 are included in non-current other assets.Research AgreementsThe Company obtains funding from the Grants it obtains from NIH and BARDA to support its research and development activities. Currently, the Company has four active Grants with varying expiration dates through July 2016 that provide for potential future aggregate research and development funding for specific projects of approximately $253 million. This amount includes, among other things, options that may or may not be exercised at the U.S. governments discretion. The Grants contain customary terms and conditions including the U.S. Governments right to terminate a grant for convenience4.Stockholders EquityOn December 31, 2011, the Companys authorized share capital consisted of 110,000,000 shares, of which 100,000,000 are designated common shares and 10,000,000 are designated preferred shares. The Companys Board of Directors is authorized to issue preferred shares in series with rights, privileges and qualifications of each series determined by the Board2009 FinancingOn December 9, 2009, the Company entered into Subscription Agreements for the sale of 2,725,339 shares of the Companys common stock, par value $00001 per share, at a purchase price of $735 per share. Net proceeds to the Company were approximately $186 million2008 FinancingOn June 19, 2008, SIGA entered into a letter agreement as amended, the Letter Agreement that expired on June 19, 2010, with MacAndrews Forbes LLC MF, a related party, for MFs commitment to invest, at SIGAs discretion or at MFs option, up to $8 million in exchange for i SIGA common stock and ii warrants to purchase 40% of the number of SIGA shares acquired by MF. On June 18, 2010, MF notified SIGA of its intention to exercise its right to invest $55 million, the remaining amount available under the Letter Agreement following earlier investments and entered into a Deferred Closing and Registration Rights 47Table of ContentsAgreement dated as of June 18, 2010 with the Company. On July 26, 2010, upon satisfaction of certain customary closing conditions, including the expiration of the applicable waiting period pursuant to the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, MF funded the $55 million purchase price to SIGA in exchange for the issuance of i 1,797,386 shares of common stock and ii warrants to purchase 718,954 shares of SIGA common stock at an exercise price of $3519 per share. The number of shares issuable pursuant to the warrants granted under the Letter Agreement, as well as the exercise price of those warrants, may be subject to adjustment as a result of the effect of future equity issuances on certain anti-dilution provisions in the related warrant agreements.In 2009, SIGA issued to MF 816,993 shares of common stock and 326,797 warrants to acquire common stock in exchange for total proceeds of $25 million. The warrants are exercisable for a term of four years from issuance for an exercise price of $3519 per share. The number of shares issuable pursuant to the warrants granted under the Letter Agreement, as well as the exercise price of those warrants, may be subject to adjustment as a result of the effect of future equity issuances on certain anti-dilution provisions in the warrant agreements.In addition and in consideration for the commitment of MF reflected in the Letter Agreement, on June 19, 2008, MF received warrants to purchase 238,000 shares of SIGA common stock, initially exercisable at $306 the Commitment Warrants. The number of shares issuable pursuant to the warrants granted under the Letter Agreement, as well as the exercise price of those warrants, may be subject to adjustment as a result of the effect of future equity issuances on certain anti-dilution provisions in the Letter Agreement. The Commitment Warrants are exercisable until June 19, 2012. The Company initially recorded all costs related to the Letter Agreement, including the fair value of the Commitment Warrants, as deferred transaction costs. Upon the issuance of common stock and warrants to purchase shares of common stock on April 30, 2009, the Company recorded a reduction in its additional paid-in capital for the effect of the related transaction costs.The Company determined that the warrants potentially issuable to MF under the Letter Agreement were not indexed to the Companys own stock prior to their issuance in accordance with the authoritative guidance. As a result, warrants potentially issuable under the Letter Agreement met the definition of a derivative and were recorded as a liability on the Companys balance sheet also refer to Cumulative Effect of Changes in Accounting Principle in Note 2. Management determined that, upon issuance, the warrants do not meet the definition of a derivative and, consequently, the warrants are reflected as equity at December 31, 2010. The Company recorded a loss of $11 million for the year ended December 31, 2010 representing the increase in the fair value of the warrants from January 1, 2010 through the date of issuance2006 and 2005 PlacementsIn 2006 and 2005 the Company sold shares of its common stock and warrants to purchase shares of common stock. In 2006, the Company issued 1,000,000 warrants with an initial exercise price of $499 per share the 2006 Warrants. In 2005, the Company issued 1,000,000 warrants with an initial exercise price of $118 per share the 2005 Warrants. As of December 31, 2010, all of the 2005 Warrants have been exercised and issued. The 2006 Warrants may be exercised through and including October 19, 2013. Due to the effect of certain anti-dilution provisions in such warrants, the Company adjusted the number of shares issuable under the 2006 Warrants by 706,302 through December 31, 2011. The exercise prices of the warrants issued in these placements were also adjusted. At December 31, 2011, 815,568 of the 2006 Warrants at an exercise price of $292 were outstanding. The number of shares issuable pursuant to the Warrants may be subject to further adjustment as a result of the effect of future equity issuances on anti-dilution provisions in the related warrant agreements.The Company accounted for the 2006 and 2005 Warrants in accordance with the authoritative guidance which requires that free-standing derivative financial instruments that require net cash settlement be classified as assets or liabilities at the time of the transaction, and recorded at their fair value. Any changes in the fair value of the derivative instruments are reported in earnings or loss as long as the derivative contracts are classified as assets or liabilities. At December 31, 2011, the fair market value of the 2006 Warrants was $623,000. The Company applied the Black-Scholes model to calculate the fair values of the respective derivative instruments using the contractual term of the warrants. Management estimates the expected volatility using a combination of the Companys historical volatility and the volatility of a group of comparable companies. For the year ended December 31, 2011, the Company recorded a gain of $89 millionas a result of a net decrease in fair value in the 2006 Warrants48Table of Contents5. Comprehensive IncomeComprehensive income includes net loss adjusted for the change in net unrealized gain loss on short-term investments. For the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, the components of comprehensive income were:Year Ended December 31,20112010Net income  loss gain on securities4,0674,067Total comprehensive income  Compensation PlansIn May 2010, the Company adopted its 2010 Stock Incentive Plan the 2010 Plan, as amended in February 2012, to supersede its 1996 Incentive and Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan the 1996 Plan. The 2010 Plan provides for the granting of up to 2,000,000 shares of the Companys common stock to employees, consultants and outside directors of the Company. The awards that may be provided under the 2010 Plan include: incentive stock options ISOs; nonqualified stock options; stock appreciation rights; restricted stock units; shares of restricted stock; and shares of unrestricted stock.Stock option awards provide holders the right to purchase shares of Common Stock at prices determined by the Compensation Committee but must have an exercise price equal to or in excess of the fair market value of the Companys common stock at the date of grant. The vesting period for options granted under the 2010 Plan, except those granted to outside directors, is determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. The Compensation Committee also determines the expiration date of each equity award, however, ISOs may not be exercisable more than ten years after the date of grant. The maximum term of equity awards issued under the 2010 Plan is ten years.The fair value of option grants were estimated at the date of grant during the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010, and 2009 based upon the following weighted average   dividend yield Risk-free interest rate194%216%221%Expected life6 years5 years5 yearsExpected volatility has been estimated using a combination of the Companys historical volatility and the historical volatility of a group of comparable companies, both using historical periods equivalent to the options expected lives. The expected dividend yield assumption is based on the Companys intent not to issue a dividend in the foreseeable future. The risk-free interest rate assumption is based upon observed interest rates for securities with maturities approximating the options expected lives. The expected life was estimated based on historical experience and expectation of employee exercise behavior in the future giving consideration to the contractual terms of the award.For the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010, and 2009, the Company recorded compensation expense of $125 million, $15 million and $21 million, respectively, related to employees and directors equity awards. The total fair value of stock options vested during each year was $25 million, $15 million and $14 million for 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively. The total fair value of restricted stock and restricted stock units vested during the year-ended December 31, 2011 was $100 million; there were no grants of restricted stock or restricted stock units in previous years. The weighted-average grant-date fair value of awards granted was $1170, $495 and $429 for 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively49Table of ContentsA summary of the stock option activity under the 2010 and 1996 Plans is as follows:Number ofOptionsWeightedAverage  Lifein yearsAggregateIntrinsic Valuein thousandsOutstanding at January 1,  at December 31,  and expected to vest at December 31,  at December 31,  of December31, 2011, $15 million of total remaining unrecognized stock-based compensation cost related to stock options is expected to be recognized over the weighted-average remaining requisite service period of 155 years. The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised was $315,000, $196 million and $70 million for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively. The intrinsic value represents the amount by which the market price of the underlying stock exceeds the exercise price of an option.As of December31, 2011and 2010, 500,000 of the Companys outstanding options, respectively, were subject to specific performance conditions which included revenue thresholds and regulatory approval of our lead drug candidate. These options are not exercisable at December 31, 2011.During 2011, the Company granted 700,000 shares of restricted stock and restricted stock units at a weighted-average grant-date fair value of $1426. All such shares were vested during 2011.The following table summarizes information about warrants outstanding at December 31, 2011:Number ofWarrantsWeighted AverageExercise PriceOutstanding at January 1,  / ExpiredOutstanding at December 31, 20112,311,852$326Warrants represent the right to purchase shares of Common Stock at contractual exercise prices. As of December 31, 2011, all outstanding warrants are exercisable7.Related Party TransactionsOn December 1, 2009, the Company entered into an Office Service Agreement with an affiliate of MF to occupy office space for approximately $8,000 per month. The agreement is cancelable upon 60 days notice by SIGA or the affiliate. In June 2011, the Office Services Agreement was amended due to expanded use of space by the Company. This amendment increase the Company monthly payment to $11,000 per month. During the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, the Company incurred costs of $115,000 and $100,000 under the Office Services Agreement. An amendment in February 2012 increased the monthly payment to $12,000 to appropriately reflect expanded use of space.A member of the Companys Board of Directors is a member of the Companys outside counsel. During the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010, and 2009, the Company incurred costs of $31 million, $27 million and $18 million, respectively, related to services provided by the outside counsel. On December 31, 2011, the Companys outstanding payables included $301,000 payable to the outside counsel50Table of Contents8.Property, Plant and EquipmentProperty, plant and equipment consisted of the following at December 31, 2011 and 2010:20112010Laboratory    and  - accumulated  plant and equipment,  ExpensesAccrued expenses and other current liabilities consisted of the following at December 31, 2011 and   expenses and other current  TaxesAt December 31, 2011 and 2010, the Companys deferred tax assets and liabilities are comprised of the following:20112010Deferred income tax assets:Net operating  research and development  of intangible   income tax  valuation  income tax assets, net of valuation allowance$36,060,176$Deferred income tax liabilities:Amortization of  income tax assets liabilities, net$35,876,803$175,175As of December 31, 2011, we generated federal net operating loss carryforwards of $906 million to offset future taxable income. In 2011, approximately $09 million of previously available NOLs expired and approximately $12 million expires in 2012 if not utilized, with the remainder expiring in various years between 2018 and 2031. As a result of a previous change in stock ownership, the annual utilization of the net operating loss carryforwards for years prior to 2004 may be subject to limitation. In addition, we have $700,000 of federal net operating loss carryforwards attributable to the excess tax deductions on stock option activity that will be realized as a benefit to Additional Paid-in Capital when they reduce income taxes payable.The recognition of a valuation allowance for deferred taxes requires management to make estimates and judgments about the 51Table of ContentsCompanys future profitability which are inherently uncertain. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. During the year ended December 31, 2011, the Company recorded an income tax benefit of $360 million primarily due to a partial reduction of its valuation allowance as a significant portion of its deferred tax assets became realizable on a more-likely-than-not basis as a result of the execution of the BARDA Contract and the resulting forecasts of pre-tax earnings. The Company maintains a valuation allowance of $46 million with respect to certain net operating losses and other deferred tax assets which may expire prior to realization. If the current estimates of future taxable income are reduced or not realized, for example, based on the ultimate outcome of the pending dispute described in Note 11, the Companys assessment regarding the realization of deferred tax assets could change. Future changes in the estimated amount of deferred taxes expected to be realized will be reflected in the Companys financial statements in the period the estimate is changed with a corresponding adjustment to operating results. Changes in estimates may occur often and can have a significant favorable or unfavorable impact on the Companys operating results from period to period. The Companys effective tax rate differs from the U.S. Federal Statutory income tax rate of 35% as follows:20112010Statutory federal income tax rate35%34%State tax benefit%2%Loss from fair value of common warrants14%19%Share-based  allowance on deferred tax assets120%14%Effective tax rate161%1%For the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, the Companys effective tax rate differs from the federal statutory rate principally due to the partial reversal of its valuation allowance, net operating losses and other differences for which no benefit was recorded, state taxes and other permanent differences. For all years presented, the current year provision was not material.Other Income, net, for the year ended December 31, 2010, includes $648,000 awarded to the Company under the U.S. Governments Qualified Discovery Tax Credit program11.Commitments and ContingenciesOperating lease commitmentsThe Company leases its Corvallis, Oregon, facilities and office space under an operating lease which was amended in 2011 and expires in 2017. This lease contains annual escalation clauses, renewal provisions and generally requires us to pay utilities, insurance, taxes and other operating expenses. Future minimum rental commitments under non-cancelable operating leases as of December 31, 2011 are expected to be as  expense, including charges for maintenance utilities, real estate taxes and other operating expenses, totaled $827,000, $737,000 and $629,000 for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively52Table of ContentsOtherIn December 2006, PharmAthene, Inc. PharmAthene filed an action against us in the Delaware Court of Chancery captioned PharmAthene, Inc. v. SIGA Technologies, Inc., C.A. No. 2627-N. In its amended complaint, PharmAthene asks the Court to demand SIGA enter into a license agreement with PharmAthene with respect to ST-246, as well as issue a declaration that SIGA is obliged to execute such a license agreement, and award damages resulting from SIGAs supposed breach of that obligation. PharmAthene also alleges that SIGA breached an obligation to negotiate such a license agreement in good faith, as well as seeks damages for promissory estoppel and unjust enrichment based on supposed information, capital and assistance that PharmAthene allegedly provided to SIGA during the negotiation process. A trial was held on PharmAthenes claims in January 2011. In September 2011, the Court of Chancery issued its post-trial opinion. The Court denied PharmAthenes requests for specific performance and expectation damages measured by the present value of estimated future profits. However, the Court held that SIGA breached its duty to negotiate in good faith and was liable under the doctrine of promissory estoppel. The Court consequently awarded to PharmAthene what the Court described asan equitable payment stream or equitable lien consisting of fifty percent of the net profits that SIGA achieves from sales of ST-246 after SIGA secures the first $40 million in net profits, for ten years following the first commercial sale. In addition, PharmAthene was awarded one-third of its reasonable attorney fees and expert witness expenses.Based on certain documents provided to the Court by PharmAthene in January 2012, SIGA recorded a loss contingency of approximately $20 million for such attorney fees and expert witness expenses as part of its accrued expenses as of December 31, 2011. The difference between the amount accrued and PharmAthenes request for $27 million relates to amounts currently in dispute.SIGA filed a motion for reargument in October 2011, requesting that the Court vacate its award of an equitable payment stream or equitable lien. In December 2011, the Court denied SIGAs motion.The timing and amount of payments to be made pursuant to the Courts September 2011 ruling remain uncertain. Determination of these matters requires both clarification as to the application of the Courts post-trial ruling and the timing and amount of payments to SIGA for sales of ST-246. Thus, the Company is unable to estimate a range of loss that may result from implementation of the Courts post-trial ruling with respect to ST-246 sales, although this ruling is likely to have a materially adverse impact unless the Company is successful in any subsequent appeal of the Courts final judgment. The Company cannot assure the success of any such appeal.From time to time, the Company is involved in disputes or legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. The Company believes that there is no dispute or litigation pending, except as discussed above, that could have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on its financial position, results of operations or cash flows53Table of Contents12.Financial Information By Quarter UnauditedThree Months Ended2011March 31June 30September 30December 31in thousands, except for per share  general and  and  preparation fees342413482571Operating  income  loss per share:  loss per share:  price range for common  Months Ended2010March 31June 30September 30December 31in thousands, except for per share  general and  and  preparation fees320306235288Operating   loss per share: basic and  price range for common  of ContentsItem 1.Business2Item! 1A.Risk Factors10Item 1B.Unresolved Staff Comments26Item 2.Properties26Item 3.Legal Proceedings26Item! 4.Mine Safety Disclosures27PART IIItem 5. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and ProceduresOur management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2011. The term disclosure controls and procedures is defined in Rules 13a-15e and 15d-15e under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. Management recognizes that any disclosure controls and procedures no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures.Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Office and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2011 at a reasonable level of assurance. Managements Report on Internal Control over Financial ReportingManagement is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15f or Rule 15d-15f of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements prepared for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:a.pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and disposition of the Companys assets;b.provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the directors of the Company; andc.provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Companys assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Companys internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2011. In making this evaluation, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission the COSO in Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Based on this evaluation using the COSO criteria, management concluded that the Companys internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2011.The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2011 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein. Changes in Internal Control over Financial ReportingThere has been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2011 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting.Item 9B. Other InformationNone55Table of ContentsPART III