ITEM8.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA The information called for by this Item is contained in a separate section of this Annual Report. See Index of Financial Statements page F-1. 
- 26 Table of Contents Item1B.
UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. 
- 8 Table of Contents Item2.
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. We maintain a system of disclosure controls and procedures. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined by regulations of
the SEC, means controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit to the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended the Act, is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SECs rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit to the SEC under the Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including its principal executive officer and its principal financial officer, or persons performing similar
functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions to be made regarding required disclosure. Each of David A. Bowers, our Vice Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Darryl R. Halbert, our Vice President, Chief Financial
Officer and Controller, have evaluated our disclosure controls and procedures as of December31, 2012011es. As of December 31, 2011r with the loss on the sale of the Byron Center facility as of December e completion of the disp. Based upon
their evaluation, these executive officers have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of the date of such evaluation. Scope of Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. We also maintain a system of internal control over financial reporting. The term internal control over financial
reporting, as defined by regulations of the SEC, means a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by our board of
directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America GAAP, and includes those policies and procedures that:  Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets.
Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and
that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and  Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have
a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. Section404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, requires us to include a management report on internal control over financial reporting in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December31, 2012. Under the rules of the SEC, our independent registered
public accounting firm is not required to, and therefore has not, audited our internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2012. Managements Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such
term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15f. Our evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting 
- 27 Table of Contents
is based upon the framework established in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission commonly referred to
as the COSO framework. Based on our evaluation under that framework, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December31, 2012. 
This annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal
control over financial reporting. Managements report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only managements report in this annual report. See
Scope of Managements Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting above. Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. There has been no change to our system of internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December31, 2012 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, our system of internal control over financial reporting. Certifications. Our chief executive
officer and chief financial officer are required to, among other things, quarterly file a certification with the SEC regarding the quality of our public disclosures, as required by Section302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. We have filed
the certifications for the quarter ended December31, 2012 as exhibits 311 and 312 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  Item1B.
UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. 
- 8 Table of Contents Item2.
DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days
after the end of the fiscal year covered by this report Proxy Statement.  Item1B.
UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. 
- 8 Table of Contents Item2.
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement. 