ITEM8.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA  Except for the report of the Companys independent auditors, which is set forth below, the consolidated financial statements and notes appear on
pages 31 through 46. Quarterly financial data appears in Item 6.  REPORT OF
INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  To the Board of Directors
and Shareholders of Featherlite, Inc.:  We have audited the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets of Featherlite, Inc. and subsidiaries the Company as of December 31, 2004 and 2003, and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders investment and comprehensive income and cash
flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2004. Our audits also included the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at . These financial statements and financial statement schedule are the responsibility of
the Companys management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the financial statements and financial statement schedules based on our audits.  We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Companys internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of Featherlite, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2004 and 2003, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2004, in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, such financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly in all
material respects the information set forth therein.  s/ Deloitte Touche LLP Minneapolis, Minnesota
March 29, 2005
27 Item 1 Business
3
Item 2 Properties
15
Item 3 Legal Proceedings
16
Item 4 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
16
Item4A Executive Officers of the Registrant
17 PARTII Item 5.
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  a Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures. After evaluating the effectiveness of the Companys disclosure controls and
procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15b of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 the Exchange Act as of the end of the period covered by this annual report, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, with the participation of
the Companys management, have concluded that the Companys disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information that is required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files under the Exchange Act is
recorded, processed summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission.  b Changes in internal controls. There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this
annual report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Companys control over financial reporting.  PART III  