Item 8.Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.Tupperware Brands CorporationConsolidated Statements of Income Year EndedIn millions, except per share amountsDecember26, 2015December27, 2014December28, 2013Net  of products sold744488408898Gross  sales and administrative  and impairment charges20311093Gains on disposal of assets1372707Operating income315236774035Interest income243026Interest expense476465402Other expense10126055Income before income taxes259929823604Provision for income taxes741838862Net income$1858$2144$2742Basic earnings per common share$372$428$528Diluted earnings per common share$369$420$517The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 43Tupperware Brands Corporation Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive IncomeYear EndedIn millionsDecember26, 2015December27, 2014December28, 2013Net income$1858$2144$2742Other comprehensive income loss:Foreign currency translation  gain loss on cash flow hedges, net of tax benefit provision of $11, $13 and $08,  and other post-retirement income costs, net of tax benefit provision of $62, $47 and $93,  comprehensive income  comprehensive income$725$1225$2287The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 44Tupperware Brands CorporationConsolidated Balance SheetsIn millions, except share amountsDecember26, 2015December27, 2014ASSETSCash and cash equivalents$798$770Accounts receivable, less allowances of $327 and $345,  amounts receivable, net455618Prepaid expenses and other current assets279216Total current assets55056345Deferred income tax benefits, net52495253Property, plant and equipment, net25362903Long-term receivables, less allowances of $112 and $131, respectively 132173Tradenames, net8271042Other intangible assets, net15Goodwill14631647Other assets, net270320Total  AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITYAccounts payable$1267$1428Short-term borrowings and current portion of long-term debt and capital lease obligations16252214Accrued liabilities32483753Total current  debt and capital lease obligations60826121Other  equity:Preferred stock, $001 par value, 200,000,000 shares authorized; none issuedCommon stock, $001 par value, 600,000,000 shares authorized; 63,607,090 shares issued0606Paid-in capital20551907Retained  stock, 13,170,517 and 13,924,568 shares, respectively, at cost89439450Accumulated other comprehensive loss52204087Total shareholders' equity16101858Total liabilities and shareholders' equity$1,5982$1,7698The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements45Tupperware Brands CorporationConsolidated Statements of Shareholders' EquityCommon StockTreasury StockPaid-In CapitalRetained EarningsAccumulated Other Comprehensive LossTotal Shareholders' EquityIn millions, except per share   income27422742Other comprehensive income455455Cash dividends declared $248 per  of common stock4637493749Income tax benefit from stock and option awards145145Stock and options issued for incentive   income21442144Other comprehensive loss919919Cash dividends declared $272 per  of common stock12843843Income tax benefit from stock and option awards6363Stock and options issued for incentive   income18581858Other comprehensive loss11331133Cash dividends declared $272 per  of common stockIncome tax benefit from stock and option awards6060Stock and options issued for incentive   accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements46Tupperware Brands CorporationConsolidated Statements of Cash FlowYear EndedIn millionsDecember26, 2015December27, 2014December28, 2013Operating Activities:Net  to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:Depreciation and   foreign exchange losses7229225Amortization and write-off of deferred debt costs080607Premium on senior notes63Net gains on disposal of assets, including insurance  for bad debts128135118Write-down of  impact of impairment costs and re-engineering13516Net change in deferred income taxes452599296Excess tax benefits from share-based payment  in assets and liabilities:Accounts and notes  amounts  expenses802832Other assets471128Accounts payable and accrued liabilities114255157Income taxes payable2524978Other liabilities518446Net cash impact from hedging  cash provided by operating  Activities:Capital  from disposal of property, plant and equipment1807189Net cash used in investing  Activities:Dividend payments to  proceeds from issuance of senior notes2000Proceeds from exercise of stock options161157210Repurchase of common  of long-term debt and capital lease obligations263025Net change in short-term debt36422278Debt issuance costs0722Excess tax benefits from share-based payment arrangements6063145Net cash used in financing  of exchange rate changes on cash and cash  change in cash and cash equivalents2850375Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year77012731198Cash and cash equivalents at end of year$798$770$1273The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 47Notes to the Consolidated Financial StatementsNote 1:Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Principles of Consolidation.The Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of Tupperware Brands Corporation and all of its subsidiaries Tupperware Brands or the Company. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. The Companys fiscal year ends on the last Saturday of December and included 52 weeks during 2015, 2014 and 2013. Its 2016 fiscal year will include 53 weeks.Use of Estimates.The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates.Cash and Cash Equivalents.The Company considers all highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. As of December26, 2015and December27, 2014, $74 millionand $159 million, respectively, of the cash and cash equivalents included on the Consolidated Balance Sheets were held in the form of time deposits, certificates of deposit or similar instruments.Allowance for Doubtful Accounts. The Company maintains current receivable amounts with most of its independent distributors and sales force in certain markets. It also maintains long-term receivable amounts with certain of these customers. The Company regularly monitors and assesses its risk of not collecting amounts owed to it by customers. This evaluation is based upon an analysis of amounts current and past due, along with relevant history and facts particular to the customer. It is also based upon estimates of distributor business prospects, particularly related to the evaluation of the recoverability of long-term amounts due. This evaluation is performed market by market and account by account, based upon historical experience, market penetration levels and similar factors. It also considers collateral of the customer that could be recovered to satisfy debts. The Company records its allowance for doubtful accounts based on the results of this analysis. The analysis requires the Company to make significant estimates and as such, changes in facts and circumstances could result in material changes in the allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company considers any receivable balance not collected within its contractual terms past due.Inventories. Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market on a first-in, first-out basis. Inventory cost includes cost of raw material, labor and overhead. The Company writes down its inventory for obsolescence or unmarketability in an amount equal to the difference between the cost of the inventory and estimated market value based upon expected future demand and pricing. The demand and pricing is estimated based upon the historical success of product lines as well as the projected success of promotional programs, new product introductions and new markets or distribution channels. The Company prepares projections of demand and pricing on an item by item basis for all of its products. If inventory on hand exceeds projected demand or the expected market value is less than the carrying value, the excess is written down to its net realizable value. However, if actual demand or the estimate of market decreases, additional write-downs would be required.Internal Use Software Development Costs.The Company capitalizes internal use software development costs as they are incurred and amortizes such costs over their estimated useful lives of three to five years, beginning when the software is placed in service. Net unamortized costs of such amounts included in property, plant and equipment were $201 millionand $149 millionat December26, 2015and December27, 2014, respectively. Amortization cost related to internal use software development costs totaled $57 million, $44 millionand $45 millionin 2015, 2014and 2013, respectively48Property, Plant and Equipment.Property, plant and equipment is initially stated at cost. Depreciation is recorded on a straight-line basis over the following estimated useful lives of the assets: YearsBuilding and improvements10 - 40Molds4 - 10Production equipment10 - 20Distribution equipment5 - 10Computer/telecom equipment3 - 5Capitalized software3 - 5Depreciation expense was $465 million, $473 millionand $455 millionin 2015, 2014and 2013, respectively. The Company considers the need for an impairment review when events occur that indicate that the book value of a long-lived asset may exceed its recoverable value. Upon the sale or retirement of property, plant and equipment, a gain or loss is recognized equal to the difference between sales price and net book value. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to cost of products sold or delivery, sales and administrative DSA expense, depending on the asset to which the expenditure relates.Goodwill.The Company recorded goodwill relates primarily to the December 2005 acquisition of the direct-to-consumer businesses of Sara Lee Corporation. The Company does not amortize its goodwill. Instead, the Company performs an annual assessment during the third quarter of each year to evaluate the assets in each of its reporting units for impairment, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that a triggering event for an impairment evaluation has occurred.The annual process for evaluating goodwill begins with an assessment for each entity of qualitative factors to determine whether the two-step goodwill impairment evaluation is appropriate. The qualitative factors evaluated by the Company include: macro-economic conditions of the local business environment, overall financial performance, sensitivity analysis from the most recent step 1 fair value evaluation step 1, as prescribed under ASC 350, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other, and other entity specific factors as deemed appropriate. When the Company determines the two-step goodwill impairment evaluation is appropriate, the step 1 involves comparing the fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying amount, including goodwill, after any long-lived asset impairment charges. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, a second step is performed to determine whether there is a goodwill impairment, and if so, its amount. This step revalues all assets and liabilities of the reporting unit to their current fair value and then compares the implied fair value of the reporting unit goodwill to the carrying amount of that goodwill. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of the goodwill, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the excess.When a determination of fair value of the Company reporting units is necessary, it is determined by using either theincome approach or a combination of the income and market approaches, with generally a greater weighting on the income approach 75 percent. The income approach, or discounted cash flow approach, requires significant assumptions to estimate the fair value of each reporting unit. These include assumptions regarding future operations and the ability to generate cash flows including projections of revenue, costs, utilization of assets and capital requirements, along with an appropriate discount rates to be used. Goodwill is further discussed in Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.Intangible Assets. Intangible assets are recorded at their fair market values at the date of acquisition and definite-lived intangibles are amortized over their estimated useful lives.The intangible assets included in the Company Consolidated Financial Statements at December26, 2015and December27, 2014were related to the acquisition of the Sara Lee direct-to-consumer businesses in December 2005. The weighted average estimated useful lives of the Company intangible assets were as follows:Weighted Average Estimated Useful LifeIndefinite-lived  tradenames10 yearsSales force relationships6 - 10 years49The Company indefinite-lived tradename intangible assets are evaluated for impairment annually similarly to goodwill. The annual process for assessing the carrying value of indefinite-lived tradename intangible assets begins with a qualitative assessment that is similar to the assessment performed for goodwill. When the Company determines it is appropriate, the quantitative impairment evaluation for the Company indefinite-lived tradenames involves comparing the estimated fair value of the assets to the carrying amounts, to determine if fair value is lower and a write-down required. If the carrying amount of a tradename exceeds its estimated fair value, an impairment charge is recognized in an amount equal to the excess. The fair value of these assets is determined using the relief from royalty method, which is a form of the income approach. In this method, the value of the asset is calculated by selecting royalty rates, which estimate the amount a company would be willing to pay for the use of the asset. These rates are applied to the Company projected revenue, tax affected and discounted to present value using an appropriate rate. The Company definite-lived intangible assets consist of the value of the acquired independent sales forces, as well as the Fuller tradename since August 2013. The Fuller tradename is being amortized over the period that it is estimated that the tradename will contribute directly to the Company revenue. The sales force relationships have been fully amortized as of the end of 2015. Definite-lived intangible assets are reviewed for impairment in a similar manner as property, plant and equipment as discussed above. Amortization related to definite-lived intangible assets is included in DSA on the Consolidated Statements of Income. Intangible assets are further discussed in Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.Promotional and Other Accruals. The Company frequently makes promotional offers to members of its independent sales force to encourage them to fulfill specific goals or targets for sales levels, party attendance, additions of new sales force members or other business-critical functions. The awards offered are in the form of product awards, special prizes or trips. Programs are generally designed to recognize sales force members for achieving a primary objective.An example is to reward the independent sales force for holding a certain number of group demonstrations.In this situation, the Company offers a prize to sales force members that achieve the targeted number of group demonstrations over a specified period.The period runs from a couple of weeks to several months.The prizes are generally graded, in that meeting one level may result in receiving a piece of jewelry, with higher achievement resulting in more valuable prizes such as a television set or a trip. Similar programs are designed to reward current sales force members who reach certain goals by promoting them to a higher level in the organization where their earning opportunity would be expanded, and they would take on additional responsibilities for adding new sales force members and providing training and motivation to new and existing sales force members.Other business drivers, such as scheduling group demonstrations, increasing the number of sales force members, holding group demonstrations or increasing end consumer attendance at group demonstrations, may also be the focus of a program. The Company also offers commissions for achieving targeted sales levels.These types of awards are generally based upon the sales achievement of at least a mid-level member of the sales force and her or his down-line members.The down-line consists of those sales force members that have been directly added to the sales force by a given sales force member, as well as those added by her or his down-line member.In this manner, sales force members can build an extensive organization over time if they are committed to adding and developing their units.In addition to the commission, the positive performance of a unit may also entitle its leader to the use of a company-provided vehicle and in some cases, the permanent awarding of a vehicle. Similar to the prize programs noted earlier, these programs generally offer varying levels of vehicles that are dependent upon performance. The Company accrues for the costs of these awards during the period over which the sales force qualifies for the award and reports these costs primarily as a component of DSA expense. These accruals require estimates as to the cost of the awards, based upon estimates of achievement and actual cost to be incurred. During the qualification period, actual results are monitored and changes to the original estimates are made when known. Promotional and other sales force compensation expenses included in DSA expense totaled $3787 million, $4301 millionand $4459 millionin 2015, 2014and 2013, respectively.Like promotional accruals, other accruals are recorded over the time period that a liability is incurred and is both probable and reasonably estimable. Adjustments to amounts previously accrued are made when changes occur in the facts and circumstances that generated the accrual50Revenue Recognition. Revenue is recognized when the price is fixed, the title and risks and rewards of ownership have passed to the customer who, in most cases, is one of the Companys independent distributors or a member of its independent sales force, and when collection is reasonably assured. Depending on the contractual arrangements for each business, revenue is recognized upon either delivery or shipment, which is when title and risk and rewards of ownership have passed to the customer. When revenue is recorded, estimates of returns are made and recorded as a reduction of revenue. Discounts earned based on promotional programs in place, volume of purchases or other factors are also estimated at the time of revenue recognition and recorded as a reduction of that revenue.Shipping and Handling Costs. The cost of products sold line item includes costs related to the purchase and manufacture of goods sold by the Company. Among these costs are inbound freight charges, duties, purchasing and receiving costs, inspection costs, depreciation expense, internal transfer costs and warehousing costs of raw material, work in process and packing materials. The warehousing and distribution costs of finished goods are included in DSA expense. Distribution costs are comprised of outbound freight and associated labor costs. Fees billed to customers associated with the distribution of products are classified as revenue. The distribution costs included in DSA expense in 2015, 2014and 2013were $1393 million, $1566 millionand $1567 million, respectively.Advertising and Research and Development Costs.Advertising and research and development costs are charged to expense as incurred. Advertising expense totaled $134 million, $199 millionand $257 millionin2015, 2014and 2013, respectively. Research and development costs totaled $181 million, $193 millionand $200 million, in 2015, 2014and 2013, respectively. Research and development expenses primarily include salaries, contractor costs and facility costs. Both advertising and research and development costs are included in DSA expense.Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation. The Company has several stock-based employee and director compensation plans, which are described more fully in Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Compensation cost for share-based awards is recorded on a straight line basis over the required service period, based on the fair value of the award. The fair value of the stock option grants is estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, which requires assumptions, including dividend yield, risk-free interest rate, the estimated length of time employees will retain their stock options before exercising them expected term and the estimated volatility of the Company common stock price over the expected term. These assumptions are generally based on historical averages of the Company. Furthermore, in calculating compensation expense for these awards, the Company is also required to estimate the extent to which options will be forfeited prior to vesting. Many factors are considered when estimating expected forfeitures, including types of awards, employee class and historical experience. To the extent actual results or updated estimates of forfeiture differ from current estimates, such amounts are recorded as a cumulative adjustment to the previously recorded amounts. Compensation expense associated with restricted stock, restricted stock units and performance-vested share awards is equal to the market value of the Company common stock on the date of grant and is recorded pro rata over the required service period. The fair value of market-vested awards is based on a Monte-Carlo simulation that estimates the fair value based on the Company share price activity between the beginning of the year and the grant date relative to a defined comparative group of companies, expected term of the award, risk-free interest rate, expected dividends, and the expected volatility of the stock of the Company and those in the comparative group. For those awards with performance vesting criteria, the expense is recorded based on an assessment of achieving the criteria. The grant date fair value per share of market-vested awards already reflects the probability of achieving the market condition, and is therefore used to record expense straight line over the performance period regardless of actual achievement51The Company reports as a financing cash flow the tax benefits from share-based payment arrangements. For 2015, 2014and 2013, the Company generated $60 million, $63 millionand $145 millionof excess tax benefits, respectively.Accounting for Asset Retirement Obligations.Asset retirement obligations refer to the Company legal obligation to perform an asset retirement activity in which the timing and or method of settlement are conditional on a future event that may or may not be within its control.The obligation to perform the asset retirement activity is considered unconditional even when uncertainty exists about the timing and or method of settlement.Thus, the timing and or method of settlement may be conditional on a future event.Accordingly, the Company recognizes a liability for the fair value of a conditional asset retirement obligation if the fair value of the liability can be reasonably estimated.The fair value of a liability for the conditional asset retirement obligation is recognized when incurred-generally upon acquisition, construction, or development and or through the normal operation of the asset.Uncertainty about the timing and or method of settlement of a conditional asset retirement obligation is factored into the measurement of the liability when sufficient information exists. The Company has recognized a liability for the fair market value of conditional future obligations associated with environmental issues in the United States that the Company will be required to remedy at some future date, when these assets are retired. The Company performs an annual evaluation of its obligations regarding this matter and records depreciation and costs associated with accretion of the obligation. This was not material in 2015, 2014and 2013, and is not expected to be material in the future.Income Taxes.Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets also are recognized for credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the enacted rates applicable to taxable income in the years in which the temporary differences are expected to reverse and the credits are expected to be used. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. An assessment is made as to whether or not a valuation allowance is required to offset deferred tax assets. This assessment requires estimates as to future operating results, as well as an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company tax planning strategies. These estimates are made on an ongoing basis based upon the Company business plans and growth strategies in each market and consequently, future material changes in the valuation allowance are possible. The Company accounts for uncertain tax positions in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes. This guidance prescribes a minimum probability threshold that a tax position must meet before a financial statement benefit is recognized. The minimum threshold is defined as a tax position that is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by the applicable taxing authority, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefit to be recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Interest and penalties related to tax contingency or settlement items are recorded as a component of the provision for income taxes in the Company Consolidated Statements of Income. The Company records accruals for tax contingencies as a component of accrued liabilities or other long-term liabilities on its balance sheet.Net Income Per Common Share. Basic per share information is calculated by dividing net income by the weighted average number of shares outstanding. Diluted per share information is calculated by also considering the impact of potential common stock on both net income and the weighted average number of shares outstanding. The Company potential common stock consists of employee and director stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units and performance share units. Performance share awards are included in the diluted per share calculation when the performance criteria are achieved. The Company potential common stock is excluded from the basic per share calculation and is included in the diluted per share calculation when doing so would not be anti-dilutive52The elements of the earnings per share computations were as follows:In millions, except per share amounts201520142013Net  shares of common stock outstanding499501519Common equivalent shares:Assumed exercise of dilutive options, restricted shares, restricted stock units and performance share  common and common equivalent shares outstanding504510531Basic earnings per share$372$428$528Diluted earnings per share$369$420$517Shares excluded from the determination of potential common stock because inclusion would have been  Financial Instruments.The Company recognizes in its Consolidated Balance Sheets the asset or liability associated with all derivative instruments and measures those assets and liabilities at fair value. If certain conditions are met, a derivative may be specifically designated as a hedge. The accounting for changes in the value of a derivative accounted for as a hedge depends on the intended use of the derivative and the resulting designation of the hedge exposure. Depending on how the hedge is used and the designation, the gain or loss due to changes in value is reported either in earnings, or initially in other comprehensive income. Gains or losses that are reported in other comprehensive income are eventually recognized in earnings, with the timing of this recognition governed by ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging.The Company uses derivative financial instruments, principally over-the-counter forward exchange contracts with major international financial institutions, to offset the effects of exchange rate changes on net investments in certain foreign subsidiaries, certain forecasted purchases, certain intercompany loan transactions, and certain accounts payable. The Company also uses euro denominated borrowings under its Credit Agreement to hedge a portion of its net investment in foreign subsidiaries. Gains and losses on instruments designated as net equity hedges of net investments in a foreign subsidiary or on intercompany transactions that are permanent in nature are accrued as exchange rates change, and are recognized in shareholders' equity as a component of foreign currency translation adjustments within accumulated other comprehensive loss. Gains and losses on contracts designated as fair value hedges of accounts receivable, accounts payable and non-permanent intercompany transactions are accrued as exchange rates change and are recognized in income. Gains and losses on contracts designated as cash flow hedges of identifiable foreign currency forecasted purchases are deferred and initially included in other comprehensive income. In assessing hedge effectiveness, the Company excludes forward points, which are included as a component of interest expense. See Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.Fair Value Measurements. The Company applies the applicable accounting guidance for fair value measurements. This guidance provides the definition of fair value, describes the method used to appropriately measure fair value in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and outlines fair value disclosure requirements. The fair value hierarchy established under this guidance prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities Level 1 measurement and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs Level 3 measurement. The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are as follows: Level 1 - Quoted prices are available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date. Active markets are those in which transactions for the asset or liability occur in sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis. 53Level 2 - Pricing inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date. Level 2 includes those financial instruments that are valued using models or other valuation methodologies. These models are primarily industry-standard models that consider various assumptions, including quoted prices, time value, volatility factors, and current market and contractual prices for the underlying instruments, as well as other relevant economic measures. Substantially all of these assumptions are observable in the marketplace throughout the full term of the instrument, can be derived from observable data or are supported by observable levels at which transactions are executed in the marketplace. Level 3 - Pricing inputs include significant inputs that are generally less observable from objective sources. These inputs may be used with internally developed methodologies that result in management best estimate of fair value from the perspective of a market participant. The Company does not have any recurring Level 3 fair value measurements.Foreign Currency Translation.Results of operations of foreign subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars using average exchange rates during the year. The assets and liabilities of those subsidiaries, other than those of operations in highly inflationary countries, are translated into U.S. dollars using exchange rates at the balance sheet date. The related translation adjustments are included in accumulated other comprehensive loss. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses, as well as re-measurement of financial statements of subsidiaries in highly inflationary countries, are included in income.Inflation in Venezuela has been at relatively high levels over the past few years. The Company uses a blended index of the Consumer Price Index and National Consumer Price Index for determining highly inflationary status in Venezuela. This blended index reached cumulative three-year inflation in excess of 100 percent at November30, 2009 and as such, the Company transitioned to highly inflationary status at the beginning of its 2010 fiscal year. Gains and losses resulting from the translation of the financial statements of subsidiaries operating in highly inflationary economies are recorded in earnings. The bolivar to U.S. dollar exchange rates used in translating the Companys operating activity were 63in the first quarter of 2014, 108in the second quarter and 500in the second half of 2014 and in January 2015. In February 2015, the Venezuelan government launched an overhaul of its foreign currency exchange structure for obtaining U.S. dollars, introducing the Simadi mechanism. The Company used rates determined under this mechanism of 1720bolivars to the U.S. dollar to translate its February 2015 operating activity and 1900to translate March 2015 operating activity and the end of March balance sheet of Venezuela. The Company used a rate of 1990beginning in May 2015 through the end of 2015. The Company expects to continue to use the Simadi rate to translate future operating activity. In 2015 and 2014, the net expense in connection with re-measuring net monetary assets and recording in cost of sales inventory at the exchange rate when it was purchased or manufactured compared to when it was sold was $149 millionand $424 million, respectively. The amounts related to remeasurement are included in other expense.As of the end of 2015, the Company had approximately $1 millionof net monetary assets in Venezuela, which were of a nature that would generate income or expense associated with future exchange rate fluctuations versus the U.S. dollar. In addition, there was $255 millionin cumulative foreign currency translation losses related to Venezuela included in equity within the consolidated balance sheets.Product Warranty.Tupperware brand products are guaranteed against chipping, cracking, breaking or peeling under normal non-commercial use of the product with certain limitations. The cost of replacing defective products is not material.New Accounting Pronouncements. In May 2014, the FASB issued an amendment to existing guidance regarding revenue from contracts with customers. The amendment outlines a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers. In August 2015, the FASB issued an amendment to defer the effective date by one year to December 15, 2017 for annual reporting periods beginning after that date. The amendment also allows early adoption of the revenue standard, but not before the original effective date of December 15, 2016. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this amendment on its Consolidated Financial Statements54In February 2015, the FASB issued an amendment to existing guidance regarding consolidation for reporting organizations such as limited partnerships and other similar entities that are required to evaluate whether they should consolidate certain legal entities. This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect adoption of this amendment to have an impact on its Consolidated Financial Statements.In April and June 2015, the FASB issued amendments to existing guidance which requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts, while debt issuance costs associated with revolving lines of credit may continue to be deferred assets. The Company adopted these amendments retrospectively effective March 28, 2015. The adoption of this amendment did not have a material impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements.In April 2015, the FASB issued an amendment to existing guidance providing a practical expedient for entities with fiscal year-ends that do not fall on a month-end by permitting those entities to measure defined benefit plan assets and obligations as of the month-end that is closest to the entity fiscal year-end. The Company adopted this amendment prospectively effective March 28, 2015. The adoption of this amendment did not have a material impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements.In April 2015, the FASB issued an amendment to existing guidance regarding accounting for fees in a cloud computing arrangement. Under the amendment, if a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, then the entity should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If the arrangement does not include a software license, the entity should account for the arrangement as a service contract. The Company adopted this amendment prospectively effective March 28, 2015. The adoption of this amendment did not have a material impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements.In July 2015, the FASB issued an amendment to existing guidance simplifying the measurement of inventory. Under the amendment, inventory should be measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation. This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect the adoption of this amendment to have an impact on its Consolidated Financial Statements. In November 2015, the FASB issued an amendment to existing guidance in order to simplify the presentation of deferred income taxes. Under the amendment, in a classified consolidated balance sheet, companies are required to classify all deferred tax assets and liabilities as non-current. The Company adopted these amendments retrospectively for all periods presented. As a result, the Company reclassified for the 2014 reporting period, $1188 millionof current deferred tax assets and $21 millionof current deferred tax liabilities to non-current deferred tax assets and liabilities.In January 2016, the FASB issued an amendment to existing guidance regarding Financial Instruments. The amendment principally affects accounting for equity investments and financial liabilities where the fair value option has been selected. The amendment is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company does not expect adoption of this amendment to have an impact on its Consolidated Financial Statements.Reclassifications. Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified in the Consolidated Financial Statements to conform to current year presentation.Note 2:Re-engineering Costs The Company continually reviews its business models and operating methods for opportunities to increase efficiencies and/or align costs with business performance. Pretax costs incurred in the re-engineering and impairment charges caption by category were as follows:In  re-engineering charges$68$110$9355The severance costs incurred were associated with headcount reductions in several of the Company operations in connection with changes in its management and organizational structures, and in 2014, the decision to cease operating the Armand Dupree business in the United States, the Nutrimetics business in Thailand and a manufacturing plant in India. In 2014, the Other caption included a write-off of $11 millionin capitalized software in connection with a new information systems project, and in 2013 related to changes in the Company European operations. Pretax costs incurred in connection with the re-engineering program included above and other amounts allocated to cost of products sold were as follows:In  charges$68$110$93Cost of products sold23Total pretax re-engineering costs$68$133$93The balances included in accrued liabilities related to re-engineering and impairment charges as of December26, 2015, December27, 2014, and December28, 2013were as follows: In   charges021801Cash  balance$17$24$26The accrual balance as of December26, 2015, related primarily to severance payments to be made by the end of the second quarter of 2016. In connection with the decision to cease operating the Armand Dupree business in the United States and the Nutrimetics business in Thailand, the Company recorded in 2014 charges of $19 millionand $04 million, respectively, in cost of sales for inventory obsolescence.In February 2015, the Venezuelan government launched an overhaul of its foreign currency exchange structure and created a new exchange mechanism called Simadi that has provided an exchange rate significantly lower than the rate available to the Company under the previous SICAD 2 mechanism. As a result, and based on the perceived impact of this change to the operations of its Venezuelan unit, the Company deemed this change to be a triggering event to evaluate the $157 millionof long-term fixed assets in Venezuela at that time. This evaluation involved performing an undiscounted cash flow analysis to determine if the carrying value of the assets were recoverable and whether the amount included on the balance sheet was greater than fair value. The Company considered many economic and operating factors, including uncertainty surrounding the interpretation and enforcement of certain product pricing restrictions in Venezuela, the inability at that time to obtain the necessary raw materials locally to meet production demands and the significant decline in the global price of oil. Due, at least in part, to the decline of the global price of oil, the Venezuelan government has not made U.S. dollars widely available through any of the exchange mechanisms it has had in place. Given the devaluation of the Venezuelan bolivar compared with the U.S. dollar, and the lack of U.S dollars available to use for the purchase of raw materials for on-going operations, the Company did not believe it would be able to operate the business profitably. As a result, the Company concluded that the carrying value of the long-term fixed assets in Venezuela was not recoverable. The Company then estimated the fair value of the long-term fixed assets using estimated selling prices available in Venezuela. The primary assets that were considered to continue to maintain a marketable value in Venezuela included commercial office space, a show room and parking spaces. As a result of this evaluation in the first quarter of 2015, the Company recorded an impairment charge of $135 millionto reduce the long-term fixed asset carrying value in Venezuela to the estimated fair value at that time of $22 million, which is considered a non-recurring Level 3 measurement within the fair value hierarchy. 56Note 3:Inventories In millions20152014Finished goods$2032$2425Work in process210268Raw materials and supplies304367Total inventories$2546$3060Note 4:Property, Plant and EquipmentIn  and    equipment462519Furniture and fixtures109163Capitalized software760693Construction in progress266364Total property, plant and equipment1,32071,4114Less accumulated  plant and equipment, net$2536$2903Note 5:Accrued and Other LiabilitiesAccrued LiabilitiesIn millions20152014Income taxes payable$250$429Compensation and employee benefits834838Advertising and promotion621688Taxes other than income  benefits1921Dividends payable343337Foreign currency  accrued  LiabilitiesIn   taxes187165Deferred income tax169143Other366368Total other liabilities$2150$2324Note 6:Goodwill and Intangible Assets The Company goodwill and intangible assets relate primarily to the December 2005 acquisition of the direct-to-consumer businesses of Sara Lee Corporation. In the third quarters of 2015and 2014, the Company completed the annual impairment assessments for all of its reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets, concluding there were noimpairments. The Company only considers the goodwill balances of $886 millionand $235 millionassociated with the Fuller Mexico and NaturCare reporting units, respectively, to be significant relative to total equity.The Company performed in 2015, step 1 impairment evaluations for the goodwill associated with the Fuller Mexico and NaturCare reporting units as prescribed under ASC 350, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other. The fair value analysis for Fuller Mexico and NaturCare were completed using a combination of the income and market approach with a 75 percentweighting on the income approach. The significant assumptions used in the income approach included estimates regarding future operations and the ability to generate cash flows, including projections of revenue, costs, utilization of assets and capital requirements. The income approach, or discounted cash flow approach, also requires an estimate as to the appropriate discount rate to be used for each entity. The most sensitive estimate in this valuation is the projection of operating cash flows, as these provide the basis for the estimate of fair market value. The Companys cash flow model used a forecast period of 10 yearsand a terminal value. The growth rates were determined by reviewing historical results of the respective operating units and the historical results of the Companys other similar business units, along with the expected contribution from growth strategies being implemented in the respective reporting units. The market approach relies on an analysis of publicly-traded companies similar to Tupperware and deriving a range of revenue and profit multiples. The publicly-traded companies used in the market approach were selected based on their having similar product lines of consumer goods, beauty products and/or companies using a direct-to-consumer distribution method. The resulting multiples were then applied to the respective reporting units to determine fair value. The significant assumptions for the Fuller Mexico step 1 analysis included annual revenue growth rates ranging from negative20to positive50 percentwith an average growth rate of 30 percent, including a 30 percentgrowth rate used in calculating the terminal value. The discount rate used for Fuller Mexico was 146 percent. As the forecasted results of Fuller Mexico were below the expectations for the step 1 analysis done in 2014, the amount by which the estimated fair value of the Fuller Mexico reporting unit exceeded its carrying value, at 13 percent, was smaller in the third quarter of 2015 than in the 2014 assessment. This decrease reflected lower than expected additions of sales force members in light of high field manager turnover. Along with a difficult competitive environment, this led to worse 2015 operating performance than foreseen in 2014. This was partially offset by a lower discount rate and a lower entity carrying value from amortization of the definite lived Fuller tradename asset that began in the third quarter of 2013. Though the estimated fair value of the reporting unit exceeded its carrying value in the annual assessment, a smaller sales force size and/or operating performance significantly below current expectations, including changes in projected future revenue, profitability and cash flow, as well as higher working capital, interest rates or cost of capital, could have a further negative effect on the fair value of the reporting unit and therefore reduce the fair value below the carrying value. This could result in recording an impairment to the goodwill of Fuller Mexico. 58The significant assumptions for the NaturCare step 1 analysis included annual revenue changes ranging from 30to 50 percentwith an average growth rate of 40 percent, as well as a 30 percentgrowth rate used in calculating the terminal value. The discount rate used for Naturcare was 100 percent. The estimated fair value of the NaturCare reporting unit exceeded the carrying value by 130 percent. Based on the Company evaluation of the assumptions and sensitivities associated with the step 1 analysis for NaturCare, the Company concluded that the fair value substantially exceeded its carrying value as of the end of the third quarter of 2015.In August of 2013, the Company concluded it should reclassify its Fuller tradename from indefinite-lived to definite-lived. This conclusion was primarily reached in light of a long-term transition in the Fuller Mexico business to a new brand name. The reclassification of the Fuller tradename from an indefinite-lived to definite-lived asset triggered an impairment review similar to that performed during an annual assessment, as described above. The results of the impairment evaluation demonstrated that the estimated fair value of the Fuller tradename exceeded its carrying value. As a result of this transition, the Company has estimated that the Fuller tradename has a 10year useful life with amortization to be recorded on a straight-line basis. Amortization expense recorded in 2015, 2014and 2013related to the Fuller tradename was $88 million, $102 million, and $34 million, respectively. The following table reflects gross goodwill and accumulated impairments allocated to each reporting segment at December26, 2015, December27, 2014and December28, 2013:In millionsEuropeAsia PacificTW North AmericaBeauty North AmericaSouth AmericaTotalGross goodwill balance at December 28,  of changes in exchange  goodwill balance at December 27,  of changes in exchange  goodwill balance at December 26,  millionsEuropeAsia PacificTW North AmericaBeauty North AmericaSouth AmericaTotalCumulative impairments as of December 28,  impairmentCumulative impairments as of December 27, 20142454133891047Goodwill impairmentCumulative impairments as of December 26,  gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization of the Company intangible assets, other than goodwill, were as follows:December26, 2015In millionsGross Carrying ValueAccumulated   tradenames817191626Sales force relationships466466Total intangible  2014In millionsGross Carrying ValueAccumulated   tradenames946126820Sales force relationships49648115Total intangible assets$1664$607$1057A summary of the identifiable intangible asset account activity is as follows:Year EndedIn millionsDecember26, 2015December27, 2014Beginning balance$1664$1844Effect of changes in exchange rates180180Ending  expense was $102 million, $118 millionand $48 millionin 2015, 2014and 2013, respectively. The estimated annual amortization expense associated with the above intangibles for each of the five succeeding years is $82 million.Note 7:Financing ObligationsDebt ObligationsDebt obligations consisted of the following:In millions20152014Fixed rate Senior Notes due 2021$5993$5992Five year Revolving Credit Agreement15582090Belgium facility capital  debt obligations77078335Less current  debt and capital lease  in millions20152014Total short-term borrowings at year-end$1604$2191Weighted average interest rate at year-end15%18%Average short-term borrowings during the year$3949$4488Weighted average interest rate for the year15%17%Maximum short-term borrowings during the year$4448$5303Senior Notes On June 2, 2011, the Company completed the sale of $400 millionin aggregate principal amount of 4750%Senior Notes due June 1, 2021 under an indenture the Indenture, entered into by the Company and its 100% subsidiary, Dart Industries Inc. the Guarantor. These Senior Notes were sold at a discount. 60On March 11, 2013, the Company issued and sold an additional $200 millionin aggregate principal amount of these notes both issuances together, the Senior Notes in a registered public offering. As a result of the 2013 issuance, the Company recorded a premium of $76 millionto be amortized over the life of the Senior Notes. The Company also incurred $15 millionin deferred financing costs, of which $13 millionwas netted with the premium on the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows.The Senior Notes were issued under an Indenture between the Company, the Guarantor and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee. As security for its obligations under the guarantee of the Senior Notes, the Guarantor has granted a security interest in certain Tupperware trademarks and service marks. The guarantee and the lien securing the guarantee may be released under certain customary circumstances specified in the Indenture. These customary circumstances include:payment in full of principal of and premium, if any, and interest on the Senior Notes;satisfaction and discharge of the Indenture;upon legal defeasance or covenant defeasance of the Senior Notes as set forth in the Indenture;as to any property or assets constituting Collateral owned by the Guarantor that is released from its Guarantee in accordance with the Indenture;with the consent of the Holders of the requisite percentage of Senior Notes in accordance with the Indenture; andif the rating on the Senior Notes is changed to investment grade in accordance with the Indenture.Prior to March 1, 2021, the Company may redeem the Senior Notes, at its option, at a redemption price equal to accrued and unpaid interest and the greater of i 100 percentof the principal amount to be redeemed; and ii the present value of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest. In determining the present value of the remaining scheduled payments, such payments shall be discounted to the redemption date using a discount rate equal to the Treasury Rateas defined in the Indenture plus 30basis points. On or after March 1, 2021, the redemption price will equal 100 percentof the principal amount of the Senior Notes redeemed.The Indenture includes covenants which, subject to certain exceptions, limit the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to, among other things, i incur indebtedness secured by liens on real property, ii enter into sale and leaseback transactions, iii consolidate or merge with another entity, or sell or transfer all or substantially all of their properties and assets, and iv sell the capital stock of the Guarantor. In addition, upon a change of control, as defined in the Indenture, the Company may be required to make an offer to repurchase the Senior Notes at 101 percentof their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest. The Indenture also contains customary events of default. These restrictions are not expected to impact the Company operations. As of December26, 2015, the Company was in compliance with all of its covenants61Credit AgreementOn June 9, 2015, the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary Tupperware International Holdings B.V. the Subsidiary Borrower, entered into Amendment No. 2 the Amendment to their multicurrency Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated September 11, 2013, as amended by Amendment No. 1 dated June 2, 2014 as so amended, the Credit Agreement. The terms and structure of the Credit Agreement remain largely the same. The Amendment i reduced the aggregate amount available to the Company and the Subsidiary Borrower under the Credit Agreement from $650 millionto $600 millionthe Facility Amount, ii extended the final maturity date of the Credit Agreement from September 11, 2018 to June 9, 2020, and iii amended the applicable margins for borrowings and the commitment fee to be generally more favorable for the Company. The Credit Agreement continues to provide a a revolving credit facility, available up to the full amount of the Facility Amount, b a letter of credit facility, available up to $50 millionof the Facility Amount, and c a swingline facility, available up to $100 millionof the Facility Amount. Each of such facilities is fully available to the Company and is available to the Subsidiary Borrower up to an aggregate amount not to exceed $325 million. The Company is permitted to increase, on up to threeoccasions, the Facility Amount by a total of up to $200 millionfor a maximum aggregate Facility Amount of $800 million, subject to certain conditions including the agreement of the lenders. As of December26, 2015, the Company had total borrowings of $1558 millionoutstanding under its Credit Agreement, with $1537 millionof that amount denominated in euros. The Company routinely increases its revolver borrowings under the Credit Agreement and uncommitted lines during each quarter to fund operating, investing and financing activities and uses cash available at the end of each quarter to reduce borrowing levels. As a result, the Company incurs more interest expense and has higher foreign exchange exposure on the value of its cash during each quarter than would relate solely to the quarter end cash and debt balances. Loans made under the Credit Agreement bear interest under a formula that includes, at the Company option, one of three different base rates. The Company generally selects the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR for the applicable currency and interest period as its base for its interest rate. As provided in the Credit Agreement, a margin is added to the base. The applicable margin is determined by a pricing schedule and is based upon the better for the Company of a the ratio the Consolidated Leverage Ratio of the consolidated funded indebtedness of the Company and its subsidiaries to the consolidated EBITDA as defined in the Credit Agreement of the Company and its subsidiaries for the four fiscal quarters then most recently ended, or b the Companys then existing long-term debt securities rating by Moodys Investor Service, Inc. or Standard and Poors Financial Services, Inc. As of December26, 2015, the Credit Agreement dictated a base rate spread of 150basis points, which gave the Company a weighted average interest rate on LIBORbased borrowings of 150 percenton borrowings under the Credit Agreement.The Credit Agreement contains customary covenants that, among other things, generally restrict the Company ability to incur subsidiary indebtedness, create liens on and sell assets, engage in liquidation or dissolutions, engage in mergers or consolidations, or change lines of business. These covenants are subject to significant exceptions and qualifications. The agreement also has customary financial covenants related to interest coverage and leverage. These restrictions are not expected to impact the Company operations. As of December26, 2015, and currently, the Company had considerable cushion under its financial covenants.The Guarantor unconditionally guarantees all obligations and liabilities of the Company and the Subsidiary Borrower relating to the Credit Agreement as well as the Senior Notes, supported by a security interest in certain Tupperware trademarks and service marks.In February 2014, the Company entered into a $750 millionuncommitted line of credit with Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank Credit Agricole. This line of credit dictates an interest rate of LIBORplus 125basis points. In July 2014, the Company entered into a $1000 millionuncommitted line of credit with HSBC Bank USA HSBC. This line of credit dictates an interest rate of LIBORplus 100basis points. Both Credit Agricole and HSBC are participating banks in the Company Credit Agreement. As of December26, 2015, there were noamounts outstanding under these uncommitted lines of credit. At December26, 2015, the Company had $7005 millionof unused lines of credit, including $4425 millionunder the committed, secured Credit Agreement, and $2580 millionavailable under various uncommitted lines around the world, including the uncommitted lines of credit with Credit Agricole and HSBC. Interest paid on total debt, including forward points on foreign currency contracts, in 2015, 2014and 2013was $478 million, $440 millionand $389 million, respectively62Contractual MaturitiesContractual maturities for debt obligations at December26, 2015are summarized by year as follows in millions:Year ending:AmountDecember31, 2016$1625December30, 201721December29, 201818December28, 201915December26,  LeasesIn 2007, the Company completed construction of its Tupperware center of excellence manufacturing facility in Belgium. Costs related to the new facility and equipment totaled $240 millionand were financed through a sale lease-back transaction under two separate leases. The two leases are being accounted for as capital leases and have initial terms of 10 yearsand 15 yearsand interest rates of 51 percent. In 2010, the Company extended a lease on an additional building in Belgium that was previously accounted for as an operating lease. As a result of renegotiating the terms of the agreement, the lease is now classified as capital and had an initial value of $38 millionwith an initial term of 10 yearsand an interest rate of 29 percent.Following is a summary of significant capital lease obligations at December26, 2015and December27, 2014:In millionsDecember26, 2015December27, 2014Gross payments$122$163Less imputed interest1624Total capital lease obligation106139Less current maturity1820Capital lease obligation - long-term portion$88$119Note 8:Derivative Financial Instruments The Company is exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates on the earnings, cash flows and financial position of its international operations. Although this currency risk is partially mitigated by the natural hedge arising from the Company local manufacturing in many markets, a strengthening U.S. dollar generally has a negative impact on the Company. In response to this fact, the Company uses financial instruments to hedge certain of its exposures and to manage the foreign exchange impact to its financial statements. At its inception, a derivative financial instrument used for hedging is designated as a fair value, cash flow or net equity hedge as described in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.For derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as fair value hedges, the gain or loss on the derivative, as well as the offsetting gain or loss on the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk, are recognized in current earnings. In assessing hedge effectiveness, the Company excludes forward points, which are considered to be a component of interest expense. In 2015, 2014and 2013, forward points on fair value hedges resulted in pretax gains of $141 million, $103 millionand $111 million, respectively. 63At initiation, the Company cash flow hedge contracts are for periods ranging from oneto fifteen months. The effective portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument is recorded in other comprehensive loss and is reclassified into earnings as the transactions being hedged are recorded. As such, the balance at the end of the reporting period in other comprehensive loss related to cash flow hedges will be reclassified into earnings within the next twelve months. The associated asset or liability on the open hedges is recorded in other current assets or accrued liabilities, as applicable. The balance in accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax, resulting from open foreign currency hedges designated as cash flow hedges was a deferred gain of $43 million, $78 millionand $22 millionas of December26, 2015, December27, 2014and December28, 2013, respectively. In 2015, 2014and 2013, the Company recorded in other comprehensive loss, net of tax, net losses/gains associated with cash flow hedges of $35 million, $56 millionand $24 million, respectively, which represents the net change to accumulated other comprehensive income on the Company balance sheet related to these type of hedges. In 2015, 2014and 2013, the Company recorded, net of tax, net gains associated with net equity hedges of $546 million, $255 millionand $133 million, respectively, in other comprehensive loss. Due to the permanent nature of these investments, the Company does not anticipate reclassifying any portion of these amounts to the income statement in the next twelve months.While the Company foreign currency contracts designated as net equity and fair value hedges of non-permanent intercompany balances mitigate its exposure to foreign exchange gains or losses, other than the euro borrowings designated as a hedge, they result in an impact to operating cash flows as they are settled, whereas the hedged items do not generate offsetting cash flows. The net cash flow impact of these currency hedges was an outflowof $170 millionand inflows of $46 millionand $32 millionfor the years ended in 2015, 2014and 2013, respectively.The Company considers the total notional value of its forward contracts as the best measure of the volume of derivative transactions. As of December26, 2015and December27, 2014, the notional amounts of outstanding forward contracts to purchase currencies were $1419 millionand $1851 million, respectively, and the notional amounts of outstanding forward contracts to sell currencies were $1374 millionand $1842 million, respectively. As of December26, 2015, the notional values of the largest positions outstanding were to purchase U.S. dollars $1074 millionand to sell Mexican pesos $413 million.The following tables summarize the Company derivative positions, representing the Company only fair value measurements performed on a recurring basis, and the impact they had on the Company financial position as of December26, 2015and December27, 2014. Fair values were determined based on third party quotations Level 2 fair value measurement: Asset derivativesLiability derivativesFair valueFair valueDerivatives designated as hedging instruments in  exchange contractsNon-trade amounts receivable$215$350Accrued liabilities$146$303The following table summarizes the Company derivative positions and the impact they had on the Company results of operations for the years ended December26, 2015, December27, 2014and December28, 2013: Derivatives designated asfair value hedgesin     exchange  following table summarizes the impact of Company hedging activities on comprehensive income for the years ended December26, 2015, December27, 2014and December28, 2013:Derivatives designated as cash flow and net equity hedges in millionsAmount of gain or loss recognized in OCI on derivatives effective portionLocation of gain or loss reclassified from accumulated OCI into income effective portionAmount of gain or loss reclassified from accumulated OCI into income effective portionLocation of gain or loss recognized in income on derivatives ineffective portion and amount excluded from effectiveness testingAmount of gain or loss recognized in income on derivatives ineffective portion and amounts excluded from effectiveness testingCash flow hedging  exchange contracts$145$159$65Cost of products sold$192$91$32Interest expense$77$49$29Net equity hedging relationshipsForeign exchange contracts742388208Other expenseInterest expense168133132Euro denominated debt11111Other expenseInterest expenseThe Company theoretical credit risk for each derivative instrument is its replacement cost, but management believes that the risk of incurring credit losses is remote and such losses, if any, would not be material. The Company is also exposed to market risk on its derivative instruments due to potential changes in foreign exchange rates; however, such market risk would be fully offset by changes in the valuation of the underlying items being hedged. For all outstanding derivative instruments, the net accrued gain was $69 million, $47 millionand $11 millionat December26, 2015, December27, 2014and December28, 2013, respectively, and were recorded either in other assets or accrued liabilities, depending upon the net position of the individual contracts. While certain of its fair value hedges of non-permanent intercompany loans mitigate its exposure to foreign exchange gains or losses, they result in an impact to operating cash flows as the hedges are settled. However, the cash flow impact of certain of these exposures is in turn partially offset by certain hedges of net equity. The notional amounts shown above change based upon the Company outstanding exposure to fair value fluctuations.Note 9:Fair Value Measurements Due to their short maturities or their insignificance, the carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, accounts and notes receivable, accounts payable, accrued liabilities and short-term borrowings approximated their fair values at December26, 2015and December27, 2014. The Company estimates that, based on current market conditions, the value of its 475%2021 Senior Notes debt was $6192 millionat December26, 2015compared with the carrying value of $5993 million. The higher fair value resulted from changes, since issuance, in the corporate bond market and investor preferences. The fair value of debt is classified as a Level 2 liability and is estimated using quoted market prices as provided in secondary markets that consider the Company specific credit risk and market related conditions65Note 10:Accumulated Other Comprehensive LossIn millions, net of taxForeign Currency ItemsCash Flow HedgesPension and Other Post-retirement ItemsTotalDecember 29,  comprehensive income loss before  reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss206646Net other comprehensive income  28,  comprehensive income loss before  reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss712645Net other comprehensive income  27,  comprehensive income loss before  reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss14836112Net other comprehensive income  26,  amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss that relate to cash flow hedges consisted of net gainsof $192 million, $91 millionand $32 millionin 2015, 2014and 2013, respectively. Associated with these items were tax provisions of $44 million, $20 millionand $12 millionin 2015, 2014and 2013, respectively. See Note 8 for further discussion of derivatives.In 2015, 2014and 2013, pretax amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss related to pension and other post-retirement items consisted of prior service benefits of $13 million, $08 millionand $07 million, respectively, and pension settlement costsof $16 million, $18 millionand $40 million, respectively, and actuarial lossesof $45 million, $26 millionand $54 million, respectively. Associated with these items were tax benefits of $12 million, $10 millionand $21 million, respectively. See Note 13 for further discussion of pension and other post-retirement benefit costs.Note 11:Statements of Cash Flows Supplemental Disclosure Under the Company stock incentive programs, employees are allowed to use shares retained by the Company to satisfy U.S. minimum statutorily required withholding taxes. In 2015, 2014and 2013, 22,344, 102,405and 56,856shares, respectively, were retained to fund withholding taxes, with values totaling $15 million, $80 millionand $45 million, respectively, which were included as a component of stock repurchases in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows.During the first quarter of 2014 and the fourth quarter of 2015, the Company entered into joint ventures with a real estate development partner. The Company contributed land to each joint venture in exchange for 50 percentownership in each joint venture. The carrying value of the land contributed in 2015 and 2014 was $08 millionand $31 million, respectively. The Company ownership interest in the joint ventures is accounted for using the equity method and was included in long-term other assets on the December26, 2015balance sheet. The Company does not expect to have any significant cash inflows or outflows related to the joint ventures until such time as the joint ventures complete and sell their developments66In 2013, the Company acquired $03 millionof property, plant and equipment under capital lease arrangements. There were nosuch capital lease arrangements initiated in 2015 and 2014. During the third quarter of 2015, the Company acquired $25 millionin internal use software, included in property, plant and equipment, under a non-cash financing arrangement under which the Company will make the final payment in less than twelve months from the balance sheet date.Also in 2013, the Company acquired $14 millionin property, plant and equipment under a non-cash financing arrangement under which the Company is paying three equal annual installments.In relation to the issuance of the Senior Notes in the first quarter of 2013, the proceeds related to the $76 milliondebt premium were reduced by $13 millionof non-cash debt issuance costs. Note 12:Income TaxesFor income tax purposes, the domestic and foreign components of income loss before taxes were as follows:In  domestic and foreign components of income loss before taxes reflect adjustments as required under certain advanced pricing agreements and exclude repatriation of foreign earnings to the United States.The provision benefit for income taxes was as follows:In  differences between the provision for income taxes and income taxes computed using the U.S. federal statutory rate were as follows:In millions201520142013Amount computed using statutory rate$910$1044$1261Increase reduction in taxes resulting from:Net impact from repatriating foreign earnings and direct foreign tax  income taxes46206261Impact of non-deductible currency translation losses3119013Impact of changes in Mexican legislation and revaluation of tax assets68Other changes in valuation allowances for deferred tax assets040546Foreign and domestic tax audit settlement and  effective tax rates are below the U.S. statutory rate, primarily reflecting the availability of excess foreign tax credits, as well as lower foreign effective tax rates. During 2014, the tax rate was impacted by the devaluation of the Venezuelan bolivar for which there was no tax benefit. During 2013, a change in Mexican tax law resulted in additional foreign tax costs that were offset by tax credit benefits resulting in a net benefit of $68 million. Additionally, the Company entered into a statutory restructuring transaction in a foreign jurisdiction during the fourth quarter of 2013, which resulted in a reduction in valuation allowance balances of $593 million, of which $190 millionrelated to a write off in net operating losses for which a valuation allowance had already been recorded. The restructuring transaction also resulted in the incurrence of repatriation costs of $435 million.Deferred tax assets liabilities were composed of the following:In millions20152014Purchased  deferred tax liabilities358421Credit and net operating loss carry forwards net of unrecognized tax benefits29362844Employee benefits accruals632652Deferred costs8071075Fixed assets basis  intangibles327315Other accruals278280Accounts   deferred tax assets56685933Valuation allowances231402Net deferred tax assets$5079$511068At December26, 2015, the Company had domestic federal and state net operating loss carry forwards of $758 million, separate state net operating loss carry forwards of $1135 million, and foreign net operating loss carry forwards of $2182 million, of which the Company had included in recognized net deferred tax assets $152 million, $05 millionand $419 million, respectively. Of the total foreign and domestic net operating loss carry forwards, $3535 millionexpire at various dates from 2016 to 2035, while the remainder have unlimited lives. This balance included net deferred tax assets of $121 millionfor federal net operating losses, which would expire in the years 2020 through 2035 if not utilized, $305 millionof foreign net operating losses which would expire in 2026 if not utilized and noforeign net operating losses which would expire in 2016 if not utilized. During 2015, the Company realized net cash benefits of $242 millionrelated to foreign net operating loss carry forwards. At December26, 2015and December27, 2014, the Company had estimated gross foreign tax credit carry forwards of $2186 millionand $1747 million, respectively, most of which would expire in 2018 through 2025 if not utilized. Deferred costs in 2015include assets of $789 millionrelated to advanced payment agreements entered into by the Company with its foreign subsidiaries, which are expected to reverse during the next three years. At December26, 2015and December27, 2014, the Company had valuation allowances against certain deferred tax assets totaling $231 millionand $402 million, respectively. The reduction in valuation allowance balance related to $100 millionof a write off in net operating losses for which a valuation allowance had already been recorded and $71 millionrelated to currency translation. These valuation allowances relate to tax assets in jurisdictions where it is management best estimate that there is not a greater than 50 percent probability that the benefit of the assets will be realized in the associated tax returns. This assessment is based upon expected future domestic results, future foreign dividends from then current year earnings and cash flows and other foreign source income, including rents and royalties, as well as anticipated gains related to future sales of land held for development near the Company Orlando, Florida headquarters. In addition, certain tax planning transactions may be entered into to facilitate realization of these benefits. The likelihood of realizing the benefit of deferred tax assets is assessed on an ongoing basis. Consequently, future material changes in the valuation allowance are possible. The credit and net operating loss carry forwards increased by $92 million, primarily due to an increase in the balance of federal foreign tax credits. The decrease in deferred costs of $268 millionis due to reversals of prior year advanced payments. The Company paid income taxes in 2015, 2014and 2013of $1064 million, $1170 millionand $1027 million, respectively. The Company has a foreign subsidiary which receives a tax holiday that expires in 2020. The net benefit of this and other expired tax holidays was $26 million, $34 millionand $26 millionin 2015, 2014and 2013, respectively.As of December26, 2015and December27, 2014, the Company gross unrecognized tax benefit was $218 millionand $225 million, respectively. The Company estimates that approximately $207 millionof the unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate. A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:In millions201520142013Balance, beginning of year$225$274$249Additions based on tax positions related to the current year333960Additions for tax positions of prior year341244Reduction for tax positions of prior  for lapse in statute of  of foreign currency rate changes versus the U.S. dollar151303Balance, end of year$218$225$274Interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in the Company global operations are recorded as a component of the provision for income taxes. Accrued interest and penalties were $60 millionand $65 millionas of December26, 2015and December27, 2014, respectively. Interest and penalties included in the provision for income taxes totaled $09 millionand $05 millionfor 2014and 2013, respectively and nosignificant interest and penalties included in the provision for income taxes for 201569During the year ended December26 2015, the accrual for uncertain tax positions decreased by $11 millionprimarily as a result of the Company agreeing to tax settlements in various foreign jurisdictions, as well as a $32 milliondecrease of accruals for uncertain tax positions due to the expiration of the statute of limitations in various jurisdictions. During the year, increases in uncertain positions being taken during the year in various foreign tax jurisdictions were partially offset by the impact of foreign exchange rate translation.During the year ended December27, 2014, the accrual for uncertain tax positions decreased by $19 millionprimarily as a result of the Company agreeing to a transfer pricing settlement in various foreign jurisdictions and entering into an Advanced Pricing Agreement, as well as a $37 milliondecrease of accruals for uncertain tax positions due to the expiration of the statute of limitations in various jurisdictions. During the year, increases in uncertain positions being taken in various foreign tax jurisdictions were partially offset by the impact of foreign exchange rate translation.During the year ended December28, 2013, the accrual for uncertain tax positions primarily increased due to uncertain positions being taken during the year in various foreign tax jurisdictions, partially offset by a $44 milliondecrease of accruals for uncertain tax positions due to the expiration of the statute of limitations in various jurisdictions. The accrual was further impacted by changes in foreign exchange rates.The Company operates globally and files income tax returns in the United States federal, various state, and foreign jurisdictions. In the normal course of business, the Company is subject to examination by taxing authorities throughout the world. The Company is no longer subject to income tax examination in the following major jurisdictions: for U.S. tax for years before 2002, Australia 2010, Brazil 2005, China 2004, France 2010, Germany 2011, Greece 2009, India 2002, Indonesia 2008, Italy 2010, Malaysia 2008, Mexico 2005, and South Africa 2009,with limited exceptions. The Company estimates that it may settle one or more foreign and domestic audits in the next twelve months that may result in a decrease in the amount of accrual for uncertain tax positions of up to $10 million. For the remaining balance as of December26, 2015, the Company is not able to reliably estimate the timing or ultimate settlement amount. While the Company does not currently expect material changes, it is possible that the amount of unrecognized benefit with respect to the uncertain tax positions will significantly increase or decrease related to audits in various foreign jurisdictions that may conclude during that period or new developments that could also, in turn, impact the Company assessment relative to the establishment of valuation allowances against certain existing deferred tax assets. At this time, the Company is not able to make a reasonable estimate of the range of impact on the balance of unrecognized tax benefits or the impact on the effective tax rate related to these items. As of December26, 2015, the Company had foreign undistributed earnings of $14 billionwhere it is the Company intent that the earnings be reinvested indefinitely. Consequently, the Company has not provided for U.S. deferred income taxes on these undistributed earnings. The determination of the amount of unrecognized deferred U.S. income tax liability associated with these undistributed earnings is not practicable because of the complexities associated with the calculation. The Company recognized $60 million, $63 millionand $145 millionof benefits for deductions associated with the exercise of employee stock options in 2015, 2014and 2013, respectively. These benefits were added directly to paid-in capital, and were not reflected in the provision for income taxes. Note 13:Retirement Benefit Plans The Company has various defined benefit pension plans covering substantially all domestic employees employed as of June30, 2005, except those employed by BeautiControl, and certain employees in other countries. In addition to providing pension benefits, the Company provides certain post-retirement healthcare and life insurance benefits for selected U.S. and Canadian employees. Employees may become eligible for these benefits if they reach normal retirement age while working for the Company or satisfy certain age and years of service requirements. The medical plans are contributory for most retirees with contributions adjusted annually, and contain other cost-sharing features, such as deductibles and coinsurance. The medical plans include an allowance for Medicare for post-65 age retirees. Most employees and retirees outside the United States are covered by government healthcare programs. 70The Company uses its fiscal year end as the measurement date for its plans. The funded status of all of the Company plans was as follows:U.S. plansForeign plansPension benefitsPost-retirement benefitsPension benefitsIn  in benefit obligations:Beginning    loss   of exchange  participant   in plan assets at fair value:Beginning  return on plan assets03393147Company  participant contributions4218Benefits and expenses  of exchange   status of  recognized in the balance sheet consisted of:In millionsDecember26, 2015December27, 2014Accrued benefit  other comprehensive loss pretax476662Items not yet recognized as a component of pension expense as of December26, 2015and December27, 2014consisted of:20152014In  obligation$21$$13$Prior service cost benefit128736106Net actuarial loss5171369029Accumulated other comprehensive lossincome  of other comprehensive loss income for the years ended December26, 2015and December27, 2014consisted of the following:20152014In  prior service cost  actuarial loss  of exchange rates5658Other comprehensive loss  2016, the Company expects to recognize a prior service benefit of approximately $14 millionand a net actuarial loss of $17 millionas components of pension and post-retirement expense. The accumulated benefit obligation for all defined benefit pension plans at December26, 2015and December27, 2014was $2111 millionand $2185 million, respectively. At December26, 2015and December27, 2014, the accumulated benefit obligations of certain pension plans exceeded those respective plans' assets. For those plans, the accumulated benefit obligations were $1853 millionand $1918 million, and the fair value of their assets was $837 millionand $743 millionas of December26, 2015and December27, 2014, respectively. At December26, 2015and December27, 2014, the benefit obligations of the Company significant pension plans exceeded those respective plans' assets. The accrued benefit cost for the pension plans is reported in accrued liabilities and other long-term liabilities.The costs associated with all of the Company plans were as follows:Pension benefitsPost-retirement benefitsDollars in  of net periodic benefit cost:Service cost and  cost698684071111Return on plan    periodic benefit cost  average assumptions:U.S. plansDiscount rate, net periodic benefit  rate, benefit  on plan  growth rate, net periodic benefit cost303030n/an/an/aSalary growth rate, benefit  plansDiscount  on plan  growth  applicable72The Company has established strategic asset allocation percentage targets for significant asset classes with the aim of achieving an appropriate balance between risk and return. The Company periodically revises asset allocations, where appropriate, in an effort to improve return and/or manage risk. The expected return on plan assets is determined based on the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets and the market-related value of plan assets. The market-related value of plan assets is based on long-term expectations given current investment objectives and historical results. The expected rate of return assumption used by the Company to determine the benefit obligation for its U.S. and foreign plans for 2015was 83 percentand 34 percent, respectively, and 83 percentand 38 percentfor 2014, respectively. The Company determines the discount rate primarily by reference to rates on high-quality, long term corporate and government bonds that mature in a pattern similar to the expected payments to be made under the various plans. The weighted average discount rates used to determine the benefit obligation for its U.S. and foreign plans for 2015was 39 percentand 24 percent, respectively, and 35 percentand 26 percentfor 2014, respectively. Effective January 1, 2015, Medicare eligible participants were moved from the self-insured employer plan to a private Medicare exchange, receiving a fixed subsidy from the Company. The Company no longer uses the assumed healthcare cost trends to value its post-retirement benefits obligation. The Company sponsors a number of pension plans in the United States and in certain foreign countries. There are separate investment strategies in the United States and for each unit operating internationally that depend on the specific circumstances and objectives of the plans and/or to meet governmental requirements. The Company overall strategic investment objectives are to preserve the desired funded status of its plans and to balance risk and return through a wide diversification of asset types, fund strategies and investment managers. The asset allocation depends on the specific strategic objectives for each plan and is rebalanced to obtain the target asset mix if the percentages fall outside of the range considered acceptable. The investment policies are reviewed from time to time to ensure consistency with long-term objectives. Options, derivatives, forward and futures contracts, short positions, or margined positions may be held in reasonable amounts as deemed prudent. For plans that are tax-exempt, any transactions that would jeopardize this status are not allowed. Lending of securities is permitted in some cases in which appropriate compensation can be realized. While the Company plans do not invest directly in its own stock, it is possible that the various plans' investments in mutual, commingled or indexed funds or insurance contracts GIC may hold ownership of Company securities. The investment objectives of each unit are more specifically outlined below. The Company weighted-average asset allocations at December26, 2015and December27, 2014, by asset category, were as follows:20152014Asset categoryU.S. plansForeign plansU.S. plansForeign plansEquity securities63%27%64%29%Fixed income securities37163617Cash and money market investments67Guaranteed  fair value of the Company pension plan assets at December26, 2015by asset category was as follows:Description of assetsin millionsDecember26, 2015Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical AssetsLevel 1Significant Other Observable InputsLevel 2Significant Unobservable InputsLevel 3Domestic plans:Common/collective trust a$339$$339$Foreign plans:AustraliaInvestment fund  insurance contract c309309GermanyGuaranteed insurance contract c5050BelgiumMutual fund d218218AustriaGuaranteed insurance contract c0404KoreaGuaranteed insurance contract  trust e111111PhilippinesFixed income securities f1414Equity fund  fair value of the Company pension plan assets at December27, 2014by asset category was as follows:Description of assetsin millionsDecember27, 2014Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical AssetsLevel 1Significant Other Observable InputsLevel 2Significant Unobservable InputsLevel 3Domestic plans:Common/collective trust a$355$$355$Foreign plans:AustraliaInvestment fund  insurance contract c276276GermanyGuaranteed insurance contract c5555BelgiumMutual funds d228228AustriaGuaranteed insurance contract c0505KoreaGuaranteed insurance contract  trust e119119PhilippinesFixed income securities f1616Equity fund  investment strategy of the U.S. pension plan for each period presented was to achieve a return greater than or equal to the return that would have been earned by a portfolio invested approximately 60 percentin equity securities and 40 percentin fixed income securities. As of the years ended December26, 2015and December27, 2014, the common trusts held 63 percentand 64 percentof its assets in equity securities and 37 percentand 36 percentin fixed income securities, respectively. The percentage of funds invested in equity securities at the end of 2015and 2014, included: 33 percentin large U.S. stocks, 10 percentin international stocks in each year, and 20 percentand 21 percentin small U.S. stocks, respectively. The common trusts are comprised of shares or units in commingled funds that are not publicly traded. The underlying assets in these funds equity securities and fixed income securities are valued using quoted market prices74bFor each period presented, the strategy of this fund is to achieve a long-term net return of at least 4 percentabove inflation based on the Australian consumer price index over a rolling five-year period. The investment strategy is to invest mainly in equities and property, which are expected to earn relatively higher returns over the long term. The fair value of the fund is determined using the net asset value per share using quoted market prices or other observable inputs in active markets. As of December26, 2015and December27, 2014, the percentage of funds held in investments included: Australian equities of 29 percentand 30 percent, cash of 7 percentand 6 percent, other equities of listed companies outside of Australia of 42 percentand 43 percent, real estate of 10 percentand 9 percent, respectively, and government and corporate bonds of 12 percentin each year.cThe strategy of the Company plans in Austria, Germany, Korea and Switzerland is to seek to ensure the future benefit payments of their participants and manage market risk. This is achieved by funding the pension obligations through guaranteed insurance contracts. The plan assets operate similar to investment contracts whereby the interest rate, as well as the surrender value, is guaranteed. The fair value is determined as the contract value, using a guaranteed rate of return which will increase if the market performance exceeds that return.dThe strategy of the Belgian plan in each period presented is to seek to achieve a return greater than or equal to the return that would have been earned by a portfolio invested approximately 62 percentin equity securities and 38 percentin fixed income securities. The fair value of the fund is calculated using the net asset value per share as determined by the quoted market prices of the underlying investments. As of December26, 2015and December27, 2014, the percentage of funds held in various asset classes included: large-cap equities of European companies of 24 percentand 26 percent, small-cap equities of European companies of 19 percentand 17 percent, bonds, primarily from European and U.S. governments, of 31 percentand 30 percent, and money market fund of 18 percentand 19 percent, respectively, and equities outside of Europe, mainly in the U.S. and emerging markets, 8 percentin each year.eThe Company strategy for each period presented is to invest approximately 57 percentof assets to benefit from the higher expected returns from long-term investments in equities and to invest 43 percentof assets in short-term low investment risk instruments to fund near term benefits payments. The target allocation for plan assets to implement this strategy is 50 percentequities in Japanese listed securities, 7 percentin equities outside of Japan, 3 percentin cash and other short-term investments and 40 percentin domestic Japanese bonds. This strategy has been achieved through a collective trust that held 100 percentof total funded assets as of December26, 2015and December27, 2014. As of the end of 2015and 2014, the allocation of funds within the common collective trust included: 50 percentand 51 percentin Japanese equities, 3 percentand 4 percentin cash and other short term investments, 40 percentand 38 percentin Japanese bonds, respectively, and 7 percentin equities of companies based outside of Japan in each year. The fair value of the collective trust is determined by the market value of the underlying shares, which are traded in active markets.fIn both years, the investment strategy in the Philippines was to achieve an appropriate balance between risk and return, from a diversified portfolio of Philippine peso denominated bonds and equities. The target asset class allocations is 57 percentin equity securities, 38 percentfixed income securities and 5 percentin cash and deposits. The fixed income securities at year end included assets valued using a weighted average of completed deals on similarly termed government securities, as well as balances invested in short term deposit accounts. The equity index fund was valued at the closing price of the active market in which it was traded. The following table presents a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances of the fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs Level 3:Year EndingIn millionsDecember26, 2015December27, 2014Beginning balance$367$364Realized gains0707Purchases, sales and settlements, net2526Impact of exchange rates1230Ending balance$387$36775The Company expects to contribute $113 millionto its U.S. and foreign pension plans and $19 millionto its other U.S. post-retirement benefit plan in 2016. The Company also has several savings, thrift and profit-sharing plans. Its contributions to these plans are in part based upon various levels of employee participation. The total cost of these plans was $74 million, $87 millionand $105 millionfor 2015, 2014and 2013, respectively. The following benefit payments, which reflect expected future service, as appropriate, are expected to be paid from the Company U.S. and foreign plans in millions:YearsPension benefitsPost-retirement  14:Incentive Compensation PlansOn May12, 2010, the shareholders of the Company approved the adoption of the Tupperware Brands Corporation 2010 Incentive Plan the 2010 Incentive Plan. The 2010 Incentive Plan provides for the issuance of cash and stock-based incentive awards to employees, directors and certain non-employee participants. Stock-based awards may be in the form of stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance vesting and market vesting awards. Under the plan, awards that are canceled or expire are added back to the pool of available shares. When the 2010 Incentive Plan was approved, the number of shares of the Company common stock available for stock-based awards under the plan totaled 4,750,000, plus remaining shares available for issuance under the Tupperware Brands Corporation 2006 Incentive Plan and the Tupperware Brands Corporation Director Stock Plan. Shares may no longer be granted under these plans. The total number of shares available for grant under the 2010 Incentive Plan as of December26, 2015was 1,753,445. Under the 2010 Incentive Plan, non-employee directors receive one-half of their annual retainers in the form of stock and may elect to receive the balance of their annual retainers in the form of stock or cash. In addition, each non-employee director is eligible to receive a stock award in such form, at such time and in such amount as may be determined by the Nominating and Governance Committee of the Board of Directors.Stock Options Stock options to purchase the Company common stock are granted to employees and directors, upon approval by the Company Board of Directors, with an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the stock on the date of grant. Options generally become exercisable in three years, in equal installments beginning one year from the date of grant, and generally expire 10 yearsfrom the date of grant. The fair value of the Company stock options is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions used in the last three years:201520142013Dividend yield43%33%29%Expected volatility36%40%41%Risk-free interest rate21%21%20%Expected life7 years7 years7 years76Stock option activity for 2015, under all of the Company incentive plans, is summarized in the following table: Sharessubjectto  per shareAggregate Intrinsic Value in millionsOutstanding at December 27,  at December 26,  at December 26, 20151,260,167$5462$80The intrinsic value of options exercised during 2015, 2014and 2013totaled $208 million, $204 millionand $385 million, respectively. The average remaining contractual life on outstanding and exercisable options was 71and 57, respectively, at the end of 2015. The weighted average estimated grant date fair value of 2015, 2014and 2013option grants was $1313, $1917and $2761per share, respectively.Performance Awards, Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units The Company also grants restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance-vested awards and market-vested awards to employees and directors, which typically have initial vesting periods ranging from oneto three years. Compensation expense associated with time-vested grants of restricted stock and restricted stock units is equal to the market value of the Company common stock on the grant date, and is recorded straight-line over the required service period. For performance-vested awards, expense is determined by the market value of the Company common stock on the grant date and the number of shares ultimately earned as described below and is recorded over the required service period, subject to a probability assessment of achieving the performance criteria. The grant date fair value per share of market-vested awards already reflect the probability of achieving the market condition, and is therefore used to record expense straight line over the performance period regardless of actual achievement.The incentive program for the performance and market-vested awards are based upon a target number of share units, although the actual number of performance and market-vested shares ultimately earned can vary from zeroto 150 percentof target depending on the Company achievement under the performance criteria of the grants. The payouts, if earned, will be settled in Tupperware common stock after the end of the threeyear performance period.The Company performance-vested awards, granted under its performance share plan, provide incentive opportunity based on the overall success of the Company over a threeyear performance period, as reflected through a measure of diluted earnings per share in the 2013 through 2015 grants, as well as cash flow in the 2013 grant. In 2014, the Company began granting market-vested awards under the Company performance share plan. These awards provide incentive opportunity based on the relative total shareholder return rTSR of the Company common stock against a group of companies composed of the SP 400 Mid-cap Consumer Discretionary index and the Company Compensation Peer Group collectively, the Comparative Group over a threeyear performance period. The fair value per share of rTSR grants in 2015 and 2014 was $6421and $7085, respectively. The fair value was determined using a Monte-Carlo simulation, which estimated the fair value based on the Company share price activity between the beginning of the year and the grant date relative to the Comparative Group, expected term of the award, risk-free interest rate, expected dividends, and the expected volatility of the stock of the Company and that of the Comparative Group.In 2015, as a result of the Company performance, the estimated number of shares expected to vest decreased by 1,802shares for the threeperformance share plans running during 201577Restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance-vested and market-vested share award activity for 2015under all of the Company incentive plans is summarized in the following table: Non-vested  at December 27, 2014651,849$5976Time-vested shares  shares granted23,6376421Performance shares granted62,7227261Performance share  at December 26, 2015550,467$6971The vesting date fair value of restricted stock, restricted stock units and performance-vested awards that vested in 2015, 2014and 2013was $209 million, $268 millionand $148 million, respectively. The weighted-average grant-date fair value per share of these types of awards in 2015, 2014and 2013was $6189, $7286and $8262, respectively. For awards which are paid in cash, compensation expense is remeasured each reporting period based on the market value of the shares outstanding and is included as a liability on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Shares outstanding under cash settled awards totaled 27,582, 23,986and 19,099shares as of the end of 2015, 2014and 2013, respectively. These outstanding cash settled awards had a fair value of $15 millionat the end of 2015and 2014and $18 millionas of the end of 2013.Compensation expense associated with all stock-based compensation was $200 million, $189 millionand $195 millionin 2015, 2014and 2013, respectively. The estimated tax benefit associated with this compensation expense was $72 million, $68 millionand $70 millionin 2015, 2014and 2013, respectively. As of December26, 2015, total unrecognized stock based compensation expense related to all stock based awards was $251 million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 25 months. Expense related to earned cash performance awards of $215 million, $132 millionand $194 millionwas included in the Consolidated Statements of Income for 2015, 2014and 2013, respectively.The Company Board of Directors has authorized up to $2 billionof open market share repurchases under a program that began in 2007 and expires on February 1, 2017. During 2014and 2013, under this program, the Company repurchased 12 millionand 46 millionshares at an aggregate cost of $843 millionand $3749 million, respectively. There were noshare repurchases under this program in 2015. Since inception of the program, the Company has repurchased 213 millionshares at an aggregate cost of $129 billion.Note 15:Segment Information The Company manufactures and distributes a broad portfolio of products, primarily through independent direct sales consultants. Certain operating segments have been aggregated based upon consistency of economic substance, geography, products, production process, class of customers and distribution method.The Company reportable segments include the following: EuropePrimarily design-centric preparation, storage and serving solutions for the kitchen and home through the Tupperwarebrand. Europe also includes Avroy Shlain, which sells beauty and personal care products. Asia Pacific also sells beauty and personal care products in some of its units under the NaturCare, Nutrimeticsand   cosmetics, skin care and personal care products marketed under the BeautiControlbrand in the United States, Canada and Puerto Rico and the Armand Dupreeand Fuller Cosmeticsbrands in Mexico and Central America.SouthAmericaBoth housewares and beauty products under the Armand Dupree, Fuller, Nuvoand Tupperwarebrands78Worldwide sales of beauty and personal care products totaled $4288 million, $5108 millionand $5570 millionin 2015, 2014and 2013, respectively.In millions201520142013Net   North America353734993580Beauty North America240029093201South America306238513739Total net    North America674683659Beauty North America2313161South America465271689Total segment   and impairment charges a20311093Gains on disposal of assets b1372707Interest expense, net452435376Income before taxes$2599$2982$360479In  and  Pacific151130106Tupperware North America1059684Beauty North America10811875South  depreciation and   Pacific123193188Tupperware North America92118107Beauty North America343137South  capital    North America121213711484Beauty North America254031703567South  identifiable  Note 2 to the unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of re-engineering and impairment charges.bGains on disposal of assets in 2015 and 2014 include $129 millionand $13 millionfrom land transactions near the Orlando, FL headquarters. In 2014, this caption also included $11 millionfrom the sale of a facility in Australia. Gains on disposal of assets in 2013 primarily related to the collection of proceeds on Orlando land sold in 2006.Sales and segment profit in the preceding table are from transactions with customers, with inter-segment profit eliminated. Sales generated by product line, except beauty and personal care, as opposed to Tupperware, are not captured in the financial statements, and disclosure of the information is impractical. Sales to a single customer did not exceed 10 percent of total sales in any segment. Sales of Tupperwareand beauty products to customers in Mexico were $3389 million, $3877 millionand $4076 millionin 2015, 2014and 2013, respectively. There was no other foreign country in which sales were individually material to the Company total sales. Sales of Tupperwareand beauty products to customers in the United States were $2094 million, $2104 millionand $2293 millionin 2015, 2014and 2013, respectively. Unallocated expenses are corporate expenses and other items not directly related to the operations of any particular segment. Corporate assets consist of cash and buildings and assets maintained for general corporate purposes. As of the end of 2015, 2014and 2013, respectively, long-lived assets in the United States were $866 million, $887 millionand $904 million. As of December26, 2015and December27, 2014, the Company net investment in international operations was $4290 millionand $5034 million, respectively. The Company is subject to the usual economic, business and political risks associated with international operations; however, these risks are partially mitigated by the broad geographic dispersion of the Company operations. 80Note 16:Commitments and ContingenciesThe Company and certain subsidiaries are involved in litigation and various legal matters that are being defended and handled in the ordinary course of business. Included among these matters are environmental issues. The Company does not include estimated future legal costs in accruals recorded related to these matters. The Company believes that it is remote that the Company contingencies will have a material adverse effect on its financial position, results of operations or cash flow. Kraft Foods, Inc., which was formerly affiliated with Premark International, Inc., the Company former parent, has assumed any liabilities arising out of certain divested or discontinued businesses. The liabilities assumed include matters alleging product liability, environmental liability and infringement of patents. As part of the acquisition of the direct-to-consumer businesses of Sara Lee Corporation which has since changed its name to Hillshire Brands Co. in December 2005, that company indemnified the Company for any liabilities arising out of any existing litigation at that time and for certain legal matters arising out of circumstances that might relate to periods before or after the date of the acquisition. Leases.Rental expense for operating leases totaled $340 millionin 2015, $380 millionin 2014and $317 millionin 2013. Approximate minimum rental commitments under non-cancelable operating leases in effect at December26, 2015were: 2016-$357 million; 2017-$225 million; 2018-$142 million; 2019-$93 million; 2020-$56 million; and after 2020-$94 million. Leases included in the minimum rental commitments for 2016and 2017primarily relate to lease agreements for automobiles which generally have a lease term of twoto three yearswith the remaining leases related to office, manufacturing and distribution space. It is common for lease agreements to contain various provisions for items such as step rent or other escalation clauses and lease concessions, which may offer a period of no rent payment. These types of items are considered by the Company, and are recorded into expense on a straight line basis over the minimum lease terms. There are no material lease agreements containing renewal options. Certain leases require the Company to pay property taxes, insurance and routine maintenance.Note 17:Allowance for Long-Term Receivables As of December26, 2015, $114 millionof long-term receivables from both active and inactive customers were considered past due, the majority of which were reserved through the Company allowance for uncollectible accounts.The balance of the allowance for long-term receivables as of December26, 2015was as follows:In millionsDecember 27,  a19Currency translation adjustment22December 26,   Provision includes $02 millionof reclassifications from current receivables81Note 18:Guarantor InformationThe Company payment obligations under the Senior Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on a senior secured basis, by the Guarantor. The guarantee is secured by certain Tupperware trademarks and service marks owned by the Guarantor, as discussed in Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Condensed consolidated financial information as of December26, 2015and December27, 2014and for the years ended December26, 2015, December27, 2014and December28, 2013for Tupperware Brands Corporation the Parent, Dart Industries Inc. the Guarantor and all other subsidiaries the Non-Guarantors is as follows. Each entity in the consolidating financial information follows the same accounting policies as described in the consolidated financial statements, except for the use by the Parent and Guarantor of the equity method of accounting to reflect ownership interests in subsidiaries that are eliminated upon consolidation. The Guarantor is 100%owned by the Parent, and there are certain entities within the Non-Guarantors classification which the Parent owns directly. There are no significant restrictions on the ability of either the Parent or the Guarantor from obtaining adequate funds from their respective subsidiaries by dividend or loan that should interfere with their ability to meet their operating needs or debt repayment obligations.Consolidating Statement of Income Year ended December 26, 2015In   revenue12393161555Cost of products   sales and administrative  and impairment charges203203Gains on disposal of assets including insurance recoveries, net137137Operating income    from equity investments in  expense0695101Income before income  benefit for income taxes15140932741Net   Statement of Income Year ended December 27, 2014In   revenue13852591644Cost of products   sales and administrative  and impairment charges01109110Gains on disposal of assets including insurance recoveries, net2727Operating income    from equity investments in  expense income02258260Income before income  benefit for income taxes195208825838Net   Statement of Income Year ended December 28, 2013In   revenue12461831429Cost of products   sales and administrative  and impairment charges9393Gains on disposal of assets including insurance recoveries, net0707Operating income    from equity investments in  expense income015655Income before income  benefit for income taxes195187870862Net   Consolidating Balance Sheet December26, 2015In  and cash  receivable,  amounts receivable,   expenses and other current  current  income tax benefits,  plant and equipment, net46620702536Long-term receivables, net01131132Tradenames, net827827Other intangible assets,  in  notes  assets, net16061081833270Total  AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITYAccounts  borrowings and current portion of long-term debt and capital lease    current  debt and capital lease  notes    liabilities and shareholders'  Consolidating Balance Sheet December27, 2014In  and cash  receivable,  amounts receivable,   expenses and other current  current  income tax benefits,  plant and equipment, net43724662903Long-term receivables, net01172173Tradenames, net10421042Other intangible assets,  in  notes  assets,   AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITYAccounts  borrowings and current portion of long-term debt and capital lease    current  debt and capital lease  notes    liabilities and shareholders'  Consolidating Statement of Cash FlowsYear ended December 26, 2015In  Activities:Net cash provided by used in operating  Activities:Capital  from disposal of property, plant and equipment180180Net intercompany  of capital10551055Net cash provided by used in investing  Activities:Dividend payments to  payments to parent400010315031Net proceeds from issuance of senior notes0101Proceeds from exercise of stock options161161Repurchase of common stock1515Repayment of long-term debt and capital lease obligations2626Net change in short-term  issuance costs0707Excess tax benefits from share-based payment arrangements6060Net intercompany  of capital to parent10551055Net cash provided by used in financing  of exchange rate changes on cash and cash  change in cash and cash equivalents2828Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year770770Cash and cash equivalents at end of  Consolidating Statement of Cash FlowsYear ended December 27, 2014In  Activities:Net cash provided by used in operating  Activities:Capital  from disposal of property, plant and equipment7171Return of capital60436043Net intercompany  cash provided by used in investing  Activities:Dividend payments to  payments to  proceeds from issuance of senior notesProceeds from exercise of stock options157157Repurchase of common stock923923Repayment of long-term debt and capital lease obligations3030Net change in short-term debt91234622Debt issuance costsExcess tax benefits from share-based payment arrangements6363Net intercompany  of capital to parent60436043Net cash provided by used in financing  of exchange rate changes on cash and cash  change in cash and cash  and cash equivalents at beginning of year0112721273Cash and cash equivalents at end of  Consolidating Statement of Cash FlowsYear ended December 28, 2013In  Activities:Net cash provided by used in operating  Activities:Capital  from disposal of property, plant and equipment8989Return of capitalNet intercompany  cash provided by used in investing  Activities:Dividend payments to  payments to parent949949Net proceeds from issuance of senior notes20002000Proceeds from exercise of stock options210210Repurchase of common stock37943794Repayment of long-term debt and capital lease obligations2525Net change in short-term debt840562278Debt issuance costs2222Excess tax benefits from share-based payment arrangements145145Net intercompany  of capital to parentNet cash provided by used in financing  of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents183183Net change in cash and cash equivalents017675Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year0211961198Cash and cash equivalents at end of  19:Quarterly Financial Summary UnauditedFollowing is a summary of the unaudited interim results of operations for each quarter in the years ended December26, 2015and December27, 2014. In millions, except per share  ended December 26, 2015Net  margin3902399834854009Net income295620362581Basic earnings per share059124072116Diluted earnings per  declared per  stock price  ended December 27, 2014Net  margin4416448637954524Net income522476323823Basic earnings per share104095064165Diluted earnings per  declared per  stock price  items impacting quarterly comparability for 2015and 2014were as follows: Pretax re-engineering and impairment costs of $27 million, $15 million, $03 millionand $23 millionwere recorded in the first through fourth quarters of 2015, respectively, as well as $135 millionin the first quarter of 2015 for the impairment charge of fixed assets in Venezuela. Pretax re-engineering and impairment costs of $23 million, $34 million, $26 millionand $27 millionwere recorded in the first through fourth quarters of 2014, respectively. Refer to Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion.In connection with re-measuring net monetary assets and recording in cost of sales inventory at the exchange rate when it was purchased or manufactured compared to when it was sold, the Company had impacts of $93 million, $18 million, $20 millionand $18 millionin the first, second, third and fourth quarters of 2015, respectively, and impacts of $134 million, $222 million, $60 millionand $02 millionin the same quarters of 2014. See Note 1 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for further details.Pretax gains on disposal of assets, primarily related to land transactions near the Company Orlando headquarters, were $06 million, $108 million, $20 millionand $03 millionin the first through fourth quarters of 2015, respectively. They were $18 million, $05 millionand $04 millionin the first, second and fourth quarters of 2014, respectively. There were nosuch amounts in the third quarter of 201489Report of Independent Registered Certified Public Accounting Firm To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Tupperware Brands Corporation In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements listed in the index appearing under a1 present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Tupperware Brands Corporation and its subsidiaries at December26, 2015and December27, 2014, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December26, 2015in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. In addition, in our opinion, the financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under a2 presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein when read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December26, 2015, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework2013 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO. The Company management is responsible for these financial statements and the financial statement schedule, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on these financial statements, on the financial statement schedule, and on the Company internal control over financial reporting based on our integrated audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. A company internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that ipertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; iiprovide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and iiiprovide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Orlando, Florida March4, 201690Item1Business1Item! 1ARisk Factors6Item 1BUnresolved Staff  Proceedings9Item! 4Mine Safety Disclosures9Part IIItem 5Ma.Controls and Procedures.Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15e and 15d-15e that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. As of the end of the period covered by this report, management, under the supervision of the Company Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 26, 2015. Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting The Company management is also responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15f. As of the end of the period covered by this report, management, under the supervision of the Company Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the Company internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework 2013 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company internal control over financial reporting was effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. The effectiveness of the Company internal control over financial reporting as of December26, 2015has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered certified public accounting firm, as stated in its report which is included herein.Changes in Internal Controls There have been no significant changes in the Company internal control over financial reporting during the Company fourthquarter that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect its internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15f promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Item1Business1Item! 1ARisk Factors6Item 1BUnresolved Staff  Proceedings9Item! 4Mine Safety Disclosures9Part IIItem 5Ma.Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.Certain information with regard to the directors of the Registrant as required by Item401 of Regulation S-K is set forth under the sub-caption Board of Directors appearing under the caption Election of Directors in the Proxy Statement related to the 2016Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May24, 2016and is incorporated herein by reference. The information as to the executive officers of the Registrant is included in Part I hereof under the caption Executive Officers of the Registrant in reliance upon General Instruction G to Form 10-K and Instruction 3 to Item401b of Regulation S-K. The section entitled Section 16a Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance appearing in the Registrant Proxy Statement for the 2016Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May24, 2016sets forth certain information as required by Item405 of Regulation S-K and is incorporated herein by reference. The section entitled Corporate Governance appearing in the Registrant Proxy Statement for the 2016Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May24, 2016sets forth certain information with respect to the Registrant code of conduct and ethics as required by Item406 of Regulation S-K and is incorporated herein by reference. There were no material changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to the registrant board of directors during 2015, as set forth by Item407c3. The sections entitled Corporate Governance and Board Committees appearing in the Registrant Proxy Statement for the 2016Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May24, 2016sets forth certain information regarding the Audit, Finance and Corporate Responsibility Committee, including the members of the Committee and the financial experts, as set forth by Item1Business1Item! 1ARisk Factors6Item 1BUnresolved Staff  Proceedings9Item! 4Mine Safety Disclosures9Part IIItem 5Ma.Executive Compensation.The information set forth under the caption Compensation of Directors and Executive Officers of the Proxy Statement relating to the 2016Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May24, 2016, and the information in such Proxy Statement relating to executive officers' and directors' compensation is incorporated herein by reference. The information set forth under the captions Board Committees and Compensation and Management Development Committee Report of the Proxy Statement relating to the 2016Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May24, 2016sets forth certain information as required by Item1Business1Item! 1ARisk Factors6Item 1BUnresolved Staff  Proceedings9Item! 4Mine Safety Disclosures9Part IIItem 5Ma.Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.The information set forth under the captions Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners, Security Ownership of Management and Equity Compensation Plan Information in the Proxy Statement relating to the 2016Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May24, 2016, is incorporated herein by reference.