ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
The financial statements required by this item are incorporated by reference to
pages 7 to 21 of the Company 2000 Annual Report to Shareholders. The
unaudited quarterly results of operations are incorporated by reference to page
21 of the Company 2000 Annual Report to Shareholders.
Item 1: Business                                2
Item 2: Properties                              19
Item 3: Legal Proceedings                           19
Item 4. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
The executive officers and directors of the Company and their respective ages as
of June 30, 2000 are as follows         Name      Age           Positions
Alex Chi-Ming Hui        43  Chief Executive Officer, President and
Chairman of the Board of Directors
Chi-Hung John Hui, Ph.D1  45  Vice President, Technology and Director
Patrick B. Brennan        62  Vice President, Finance and Administration
Tat C. Choi, Ph.D.        45  Vice President, Design Engineering
Mark Downing           40  Vice President, Marketing
Daniel W. Wark          44  Vice President, Operations
Hau L. Lee, Ph.D. 1      47  Director
Millard Mel Phelps 1     72  Director
Tay Thiam Song 2       45  Director
Jeffery Young 2        51  Director 1 Member of Audit Committee.
2 Member of Compensation Committee.
Alex Chi-Ming Hui has been Chief Executive Officer, President and a member of
the Board of Directors of the Company since its inception in June 1990, and was
elected Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company in July 1999. From
August 1982 to May 1990, Mr. Hui was employed by LSI Logic Corporation, most
recently as its Director of Advanced Development. From August 1980 to July 1982,
Mr. Hui was a member of the technical staff of Hewlett-Packard Company. Mr. Hui
holds a B.S.E.E. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and an M.S.E.E.
from the University of California at Los Angeles.
Chi-Hung John Hui, Ph.D., has been Vice President, Technology and a member of
the Board of Directors of the Company since its inception in June 1990. From
August 1987 to June 1990, Dr. Hui was employed by Integrated Device Technology,
most recently as Manager of its Research and Development Department. From August
1984 to August 1987, Dr. Hui was a member of the technical staff of Hewlett-
Packard Company. Dr. Hui holds a B.S.E.E. from Cornell University and an
M.S.E.E. and a Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering from the University of California
at Berkeley.
Patrick B. Brennan has been Vice President, Finance and Administration of the
Company since March 1993. From February 1991 to March 1993, Mr. Brennan was
employed by Datacord, Inc., a subsidiary of Newell Research, Inc., as its Vice
President, Finance, and from July 1985 to February 1991, he was employed as the
Vice President, Finance of SEEQ Technology, Inc. From January 1980 to June 1985,
he was employed by National Semiconductor Corporation, most recently as Vice
President and Treasurer. Mr. Brennan holds a B.S. in Business Administration
from Arizona State University.
Tat C. Choi, Ph.D., joined the Company in April 1998 as Vice President, Design
Engineering. From September 1996 to March 1998, Dr. Choi was employed by
Anacor, Inc., an engineering design service consulting firm that he founded.
Prior to working at Anacor, Inc. Dr. Choi was employed by Chrontel, Inc. most
recently as its Vice President, Engineering from September 1989 to August 1996.
Dr. Choi was employed by Advanced Micro Devices from February 1983 to August
1989 as a Senior Member of
21 Technical Staff. Dr. Choi holds a B.S. and M.S. in Electrical Engineering from
the University of Minnesota and a Ph.D. in EECS from the University of
California at Berkeley.
Mark Downing has been the Vice President, Marketing of the Company since October
1997. From March 1988 to October 1997, Mr. Downing was employed by National
Semiconductor Corporation most recently as the Marketing Director for Power
Management Products. Mr. Downing also held other senior marketing management
positions at National Semiconductor Corporation in the Amplifier Products,
Automotive Products and Analog Products divisions. Prior to National
Semiconductor Corporation Mr. Downing was employed by Ferranti Electronics Ltd.
from September 1983 to February 1988 most recently as a Senior Product Marketing
Engineer. Mr. Downing holds a B.S. in Physics from Aston University of
Birmingham, England and an MBA from Open University of Milton Keynes, England.
Daniel W. Wark joined the Company in April 1996 as its Director of Operations
and became its Vice President, Operations in July 1997. From May 1983 to
December 1995, Mr. Wark was employed by Linear Technology Corporation
Linear, most recently as Director of Corporate Services. Other positions
that Mr. Wark held at Linear included Managing Director of its Singapore
Operations and Production Control Manager. Prior to his employment with Linear,
Mr. Wark was employed by National Semiconductor Corporation and Avantek, Inc.
Mr. Wark holds a B.S. in Business Administration from San Jose State University
and an APICS certification.
Hau L. Lee, Ph.D, has been a member of the Board of Directors since July 1999.
From February 1997 through the present Dr. Lee has been Kleiner Perkins,
Mayfield, Sequoia Capital Professor in the Department of Industrial Engineering
and Engineering Management and from September 1998 through the present has been
Professor of Operations, Information and Technology Management at the Graduate
School of Business at Stanford University. From September 1992 through the
present he has been Professor of Industrial Engineering and Engineering
Management at Stanford University. He is the founding and current director of
the Stanford Global Supply Chain Management Forum, and has consulted extensively
for companies such as Hewlett Packard, Sun Microsystems, IBM, Xilinx
Corporation, Motorola, and Andersen Consulting. Dr. Lee is a graduate of the
University of Hong Kong and earned his M.S. in Operational Research from the
London School of Economics and his M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in Operations Research
from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania.
Millard Mel Phelps has been a member of the Board of Directors since July
1999. Mr. Phelps is a retired advisory director of Hambrecht and Quist H, a
position he held from September 1994 to July 1997. Prior to joining H in 1984
as a Principal in the firm and Senior Semiconductor Analyst, Mr. Phelps spent
23-years in the semiconductor industry in various management and corporate
officer positions. Mr. Phelps is currently serving as a Director of Trident
Microsystems and is also a director of four privately held companies. Mr. Phelps
holds a BSEE degree with honors from Case Reserve University.
Tay Thiam Song has been a member of the Board of Directors since June 1992. Mr.
Tay resides in Singapore, and, since 1985, has been serving as the Executive
Director of various companies in Singapore and Malaysia, including Daiman Group
a Malaysian public company and Chye Seng Tannery Pte Ltd. Mr. Tay holds a
B.A. in Accounting from the North East London Polytechnic University.
Jeffrey Young has been a member of the Board of Directors since August 1995.
Since 1988, Mr. Young has been a resident of Singapore and from 1990 to the
present has served as the Executive Director of Daiman Roof Tiles Sdn. Bhd., a
subsidiary of the Daiman Group, and from 1989 to the present as a Director of
Great Wall Brick Work Sdn. Bhd., and from 1993 to the present as a Director of
Daiman Singapore Pte Ltd., and has been a Director of Daiman Investments
Australia Pty. Ltd. from 1993 to the present. Mr. Young holds a B.S. from the
Electronic College of Canton, People Republic of China.
All directors of the Company serve until the next annual meeting of the
shareholders of the Company and until their successors have been duly elected
and qualified. Each officer serves at the discretion of the Board of Directors.
Mr. Hui and Dr. Hui are brothers, and Mr. Young and Mr. Tay are brothers-in-law.
22 There are no other family relationships among any of the directors, officers or
key employees of the Company.
Information regarding delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K
will be included in the section captioned Section 16a Beneficial Ownership
Reporting Compliance in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by
reference.
