Item 8.FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA  The report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements follow.
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
The Board of Directors and Stockholders
Sonic Solutions:  We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Sonic Solutions and subsidiaries as of March 31, 2005 and 2004, and the related
consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity and comprehensive income loss and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended March 31, 2005. In connection with our audits of the consolidated financial
statements, we also have audited financial statement schedule II. These consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Companys management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audits.  We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
55 Table of Contents
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of Sonic Solutions and subsidiaries as of March 31, 2005 and 2004 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended March 31, 2005, in conformity with U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly, in all material respects the
information set forth therein.  We also have audited, in
accordance with the standard of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the effectiveness of Sonic Solutions internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2005, based on criteria established in Internal
ControlIntegrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO, and our report dated June 29, 2005 expressed an unqualified opinion on managements assessment of, and an adverse opinion
on the effective operation of, internal control over financial reporting.  /s/ KPMG LLP  San Francisco, California June 29, 2005  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  The Board of Directors and Stockholders Sonic Solutions:  We have audited managements assessment, included in the accompanying Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting at
