ITEM 8.FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATAMERCURY SYSTEMS, INC.CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETSIn thousands, except share and per share dataJune 30,20162015AssetsCurrent assets:Cash and cash  receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $92 and $56 at June30, 2016 and 2015,  receivables and costs in excess of  income taxes3,4013,747Prepaid expenses and other current assets6,1228,678Total current  cash264264Property and equipment,  assets, net116,67317,998Deferred income taxes10,574Other non-current assets1,803915Total  and Shareholders EquityCurrent liabilities:Accounts payable$26,723$6,928Accrued expenses10,2739,005Accrued  revenues and customer advances7,3657,477Current portion of long-term debt10,000Total current  income taxes11,842Income taxes payable7001,459Long-term debt182,275Other non-current liabilities9911,998Total  and contingencies Note KShareholders equity:Preferred stock, $001 par value; 1,000,000 shares authorized; no shares issued or outstandingCommon stock, $001 par value; 85,000,000 shares authorized; 38,675,340 and 32,570,959 shares issued and outstanding at June30, 2016 and 2015, respectively387326Additional paid-in capital357,500254,568Retained  other comprehensive income947776Total shareholders equity473,044350,138Total liabilities and shareholders equity$736,496$386,880The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements49MERCURY SYSTEMS, INC.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME LOSSIn thousands, except per share dataFor the Years Ended June 30,201620152014Net  of   expenses:Selling, general and  and  of intangible  and other  of long-lived assets231Acquisition costs and other related expenses3,993117Total operating  loss from  income131219Interest expense1,1723449Other income, net2,3544531,532Income loss from continuing operations before income taxes25,28618,7955,913Tax provision  loss from continuing  from discontinued operations, net of income taxes4,0607,353Net income  net earnings loss per share:Income loss from continuing  from discontinued operations, net of income taxes013024Net income  net earnings loss per share:Income loss from continuing  from discontinued operations, net of income taxes013024Net income  shares  income loss:Net income  currency translation adjustments17123565Net unrealized loss on investments16Total comprehensive income  accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements50MERCURY SYSTEMS, INC.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITYFor the Years Ended June30, 2016, 2015and 2014In thousandsCommon  at June 30,  of common stock under employee stock incentive plans8118698706Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan92778778Stock-based compensation9,2449,244Tax shortfall from employee stock plan awards706706Net loss11,42511,425Net unrealized loss on investments1616Foreign currency translation adjustments6565Balance at June 30,  of common stock under employee stock incentive  of common stock under employee stock purchase plan791837838Retirement of common  compensation8,7288,728Tax benefit from employee stock plan awards525525Net income10,36910,369Foreign currency translation adjustments235235Balance at June 30,  of common stock under employee stock incentive  of common stock under employee stock purchase plan8811,2171,218Retirement of common  public stock  compensation9,6669,666Net income19,74219,742Share-based business combination consideration407407Foreign currency translation adjustments171171Balance at June 30,  accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements51MERCURY SYSTEMS, INC.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWSIn thousandsFor the Years Ended June 30,201620152014Cash flows from operating activities:Net income  to reconcile net income loss to net cash provided by operating activities:Depreciation and amortization  compensation  income  of goodwill and long-lived assets2312,2836,687Excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation94321Loss on sale of discontinued operations892Non-cash interest expense301Other non-cash items722495619Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of businesses acquired:Accounts receivable, unbilled receivables, and costs in excess of  income taxes3462,265887Prepaid expenses and other current assets2,9644,9643,728Other non-current assets7785651,006Accounts payable and accrued  revenues and customer advances1941,138129Income taxes payable253938274Other non-current liabilities6880311Net cash provided by operating  flows from investing activities:Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired309,756Purchases of property and  from sale of discontinued operations885Increase in other investing activities56749919Net cash used in investing  flows from financing activities:Proceeds from equity offering, net92,778Proceeds from employee stock plans8,0974,5481,484Payment for retirement of common stock7,955944Excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation94321Proceeds from issuance of term debt, net194,900Payments of debt issuance cost2,926Payments of capital lease obligations642763Net cash provided by financing  of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents479215102Net increase in cash and cash  and cash equivalents at beginning of year77,58647,28739,126Cash and cash equivalents at end of year$81,691$77,586$47,287Cash paid during the period   disclosuresnon-cash activities:Issuance of restricted stock awards to  business combination consideration$407$$Capital lease financings 494The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements52Table of ContentsMERCURY SYSTEMS, INC.NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSAmounts in thousands, except per share dataA.Description of BusinessMercury Systems, Inc. the Company or Mercury is a leading commercial provider of secure processing subsystems designed and made in the U.S.A. Optimized for customer and mission success, its solutions power a wide variety of critical defense and intelligence programs. Headquartered in Chelmsford, Massachusetts, it is pioneering a next-generation defense electronics business model specifically designed to meet the industry current and emerging technology and business needs. The Company delivers affordable innovative solutions, rapid time-to-value and service and support to its defense prime contractor customers. The Company products and solutions have been deployed in more than 300programs with over 25different defense prime contractors. Key programs include Aegis, Patriot, Surface Electronic Warfare Improvement Program SEWIP, Gorgon Stare, Predator, F-35 and Reaper. The Company organizational structure allows it to deliver capabilities that combine technology building blocks and deep domain expertise in the defense sector.On May 2, 2016, the Company acquired the custom microelectronics, RF and microwave solutions, and embedded security operations from Microsemi Corporation the Carve-Out Business, resulting in the entities comprising the Carve-Out Business becoming 100% owned direct or indirect subsidiaries of Mercury the Acquisition. Under the terms of the Stock Purchase Agreement, the Company paid $300,000in cash on a cash-free, debt-free basis, subject to working capital and other post-closing adjustments. On December 16, 2015, the Company acquired Lewis Innovative Technologies, Inc. LIT for $10,000in cash on a cash-free, debt-free basis, subject to working capital and other post-closing adjustments. See Note C to consolidated financial statements. During fiscal 2016, the Company completed a series of important internal organizational changes in order to integrate, align and scale the Company into one business. In addition, over the past several years, the Company has completed several acquisitions, culminating with the Acquisition on May 2, 2016 to support its strategy of creating abetter alternative for affordable, secure processing subsystems designed and made in the U.S.A. These strategic acquisitions and the associated operational and managerial changes finalized the transformation of the way the Company executive management team, including the CEO as the chief operating decision maker CODM, manage, evaluate and review the business, including how the CODM allocates resources and assesses performance. Therefore, during the fourth quarter ended June 30, 2016, the Company eliminated the use of Mercury Commercial Electronics MCE and Mercury Defense Systems MDS as reportable segments because the analogous operating segments ceased to exist. The Company is now comprised of one operating and reportable segment. The Company utilized the management approach for determining its operating segment in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Boards FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 280, Segment Reporting FASB ASC 280.In June 2014, the Company initiated a plan to divest its Mercury Intelligence Systems MIS business, based on the Company strategic direction and investment priorities focusing on its core business. As a result, the Company MIS business met the held for sale criteria in accordance with FASB ASC 205,Presentation of Financial Statements,as of June 30, 2014 see Note Q to consolidated financial statements. On January 23, 2015, the Company completed the sale of its MIS business. The consolidated financial statements, excluding the statements of shareholders' equity and cash flows, and the notes to the consolidated financial statements were restated for all periods presented to reflect the discontinuation of the MIS business, in accordance with FASB ASC 205.B.Summary of Significant Accounting  consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. USEOFESTIMATESThe preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those  Company utilizes the acquisition method of accounting under FASB ASC 805, Business Combinations,FASB ASC 805, for all transactions and events which it obtains control over one or more other businesses, to recognize the fair value of all assets and liabilities acquired, even if less than one hundred percent ownership is acquired, and in establishing the acquisition date fair value as measurement date for all assets and liabilities assumed. The Company also utilizes FASB ASC 805 for the initial 53Table of Contentsrecognition and measurement, subsequent measurement and accounting, and disclosure of assets and liabilities arising from contingencies in business combinations. Other estimates include: estimated step-ups for the fixed assets and inventory;estimated fair values of intangible assets; andestimated income tax assets and liabilities assumed from the acquiree.While the Company uses its best estimates and assumptions as part of the purchase price allocation process to accurately value assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the business acquisition date, the estimates and assumptions are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. As a result, during the purchase price allocation period, which is generally one year from the business acquisition date, the Company records adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. For changes in the valuation of intangible assets between the preliminary and final purchase price allocation, the related amortization is adjusted in the period it occurs. Subsequent to the purchase price allocation period, any adjustment to assets acquired or liabilities assumed is included in operating results in the period in which the adjustment is determined. REVENUERECOGNITIONThe Company relies upon FASB ASC 605, Revenue Recognition,to account for its revenue transactions. Revenue is recognized upon shipment provided that title and risk of loss have passed to the customer, there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement, the sales price is fixed or determinable, collection of the related receivable is reasonably assured, and customer acceptance criteria, if any, have been successfully demonstrated. Out-of-pocket expenses that are reimbursable by the customer are included in revenue and cost of revenue.Certain contracts with customers require the Company to perform tests of its products prior to shipment to ensure their performance complies with the Companys published product specifications and, on occasion, with additional customer-requested specifications. In these cases, the Company conducts such tests and, if they are completed successfully, includes a written confirmation with each order shipped. As a result, at the time of each product shipment, the Company believes that no further customer testing requirements exist and that there is no uncertainty of acceptance by its customer.The Company uses FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU No2009-13 FASB ASU 2009-13, Multiple-Deliverable Revenue Arrangements. FASB ASU 2009-13 establishes a selling price hierarchy for determining the selling price of a deliverable, which includes: 1vendor-specific objective evidence VSOE if available; 2 third-party evidence TPE if VSOE is not available; and 3 best estimated selling price BESP, if neither VSOE nor TPE is available.Additionally, FASB ASU 2009-13 expands the disclosure requirements related to a vendors multiple-deliverable revenue arrangements.The Company enters into multiple-deliverable arrangements that may include a combination of hardware components, related integration or other services. These arrangements generally do not include any performance-, cancellation-, termination- or refund-type provisions. In accordance with the provisions of FASB ASU 2009-13, the Company allocates arrangement consideration to each deliverable in an arrangement based on its relative selling price. The Company generally expects that it will not be able to establish VSOE or TPE due to limited single element transactions and the nature of the markets in which the Company competes, and, as such, the Company typically determines its relative selling price using BESP.The Company uses BESP in its allocation of arrangement consideration. The objective of BESP is to determine the price at which the Company would transact if the product or service were sold by the Company on a standalone basis.The Companys determination of BESP involves the consideration of several factors based on the specific facts and circumstances of each arrangement. Specifically, the Company considers the cost to produce the deliverable, the anticipated margin on that deliverable, the selling price and profit margin for similar parts, the Companys ongoing pricing strategy and policies as evident from the price list established and updated by management on a regular basis, the value of any enhancements that have been built into the deliverable and the characteristics of the varying markets in which the deliverable is sold.The Company analyzes the selling prices used in its allocation of arrangement consideration at a minimum on an annual basis. Selling prices will be analyzed on a more frequent basis if a significant change in the Companys business necessitates a more timely analysis or if the Company experiences significant variances in its selling prices.Each deliverable within the Companys multiple-deliverable revenue arrangements is accounted for as a separate unit of accounting under the guidance of FASB ASU 2009-13 if both of the following criteria are met: the delivered item or items have value to the customer on a standalone basis; and for an arrangement that includes a general right of return relative to the delivered items, delivery or performance of the undelivered items is considered probable and substantially in the control of the Company. The Companys revenue arrangements generally do not include a general right of return relative to delivered products. The Company considers a deliverable to have standalone value if the item is sold separately by the Company or another vendor or if the item could be resold by the customer. 54Table of ContentsDeliverables not meeting the criteria for being a separate unit of accounting are combined with a deliverable that does meet that criterion. The appropriate allocation of arrangement consideration and recognition of revenue is then determined for the combined unit of accounting.The Company also engages in long-term contracts for development, production and services activities which it accounts for consistent with FASB ASC 605-35, Accounting for Performance of Construction-Type and Certain Production-Type Contracts, and other relevant revenue recognition accounting literature. The Company considers the nature of these contracts and the types of products and services provided when determining the proper accounting for a particular contract. Generally for fixed-price contracts, other than service-type contracts, revenue is recognized primarily under the percentage of completion method or, for certain short-term contracts, by the completed contract method. Revenue from service-type fixed-price contracts is recognized ratably over the contract period or by other appropriate input or output methods to measure service provided, and contract costs are expensed as incurred. The Company establishes billing terms at the time project deliverables and milestones are agreed. Revenues recognized in excess of the amounts invoiced to clients are classified as unbilled receivables. The Company expects to bill substantially all of the unbilled receivables during fiscal 2017. The risk to the Company on a fixed-price contract is that if estimates to complete the contract change from one period to the next, profit levels will vary from period to period. For time and materials contracts, revenue reflects the number of direct labor hours expended in the performance of a contract multiplied by the contract billing rate, as well as reimbursement of other billable direct costs. For all types of contracts, the Company recognizes anticipated contract losses as soon as they become known and estimable. The Company also considers whether contracts should be combined or segmented in accordance with the applicable criteria under GAAP. The Company combines closely related contracts when all the applicable criteria under GAAP are met. The combination of two or more contracts requires judgment in determining whether the intent of entering into the contracts was effectively to enter into a single project, which should be combined to reflect an overall profit rate. Similarly, the Company may separate a project, which may consist of a single contract or group of contracts, with varying rates of profitability, only if the applicable criteria under GAAP are met. Judgment also is involved in determining whether a single contract or group of contracts may be segmented based on how the arrangement was negotiated and the performance criteria. The decision to combine a group of contracts or segment a contract could change the amount of revenue and gross profit recorded in a given period.The use of contract accounting requires significant judgment relative to estimating total contract revenues and costs, including assumptions relative to the length of time to complete the contract, the nature and complexity of the work to be performed, anticipated increases in wages and prices for subcontractor services and materials, and the availability of subcontractor services and materials. The Companys estimates are based upon the professional knowledge and experience of its engineers, program managers and other personnel, who review each long-term contract monthly to assess the contracts schedule, performance, technical matters and estimated cost at completion. Changes in estimates are applied retrospectively and when adjustments in estimated contract costs are identified, such revisions may result in current period adjustments to earnings applicable to performance in prior periods.Contract costs also may include estimated contract recoveries for matters such as contract changes and claims for unanticipated contract costs. The Company records revenue associated with these matters only when the amount of recovery can be estimated reliably and realization is probable. Assumed recoveries for claims included in contracts in process were not material at June 30, 2016 or 2015. The Company defines service revenues as revenue from activities that are not associated with the design, development, production, or delivery of tangible assets, software or specific capabilities sold. Examples of the Company service revenues include: analyst services and systems engineering support, consulting, maintenance and other support, testing and installation. The Company combines its product and service revenues into a single class as service revenues are less than 10 percent of total revenues. The Company does not provide its customers with rights of product return, other than those related to warranty provisions that permit repair or replacement of defective goods. The Company accrues for anticipated warranty costs upon product shipment. Revenues from product royalties are recognized upon invoice by the Company. Additionally, all revenues are reported net of government assessed taxes e.g. sales taxes or value-added  equivalents, consisting of highly liquid money market funds and U.S. government and U.S. government agency issues with original maturities of 90days or less at the date of purchase, are carried at fair market value which approximates cost. RESTRICTED CASHThe Company had restricted cash balances of $264at June30, 2016and 2015. The balances are classified as restricted cash on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet and are reflected in non-current assets. The balances at June 30, 2016and 2015included restrictions related to certain contracts with foreign customers that require a certificate of deposit to be held at a commercial bank until performance of the contracts have been completed. 55Table of ContentsFAIRVALUE OFFINANCIALINSTRUMENTSThe Company measures at fair value certain financial assets and liabilities, including cash equivalents, restricted cash and contingent consideration. FASB ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement and Disclosures, specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based on whether the inputs to those valuation techniques are observable or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect the Companys market assumptions. These two types of inputs have created the following fair-value hierarchy:Level1Quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets;Level2Quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active, and model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs and significant value drivers are observable in active markets;andLevel3Valuations derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs or significant value drivers are  instruments that potentially expose the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash, cash equivalents and accounts receivable. The Company places its cash and cash equivalents with financial institutions that management believes are of high credit quality. At June30, 2016and 2015, the Company had $81,691and $77,586, respectively, of cash and cash equivalents on deposit or invested with its financial and lending institutions.The Company provides credit to customers in the normal course of business. The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers financial condition and limits the amount of credit extended when deemed necessary. At June30, 2016, fivecustomers accounted for 50%of the Company receivables, unbilled receivables and costs in excess of billings. At June30, 2015, fivecustomers accounted for 55%of the Companys receivables, unbilled receivables and costs in excess of billings. INVENTORYInventory is stated at the lower of cost first-in, first-out or market value, and consists of materials, labor and overhead. On a quarterly basis, the Company evaluates inventory for net realizable value. Once an item is written down, the value becomes the new inventory cost basis. The Company reduces the value of inventory for excess and obsolete inventory, consisting of on-hand and non-cancelable on-order inventory in excess of estimated usage. The excess and obsolete inventory evaluation is based upon assumptions about future demand, product mix and possible alternative uses.SEGMENT INFORMATIONThe Company uses the management approach for segment disclosure, which designates the internal organization that is used by management for making operating decisions and assessing performance as the source of its reportable segments. The Company manages its business on the basis of one reportable segment, as a commercial provider of secure processing subsystems for critical defense and intelligence  is the amount by which the cost of the net assets obtained in a business acquisition exceeded the fair values of the net identifiable assets on the date of purchase. Goodwill is not amortized in accordance with the requirements of FASB ASC 350, Intangibles-Goodwill and OtherFASB ASC 350. Goodwill is assessed for impairment at least annually, on a reporting unit basis, or when events and circumstances occur indicating that the recorded goodwill may be impaired. If the book value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the implied fair value of goodwill is compared with the carrying amount of goodwill. If the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the implied fair value, an impairment loss is recorded in an amount equal to that excess.Intangible assets result from the Companys various business acquisitions see Note H and certain licensed technologies, and consist of identifiable intangible assets, including completed technology, licensing agreements, customer relationships, trademarks, backlog, and non-compete agreements. Intangible assets are reported at cost, net of accumulated amortization and are either amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of up to twelveyears or over the period the economic benefits of the intangible asset are consumed. 56Table of  assets primarily include property and equipment and acquired intangible assets. The Company regularly evaluates its long-lived assets for events and circumstances that indicate a potential impairment in accordance with FASB ASC 360, Property, Plant, and EquipmentFASB ASC 360. The Company reviews long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be fully recoverable or that the useful lives of these assets are no longer appropriate. Each impairment test is based on a comparison of the estimated undiscounted cash flows of the asset as compared to the recorded value of the asset. If impairment is indicated, the asset is written down to its estimated fair value.Property and equipment are the long-lived, physical assets of the Company acquired for use in the Companys normal business operations and are not intended for resale by the Company. These assets are recorded at cost. Renewals and betterments that increase the useful lives of the assets are capitalized. Repair and maintenance expenditures that increase the efficiency of the assets are expensed as incurred. Equipment under capital lease is recorded at the present value of the minimum lease payments required during the lease period. Depreciation is based on the estimated useful lives of the assets using the straight-line method see Note F.As assets are retired or sold, the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is included in the results of operations.Expenditures for major software purchases and software developed for internal use are capitalized and depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets, which are generally threeyears. For software developed for internal use, all external direct costs for material and services and certain payroll and related fringe benefit costs are capitalized in accordance with FASB ASC 350. During fiscal 2016, 2015and 2014, the Company capitalized $0, $0and $362of software development costs.  revenues consist of deferred product revenue, billings in excess of revenues, and deferred service revenue. Deferred product revenue represents amounts that have been invoiced to customers, but are not yet recognizable as revenue because one or more of the conditions for revenue recognition have not been met. Billings in excess of revenues represents milestone billing arrangements on percentage of completion projects where the billings of the contract exceed recognized revenues. Deferred service revenue primarily represents amounts invoiced to customers for annual maintenance contracts or extended warranty concessions, which are recognized ratably over the term of the arrangements. Customer advances represent deposits received from customers on an order.INCOMETAXESThe Company accounts for income taxes under FASB ASC 740, Income TaxesFASB ASC 740. The Company recognizes deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the Companys consolidated financial statements. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The Company records a valuation allowance against net deferred tax assets if, based upon the available evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.FASB ASC 740 requires a two-step approach to recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions. First, the tax position must be evaluated to determine the likelihood that it will be sustained upon external examination. If the tax position is deemed more-likely-than-not to be sustained, the tax position is then assessed to determine the amount of benefit to recognize in the financial statements. The amount of the benefit that may be recognized is the largest amount that has a greater than 50%likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. The Company recognizes interest and penalties accrued on any unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax  Companys product sales generally include a 12month standard hardware warranty. At time of product shipment, the Company accrues for the estimated cost to repair or replace potentially defective products. Estimated warranty costs are based upon prior actual warranty costs for substantially similar transactions and any specifically identified warranty requirements. Product warranty accrual is included as part of accrued expenses in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The following table presents the changes in the Company product warranty accrual57Table of  balance at  assumed from Carve-Out Business114Accruals for warranties issued during the  made during the  balance at  and development costs are expensed as incurred. Research and development costs are primarily made up of labor charges and prototype material and development  compensation cost is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and is recognized as expense over the requisite service period, which generally represents the vesting period, and includes an estimate of the awards that will be forfeited. Stock-based compensation expense for the Companys performance-based restricted stock awards are amortized over the requisite service period using graded vesting. The Companys other restricted stock awards recognize expense over the requisite service period on a straight-line basis. The Company uses the Black-Scholes valuation model for estimating the fair value on the date of grant of stock options. RETIREMENT OF COMMON STOCKStock that is repurchased or received in connection with the exercise of stock options or in order to cover tax payment obligations triggered by exercise of stock options or the vesting of restricted stock is retired immediately upon the Companys repurchase. The Company accounts for this under the cost method and upon retirement the excess amount over par value is charged against additional paid-in  net earnings per share is calculated by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net earnings per share computation includes the effect of shares which would be issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options and the vesting of restricted stock, reduced by the number of shares which are assumed to be purchased by the Company under the treasury stock method. For all periods presented, income loss from continuing operations is the control number for determining whether securities are dilutive or not. Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding were as follows:Years Ended June30,201620152014Basic weighted-average shares  of dilutive equity instruments856825Diluted weighted-average shares  instruments to purchase 7, 453and 3,526shares of common stock were not included in the calculation of diluted net earnings per share for the fiscal years ended June30, 2016, 2015and 2014, respectively, because the equity instruments were  other comprehensive income includes foreign currency translation adjustments and unrealized gains on investments. The components of accumulated other comprehensive income were $947and $776of accumulated foreign currency translation adjustments at June 30, 2016and 2015. There were nomaterial accumulated net unrealized gains on investments at June 30, 2016and 2015. FOREIGNCURRENCYLocal currencies are the functional currency for the Companys subsidiaries in Europe and Japan. The accounts of foreign subsidiaries are translated using exchange rates in effect at period-end for assets and liabilities and at average exchange rates during the period for results of operations. The related translation adjustments are reported in accumulated other comprehensive income in shareholders equity. Gains losses resulting from foreign currency transactions are included in other income expense and were immaterial for all periods presented58Table of  May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, which requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. The ASU will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in U.S. GAAP when it becomes effective. The new standard is effective for the Company on July 1, 2018 and can be early adopted for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2017. The standard permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. The Company is evaluating the effect that ASU 2014-09 will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. The Company has not yet selected a transition method nor has it determined the effect of the standard on its ongoing financial reporting. In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15, Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entitys Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, an amendment of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. The ASU has added additional disclosure requirements to the codification. It requires management to assess, at each interim and annual reporting period, whether substantial doubt exists about the Companys ability to continue as a going concern. Substantial doubt exists if it is probable the probable threshold under U.S. GAAP has generally been interpreted to be between 75 and 80 percent that the Company will be unable to meet its obligations as they become due within one year after the date the financial statements are issued or available to be issued assessment date. The ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December15, 2016, and interim periods thereafter, with early adoption permitted. The Company does not expect a going concern uncertainty in the foreseeable future, and therefore this guidance is not expected to have a material impact to its consolidated financial statements.In January 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-01, Simplifying Income Statement Presentation by Eliminating the Concept of Extraordinary Items, an amendment of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. This ASU eliminates the separate presentation of extraordinary items, net of tax and the related earnings per share, but does not affect the requirement to disclose material items that are unusual in nature or infrequently occurring. The ASU aligns U.S. GAAP more closely with IFRS International Financial Reporting Standards. Entities will continue to evaluate whether items are unusual in nature or infrequent in their occurrence for disclosure purposes and when estimating the annual effective tax rate for interim reporting purposes. This ASU is effective for interim and annual periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015. The ASU allows prospective or retrospective applications. Early adoption is permitted if applied from the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The Company does not expect this guidance to have a material impact to its consolidated financial statements. In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11, Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory, an amendment of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. This ASU changes the measurement principle for inventory from the lower of cost or market to lower of cost and net realizable value for entities that do not measure inventory using the last-in, first-out or retail inventory method. The ASU also eliminates the requirement for these entities to consider replacement cost or net realizable value less an approximately normal profit margin when measuring inventory. The ASU is effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those years. The ASU requires prospective adoption and permits early adoption. The Company is evaluating the effect that ASU 2015-11 will have on its consolidated financial statements.In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases Topic 842, an amendment of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. This ASU requires lessees to recognize a right-of-use asset and lease liability for most lease arrangements. This ASU 2016-02 is effective for public business entities for annual and interim periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018. The standard mandates a modified retrospective transition method for all entities and early adoption is permitted. The Company is evaluating the effect that ASU 2016-02 will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. RECENTLY ADOPTED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTSEffective October 1, 2015, the Company adopted FASB ASU No. 2014-17, Pushdown Accounting a consensus of the FASB Emerging Issues Task Force, an amendment of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification.This ASU allows an acquired entity to elect to apply pushdown accounting in its separate financial statements on a change-in-control event. The acquired entity elects whether to apply pushdown accounting individually for each change-in-control event, and may apply pushdown accounting during the reporting period in which the change-in-control event occurs. Such adoption did not have any impact to the consolidated financial statements. Effective January 1, 2016, the Company adopted FASB ASU No. 2015-16, Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments, an amendment of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. This ASU eliminates the requirement for an acquirer to retrospectively adjust the financial statements for measurement-period adjustments that occur in periods after a business combination is consummated. Such adoption did not have any impact to the consolidated financial statements.Effective April 1, 2016, the Company adopted FASB ASU No. 2015-17, Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes, an amendment of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. This ASU simplifies the presentation of deferred taxes by requiring deferred tax assets and liabilities be classified as non-current on the balance sheet. The ASU is effective for the Company on July 1, 2017; however, the Company has elected to early adopt as permitted by the guidance. Upon adoption, the Company applied 59Table of ContentsASU 2015-17 to its deferred taxes and presented deferred taxes as non-current on the consolidated balance sheets on a retrospective basis. Such adoption did not have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations.The following table summarizes the adjustments made as of June 30, 2015 to conform prior period classifications under the new guidance:Balance Sheet Line ItemBalance Prior to AdoptionIncrease / DecreaseAs AdjustedCurrent deferred income tax assetsDeferred income  deferred income tax assetsOther non-current assets1,2759,29910,574Total tax  deferred income tax liabilitiesDeferred income taxes$3,108$3,108$Total tax liabilities3,1083,108Net deferred tax asset$10,574$$10,574Effective April 1, 2016, the Company adopted FASB ASU 2016-09, Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting, an amendment of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. This ASU was issued as part of the FASBs simplification initiative, and intends to improve the accounting for share-based payment transactions. The ASU changes several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions, including: 1 accounting for excess tax benefits and shortfalls, 2 forfeitures, 3 tax withholding requirements, and 4 cash flow classifications. The ASU is effective for the Company on July 1, 2017; however, the Company has elected to early adopt on a prospective basis as of the first day of its fiscal year July 1, 2015 as permitted by the guidance. Upon adoption, recognition of excess tax benefits and tax shortfalls resulted in the recognition of $1,100of excess tax benefits as a benefit to income taxes in its consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income loss. In addition, cash flows related to excess tax benefits will no longer be separately classified as a financing activity apart from other income tax cash flows. The Company has elected to continue to estimate expected forfeitures of employee equity awards to determine the amount of compensation expense to be recognized in each year and the changes in tax withholding requirements had no impact to the Company consolidated financial statements in fiscal 2016.Effective April 1, 2016, the Company adopted FASB ASU 2015-03, Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs, an amendment of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. This ASU requires entities to present debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability on the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the debt liability, similar to the presentation of debt discounts. Upon adoption, the Company no longer records the cost of issuing debt as a separate deferred financing asset. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, the Company entered into an credit agreement that provided for a $200,000term loan facility and a $100,000revolving credit facility. The Company incurred debt issuance costs of $8,026which were recorded as a direct deduction to the long-term debt and will be amortized over the term of the term loan.  AQUISITIONOn March 23, 2016, the Company and Microsemi Corporation Microsemi entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement, pursuant to which, Microsemi agreed to sell all the membership interests in its custom microelectronics, RF and microwave solutions and embedded security operations the Carve-Out Business to the Company for $300,000in cash on a cash-free, debt-free basis, subject to a working capital adjustment. On May 2, 2016, the transaction closed and the Company acquired the Carve-Out Business. Pursuant to the terms of the Stock Purchase Agreement, all outstanding Carve-Out Business employee stock awards that were unvested at the closing were replaced by Mercury.The replacement stock awards granted were determined based on a conversion ratio provided in the Stock Purchase Agreement. Mercury funded the acquisition with a combination of a new $200,000bank term loan facility see Note L and cash on hand, which included net proceeds of approximately $92,788raised from an underwritten common stock public offering see Note M. 60Table of ContentsThe following table presents the net purchase price and the preliminary fair values of the assets and liabilities of the Carve-Out Business: AmountsConsideration transferredCash paid at closing$300,000Value allocated to replacement awards407Net purchase price$300,407Estimated fair value of tangible assets acquired and liabilities assumedAccounts receivable and cost in excess of  assets14,021Other current and non-current assets524Current liabilities4,263Non-current deferred tax liabilities25,477Estimated fair value of net tangible assets acquired27,364Estimated fair value of identifiable intangible assets102,800Estimated goodwill170,243Estimated fair value of assets acquired$300,407Net purchase price$300,407The amounts above represent the preliminary fair value estimates as of June30, 2016and are subject to subsequent adjustment as the Company obtains additional information during the measurement period and finalizes its fair value estimates. The preliminary identifiable intangible asset estimates include customer relationships of $70,900, completed technology of $29,700and backlog of $2,200. Any subsequent adjustments to these fair value estimates occurring during the measurement period will result in an adjustment to goodwill. The goodwill of $170,243largely reflects the potential synergies and expansion of the Company offerings across product lines and markets complementary to the Company existing products and markets. The Carve-Out Business provides the Company with additional capability and expertise related to embedded security custom microelectronics, and microwave and radio frequency technology. The acquisition is directly aligned with the Company strategy of expanding its capabilities, services and offerings along the sensor processing chain. The goodwill from this acquisition is reported under the Carve-Out Business reporting unit. As of June 30, 2016, the Company had $29,684of goodwill deductible for tax purposes.The revenues and net income from the Carve-Out Business included in the Company consolidated results for the fiscal year ended June30, 2016were $16,638and $1,345, respectively. The Carve-Out Business acquisition costs and other related expenses were $2,012during the year ended June30, 2016.Pro Forma Financial InformationThe following tables summarize the supplemental statements of operations information on an unaudited pro forma basis as if the Carve-Out Business acquisition had occurred on July 1, 2014:Year Ended June 30,20162015Pro forma net revenues$344,601$333,362Pro forma net income$18,125$5,697Basic pro forma net earnings per share$047$015Diluted pro forma net earnings per share$046$015The unaudited pro forma results presented above are for illustrative purposes only for the applicable periods and do not purport to be indicative of the actual results which would have occurred had the transaction been completed as of the beginning of the period, nor are they indicative of results of operations which may occur in the future. 61Table of  December 16, 2015, the Company entered into a share purchase agreement the Share Purchase Agreement with Lewis Innovative Technologies, Inc. LIT and the holders of the equity interests of LIT. Pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement, the Company completed its purchase of all of the equity interests in LIT, and LIT became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Based in Decatur, Alabama, LIT provides advanced security technology and development services necessary for protecting systems critical to national security while meeting strict Department of Defense DoD program protection requirements. The Company acquired LIT for a cash purchase price of $9,756. The Company funded the purchase with cash on hand. The purchase price was subject to a post-closing adjustment based on a determination of LIT closing net working capital. In accordance with the Share Purchase Agreement,$1,000of the purchase price was placed into escrow to support the post-closing working capital adjustment and the sellers' indemnification obligations. The escrow is available for indemnification claims throughJune16, 2017. The Company acquired LIT free of debt.The following table presents the net purchase price and the preliminary fair values of the assets and liabilities of LIT:AmountsConsideration transferredCash paid at closing$10,290Working capital adjustment244Less cash and cash equivalents acquired290Net purchase price$9,756Estimated fair value of tangible assets acquired and liabilities assumedCash and cash equivalents$290Accounts receivable and cost in excess of billings290Other current and non-current assets132Current liabilities264Estimated fair value of net tangible assets acquired448Estimated fair value of identifiable intangible assets3,960Estimated goodwill5,638Estimated fair value of assets acquired10,046Less cash and cash equivalents acquired290Net purchase price$9,756The amounts above represent the preliminary fair value estimates as of June30, 2016and are subject to subsequent adjustment as the Company obtains additional information during the measurement period and finalizes its fair value estimates. The preliminary identifiable intangible asset estimates include completed technology of $3,240, customer relationships of $590and backlog of $130. Any subsequent adjustments to these fair value estimates occurring during the measurement period will result in an adjustment to goodwill. The goodwill of $5,638arising from the LIT acquisition largely reflects the potential synergies and expansion of the Company service offerings across product lines and markets complementary to the Companys existing products and markets. The LIT acquisition provides the Company with additional capabilities and expertise related to secure embedded processing applications. The acquisition is directly aligned with the Company strategy of assembling critical and differentiated capabilities across the entire sensor processing chain. The goodwill from the LIT acquisition is included in the Company Mercury Defense Systems MDS reporting unit.The Company and the shareholders of LIT have agreed to treat the acquisition of LIT as an asset purchase for tax purposes by filing the required election forms under IRC Section 338h10. The Company has estimated the tax value of the intangible assets from this transaction and is amortizing the amount over 15 yearsfor tax purposes. As of June30, 2016, the Company had $5,638of goodwill deductible for tax purposes.Pursuant to the completion of the LIT acquisition, the Company incurred $231of impairment expense related to a pre-existing relationship between the Company and LIT. LIT acquisition costs and other related expenses were immaterial during the year ended June30, 2016. Additionally, the Company has not furnished pro forma financial information relating to LIT because such information is not material to the Company financial results62Table of ContentsD.Fair Value of Financial InstrumentsThe following table summarizes the Companys financial assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis at June30, 2016: FairValueMeasurementsJune 30,  of  carrying values of cash and cash equivalents, including money market funds, restricted cash, accounts receivable and payable, and accrued liabilities approximate fair value due to the short-term maturities of these assets and liabilities. The fair value of the Companys certificates of deposit are determined through quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active or are directly or indirectly observable. The Company determined the face value of its long-term debt approximates fair value at June 30, 2016 due to the recent issuance and stability of interest rates during this period. The cost-method investment, which is presented within other non-current assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, does not have a readily determinable fair value, as such the Company recorded the investment at cost and will continue to evaluate the asset for impairment on a quarterly basis. The following table summarizes the Companys financial assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis at June30,  30,  of  was comprised of the following:June30,20162015Raw materials$31,205$15,864Work in process15,96711,190Finished  $26,324increase in inventory was primarily due to the inclusion of inventory from the Carve-Out Business. There are noamounts in inventory relating to contracts having production cycles longer than one year. 63Table of ContentsF.Property and EquipmentProperty and equipment consisted of the  equipment and  and fixtures58,5477,614Leasehold  life or lease term8,5154,003Machinery and  accumulated  $15,111increase in property and equipment was primarily due to the inclusion of fixed assets from the Carve-Out Business. In fiscal 2016and 2015, the Company retired $32and $733, respectively, of fully depreciated computer equipment and software assets that were no longer in use by the Company.Depreciation expense related to property and equipment for the fiscal years ended June30, 2016, 2015and 2014was $6,900, $6,332and $7,625, respectively.On April20, 2007, the Company entered into a sales agreement and a lease agreement in connection with a sale-leaseback of the Companys headquarters in Chelmsford, Massachusetts. Pursuant to the agreements, the Company sold all land, land improvements, buildings and building improvements related to the facilities and leased back those assets. The term of the lease is tenyears and includes twofiveyear options to renew, which the Company does not plan to exercise. Under the provisions of sale-leaseback accounting, the transaction was considered a normal leaseback; thus the realized gain of $11,569was deferred and will be amortized to other income on a straight-line basis over the initial lease term.The unamortized deferred gain consisted of the following of which the current portion is included in accrued expenses and the non-current portion is separately classified within other non-current liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets:June30,20162015Current portion$929$1,156Non-current portion929Total unamortized deferred gain$929$2,085G.GoodwillThe following table summarizes the changes in goodwill at the Company three reporting units for the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015:MCEMDSCarve-Out BusinessTotalBalance at June 30, 2014 and  arising from the LIT acquisition5,6385,638Goodwill arising from the Carve-Out Business  at June30,  accordance with FASB ASC 350, Intangibles-Goodwill and OtherFASB ASC 350, the Company determines its reporting units based upon whether discrete financial information is available, if management regularly reviews the operating results of the component, the nature of the products offered to customers and the market characteristics of each reporting unit. A reporting unit is considered to be an operating segment or one level below an operating segment also known as a component. Component level financial information is reviewed by management at: Mercury Commercial Electronics MCE and Mercury Defense Systems MDS. On May 2, 2016, the Company completed the Carve-Out Business acquisition for which discrete financial information is reviewed by management. 64Table of ContentsAs defined by FASB ASC 350, goodwill is tested for impairment on an interim basis at the occurrence of certain triggering events or at a minimum on an annual basis. In fiscal 2016, there were no triggering events which required an interim goodwill impairment test. The Company follows FASB ASC 350 in assessing whether the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. As of June30, 2016, MCE, MDS and the Carve-Out Business had goodwill balances and the annual impairment analysis was performed for each reporting unit in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016. The results of the Company step one interim goodwill impairment test indicated that the fair values of the MCE and MDS reporting units were substantially in excess of their carrying values, and the Carve-Out Business reporting unit carrying value was equal to its fair value. As such, step two of the goodwill impairment testing was not required. The valuation of the MCE, MDS reporting units was based upon a discounted cash flow model and corroborated by a market-based analysis which compares the trading multiples of public companies in similar lines of business. The valuation of the Carve-Out Business reporting unit, as of May 2, 2016, was determined using the income approach based upon a discounted cash flow model, which we also utilized for our May 31, 2016 impairment test because of the proximity in time and no changes in financial projections. H.Intangible AssetsIntangible assets consisted of the  2016Customer  yearsLicensing agreements and patents7563871840 yearsCompleted    2015Customer  yearsLicensing agreements and patents2,2452,09614950 yearsCompleted   future amortization expense for intangible assets remaining at June30, 2016is as  future amortization expense$116,67365Table of ContentsThe following table summarizes the preliminary estimated fair value of acquired intangible assets arising as a result of the Carve-Out Business acquisition. These assets are included in the Company gross and net carrying amounts as of June 30, 2016.   yearsCompleted    following table summarizes the preliminary estimated fair value of acquired intangible assets arising as a result of the LIT acquisition. These assets are included in the Company gross and net carrying amounts as of June 30, 2016.   yearsCustomer relationships5904254870 yearsBacklog130339720  fiscal 2016, the Company incurred restructuring and other charges of $1,240, primarily related to executive severance and facility consolidation. During fiscal 2015, the Company incurred restructuring and other charges of $3,175as the Company completed its acquisition integration plan. Additionally, during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, the Company eliminated 16positions, primarily in operations. During fiscal 2014, the Company announced a restructuring plan 2014 Plan that was implemented as part of the final phase of integration activities relating to the Companys recent acquisitions. The acquisition integration plan included the consolidation of manufacturing facilities, centralization of administrative functions using common information systems and processes, and realignment of research and development resources. The acquisition integration plan included the elimination of 70positions largely in engineering, manufacturing and administrative functions. Additionally, the Company closed fourfacilities relocating all related activities to the Company Advanced Microelectronics Center AMC in Hudson, New Hampshire. The Company also completed the first phase of the Chelmsford, Massachusetts headquarters consolidation in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014. These restructuring and other charges associated with the Company fiscal 2014 restructuring plan amounted to $5,443. In the event that the Company is unable to sublease the unoccupied portion of its headquarters complex in Chelmsford, Massachusetts, it will incur nominal, periodic restructuring charges through fiscal 2017. All of the restructuring and other charges are classified as operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations and any remaining severance obligations are expected to be paid within the next twelve months. The remaining restructuring liability is classified as accrued expenses in the consolidated balance sheets66The following table presents the detail of expenses for the Companys restructuring plans:Severance RelatedFacilities OtherTotalRestructuring liability at June 30,  charges1,6631,8123,475Cash   liability at June 30,  charges7525891,341Cash  *101101Restructuring liability at June 30, 2016$190$736$926* Reversals result from the unused outplacement services and operating costs.J.Income Taxes The components of income loss from continuing operations before income taxes and income tax expense benefit were as follows:Year Ended June30,201620152014Income loss from continuing operations before income taxes:United  provision  following is the reconciliation between the statutory federal income tax rate and the Companys effective income tax benefit rate for continuing operations:67Table of ContentsYear Ended June30,201620152014Tax provision benefit at federal statutory rates350%350%350%State income tax, net of federal tax benefit504931Research and development credits8448147Excess tax benefits on stock compensation44Domestic manufacturing  from legal settlement excluded from taxable income28Deemed repatriation of foreign earnings020407Foreign tax credits133Equity  compensation2328111Stock compensation shortfalls241Deferred tax asset and liability adjustments42Change in state tax rates31Reserves for tax  components of the Companys net deferred tax assets liabilities for continuing operations were as  tax assets:Inventory valuation and receivable  compensation3,2672,563Equity compensation3,2014,229Federal and state research and development tax credit carryforwards15,87016,262Gain on sale-leaseback371834Other accruals1,5701,889Capital loss carryforwards3,5623,562Other temporary   deferred tax assets26,14821,539Deferred tax liabilities:Prepaid expenses7731,103Property and  assets33,8267,110Tax method of accounting change570854Other temporary differences370320Total deferred tax  deferred tax liabilities assets$11,842$10,574As reported:Deferred tax assets$$10,574Deferred tax  of ContentsAt June30, 2016, the Company evaluated the need for a valuation allowance on deferred tax assets. In assessing whether the deferred tax assets are realizable, management considered whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the Company past operating results, its forecast of future earnings, future taxable income, and tax planning strategies. The Company continues to conclude that it is more likely than not that most domestic deferred tax assets would be realizable based on recent financial performance, projected future taxable income and the reversal of existing deferred tax liabilities.The Company continues to record a full valuation allowance on certain state research and development RD and investment tax credits, and capital loss carryforwards as of June30, 2016as management continues to believe that it is not more likely than not that these deferred tax assets would be realized. Any future reversals of the valuation allowance will impact income tax expense.The Company had federal research and development credit carryforwards of $959, which will expire from 2032through 2033. The Company had state research and development credit carryforwards of $14,798, which will expire from 2016through 2029. The Company also had state investment tax credits carryforwards of $113.Upon consideration of changing business conditions and cash position in its foreign subsidiaries, management has determined that it does not need to indefinitely reinvest the earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries. Therefore, the Company has accrued deferred taxes in association with $724in undistributed earnings and profits.The Company files income tax returns in all jurisdictions in which it operates. The Company has established reserves to provide for additional income taxes that management believes will more likely than not be due in future years as these previously filed tax returns are audited. These reserves have been established based upon managements assessment as to the potential exposures. All tax reserves are analyzed quarterly and adjustments are made as events occur and warrant modification.The changes in the Companys reserves for unrecognized income tax benefits are summarized as  tax benefits, beginning of period$2,190$3,142Increases for previously recognized positions79123Reductions as a result of a lapse of the applicable statue of limitations1,197Increases for currently recognized positions302122Reductions for previously recognized positions deemed effectively settled681Reductions for previously recognized positions 324Unrecognized tax benefits, end of period$1,566$2,190The $1,566of unrecognized tax benefits as of June30, 2016, if released, would reduce income tax expense.The Companys major tax jurisdiction is the U.S. and the open tax years are fiscal 2011 through 2016.The Company is currently under audit by the Internal Revenue Service for fiscal year 2013. As of June 30, 2016, the IRS has presented an agreement that would lead to the conclusion of the audit; the Company continues to negotiate specific terms of this agreement. It is reasonably possible that within the next 12 months the Companys unrecognized tax benefits, exclusive of interest, may decrease by up to $757at the conclusion of the audit. We expect that the decrease, if recognized, would not affect the effective tax rate.The Company includes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within the provision for income taxes. As of June 30, 2016 and 2015, the total amount of gross interest and penalties accrued was $258and $62, respectively. In connection with tax matters, the Company recognized interest and penalty expense in fiscals 2016, 2015 and 2014 of $204, $26and $5, respectively.K.Commitments and ContingenciesLEGALCLAIMSThe Company is subject to litigation, claims, investigations and audits arising from time to time in the ordinary course of our business. Although legal proceedings are inherently unpredictable, the Company believes that it has valid defenses with respect to any matters currently pending against the Company and intends to defend itself vigorously. The outcome of these matters, individually and in the aggregate, is not expected to have a material impact on the Company cash flows, results of operations, or financial position. 69Table of  Company standard product sales and license agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business typically contain an indemnification provision pursuant to which the Company indemnifies, holds harmless, and agrees to reimburse the indemnified party for losses suffered or incurred by the indemnified party in connection with any patent, copyright or other intellectual property infringement claim by any third party with respect to the Company products. Such provisions generally survive termination or expiration of the agreements. The potential amount of future payments the Company could be required to make under these indemnification provisions is, in some instances, unlimited. In connection with the sale of the Companys former MIS business, the Company provided indemnification to the buyer of the business. The Companys indemnification obligations generally cover the buyer for damages resulting from breaches of representations, warranties and covenants contained in the purchase and sale agreement and generally cover pre-closing tax liabilities of the business. The Companys indemnification obligations regarding the MIS business are generally subject to caps.PURCHASECOMMITMENTSAs of June30, 2016, the Company has entered into non-cancelable purchase commitments for certain inventory components and services used in its normal operations. The purchase commitments covered by these agreements are for less than one year and aggregate to $32,195.LEASECOMMITMENTSThe Company leases certain facilities, machinery and equipment under various cancelable and non-cancelable operating leases that expire at various dates through fiscal 2029. The leases contain various renewal options. Rental charges are subject to escalation for increases in certain operating costs of the lessor. For tenant improvement allowances and rent holidays, the Company records a deferred rent liability on the consolidated balance sheets and amortizes the deferred rent over the terms of the leases as reductions to rent expense on the consolidated statements of operations. Rental expense during the fiscal years ended June30, 2016, 2015, and 2014was $4,015, $3,777and $4,213, respectively. Minimum lease payments under the Companys non-cancelable operating leases are as  minimum lease payments$43,631OTHERAs part of the Company strategy for growth, the Company continues to explore acquisitions or strategic alliances. The associated acquisition costs incurred in the form of professional fees and services may be material to the future periods in which they occur, regardless of whether the acquisition is ultimately completed.The Company may elect from time to time to purchase and subsequently retire shares of common stock in order to settle an individual employees tax liability associated with vesting of a restricted stock award or exercise of stock options. These transactions would be treated as a use of cash in financing activities in the Company statement of cash  May 2, 2016, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries, as guarantors, entered into a Credit Agreement the Credit Agreement with a syndicate of commercial banks and Bank of America, N.A acting as the administrative agent. The Credit Agreement provides for a $200,000term loan facility Term Loan and a $100,000revolving credit facility Revolver. In connection with the issuance of Term Loan, the Company incurred $8,026of debt issuance costs, which are recorded as a direct reduction to long-term debt on the face of the consolidated balance sheets. The debt issuance costs will be amortized to non-cash interest expense using the effective interest method over the term of the Term Loan70Table of ContentsMaturityThe Term Loan facility has a fiveyear maturity subject to the amortization payments described below. The revolving credit facility has a fiveyear maturity.Interest Rates and FeesBorrowings under the Credit Agreement bear interest, at the Companys option, at floating rates tied to LIBOR or the prime rate plus an applicable percentage. The applicable percentage has initially been set at 20%and in future fiscal quarters will be established pursuant to a pricing grid based on the Companys total net leverage ratio. In addition to interest on the aggregate outstanding principal amounts of any borrowings, the Company will also pay a quarterly commitment fee on the unutilized commitments under the Revolver, which fee has initially been set at 03%per annum and in future fiscal quarters will be established pursuant to a pricing grid based on the Companys total net leverage ratio. The Company will also pay customary letter of credit and agency fees. The quarterly commitment fee, letter of credit and agency fees are reported as financing and other related cost in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. As of June 30, 2016, the stated interest rate of the Term Loan was 26%.PrepaymentsThe Credit Agreement provides for quarterly amortization payments on the Term Loan, beginning with 50%per annum amortization and increasing to 125%per annum amortization over the fiveyear term of the Term Loan. The Company is required to make mandatory prepayments of the Term Loan with the proceeds of certain non-ordinary course asset sales or the proceeds of certain debt issuances. Subject to minimum notice requirements, borrowings under the Credit Agreement may be voluntarily prepaid at any time without premium or penalty.Covenants and Events of DefaultThe Credit Agreement provides for customary negative covenants, including, among other things and subject to certain significant exceptions, restrictions on the incurrence of debt or guarantees, the creation of liens, the making of certain investments, loans and acquisitions, mergers and dissolutions, the sale of assets including capital stock of subsidiaries, the payment of dividends, the repayment or amending of junior debt, altering the business conducted, engaging in transactions with affiliates and entering into agreements limiting subsidiary dividends and distributions. The Credit Agreement also requires the Company to comply with certain financial covenants, including a quarterly minimum consolidated cash interest charge ratio test and a quarterly maximum consolidated total net leverage ratio test. The Credit Agreement also provides for customary representations and warranties, affirmative covenants and events of default including, among others, the failure to make required payments of principal and interest, certain insolvency events, and an event of default upon a change of control. If an event of default occurs, the lenders under the Credit Agreement will be entitled to take various actions, including the acceleration of amounts due under the Credit Agreement and all actions permitted to be taken by a secured creditor. As of June 30, 2016, the Company was in compliance with all covenants and conditions under the Credit Agreement. Guarantees and SecurityThe Companys obligations under the Credit Agreement are guaranteed by certain of the Companys material domestic wholly-owned restricted subsidiaries the Guarantors. The obligations of both the Company and the Guarantors are secured by a perfected security interest in substantially all of the assets of the Company and the Guarantors, in each case, now owned or later acquired, including a pledge of all of the capital stock of substantially all of the Companys domestic wholly-owned restricted subsidiaries and 65%of the capital stock of certain of its foreign restricted subsidiaries, subject in each case to the exclusion of certain assets and additional exceptions. The foregoing description of the Credit Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Credit Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 101 to the Company Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 2, 2016. There were no borrowings under the Revolver as of June 30, 2016. The following summarizes the future cash payment obligations excluding interest as of June 30,  remaining cash payment  debt issuance costs7,725Long-term debt, net$192,27571Table of ContentsFORMERCREDITAGREEMENT WITH KEYBANKOn October12, 2012, the Company entered into a credit agreement with a syndicate of commercial banks, with KeyBank National Association acting as the administrative agent. The credit agreement provided for a $200,000senior unsecured revolving line of credit. In connection with the closing of the acquisition of the Carve-Out Business and entering into the new term loan and revolving credit facilities discussed above, the Company terminated its existing revolving credit agreement with KeyBank on May 2, 2016. Deferred costs of $230associated with this agreement were recorded to other expenses upon termination of the credit agreement.M.Shareholders EquityPREFERREDSTOCKThe Company is authorized to issue 1,000shares of preferred stock with a par value of $001per share.EQUITY OFFERINGOn April 4, 2016, the Company commenced an offering of 4,500shares of its common stock pursuant to an underwritten public offering the Offering. In connection with the Offering, the Company granted the underwriters an over-allotment option for 30 days to purchase up to an additional 675shares of its common stock.The Offering was made pursuant to a shelf registration statement previously filed with the SEC on August 15, 2014. On April13, 2016, the Company closed the Offering, including the full over-allotment allocation, selling an aggregate of 5,175shares of common stock for total net proceeds of $92,788after $6,851of expenses associated with the equity offering including underwriting fees and other related expenses.N.Employee Benefit PlansThe Company maintains a qualified 401k plan the 401k Plan for its U.S. employees. During fiscal 2016, 2015and 2014, the Company matched employee contributions up to 3%of eligible compensation. The Company may also make optional contributions to the plan for any plan year at its discretion. Expense recognized by the Company for matching contributions related to the 401k plan was $1,874, $1,934and $1,896during the fiscal years ended June30, 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively.O.Stock-Based  number of shares authorized for issuance under the Companys 2005 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated the 2005 Plan, is 15,252shares at June30, 2016. As reflected in the Company registration statement on Form S-8 filed on February 4, 2016, the Company number of shares authorized for issuance under the 2005 Plan increased by 2shares as a result of forfeitures, cancellations and/or terminations from the Company 1997 Stock Option Plan the 1997 Plan. The 2005 Plan will be increased by any future cancellations, forfeitures or terminations other than by exercise under the 1997 Plan. The 2005 Plan provides for the grant of non-qualified and incentive stock options, restricted stock, stock appreciation rights and deferred stock awards to employees and non-employees. All stock options are granted with an exercise price of not less than 100%of the fair value of the Companys common stock at the date of grant and the options generally have a term of seven years. There were 2,811shares available for future grant under the 2005 Plan at June30, 2016.The number of shares authorized for issuance under the 1997 Plan was 8,650shares, of which 100shares could be issued pursuant to restricted stock grants. The 1997 Plan provided for the grant of non-qualified and incentive stock options and restricted stock to employees and non-employees. All stock options were granted with an exercise price of not less than 100%of the fair value of the Companys common stock at the date of grant. The options typically vest over periods of zeroto fouryears and have a maximum term of 10years. Following shareholder approval of the 2005 Plan on November14, 2005, the Companys Board of Directors determined that no further grants of stock options or other awards would be made under the 1997 Plan, and the 1997 Plan subsequently expired in June 2007.During fiscal 2015 and 2016, as part of the Company ongoing annual equity grant program for employees, the Company granted performance-based restricted stock awards to certain executives pursuant to the 2005 Plan. These performance awards vest annually over a threeyear requisite service period subject to the achievement of specific financial performance targets related to adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of revenue. Based on the performance targets, these awards require graded vesting that results in more rapid expense recognition compared to traditional time-based vesting over the same vesting period. The Company monitors the probability of achieving the performance targets on a quarterly basis and may adjust periodic compensation expense accordingly72Table of  number of shares authorized for issuance under the Companys 1997 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended and restated ESPP, is 1,800shares. Under the ESPP, rights are granted to purchase shares of common stock at 85%of the lesser of the market value of such shares at either the beginning or the end of each six-month offering period. The ESPP permits employees to purchase common stock through payroll deductions, which may not exceed 10%of an employees compensation as defined in the ESPP. The number of shares issued under the ESPP during fiscal years 2016, 2015, and 2014was 88, 79and 92, respectively. Shares available for future purchase under the ESPP totaled 398at June30,  following table summarizes activity of the Companys stock option plans since June30, 2014:Options   6/30/2016Outstanding at June30,  at June30,  at June30, 2016258$1334106$2,972Vested and expected to vest at June30,  at June30, 2016258$1334106$2,972The intrinsic value of the options exercised during fiscal years 2016, 2015, and 2014was $1,976, $3,373and $578, respectively. Non-vested stock options are subject to the risk of forfeiture until the fulfillment of specified conditions. As of June30, 2016, there was $0of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested options granted under the Companys stock plans. As of June30, 2015, there was $6of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested options granted under the Companys stock plans that was expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 013years from June30, 2015. There were nostock options granted during fiscal years 2016, 2015 or 2014. The following table summarizes the status of the Companys non-vested restricted stock awards since June30,  ofSharesWeightedAverageGrant DateFair ValueOutstanding at June30,  at June30,  at June30, 20161,555$1252The total fair value of restricted stock awards vested during fiscal year 2016, 2015, and 2014was $12,185, $9,078and $6,543, respectively.Non-vested restricted stock awards are subject to the risk of forfeiture until the fulfillment of specified conditions. As of June30, 2016, there was $10,938of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested restricted stock awards granted under the Companys stock plans that is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 16years from June30, 2016. As of June30, 2015, there was $11,080of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested restricted stock awards 73Table of Contentsgranted under the Companys stock plans that is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 19years from June30,  Company recognizes expense for its share-based payment plans in the consolidated statements of operations for the fiscal years 2016, 2015, and 2014in accordance with FASB ASC 718. The Company had $93of capitalized stock-based compensation expense on the consolidated balance sheet as of June 30, 2016. In the prior years, the Company did not capitalize any such costs on the consolidated balance sheets, as such costs that qualified for capitalization were not material. Under the fair value recognition provisions of FASB ASC 718, stock-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date based on the value of the award and is recognized as expense over the service period. The following table presents share-based compensation expenses from continuing operations included in the Companys consolidated statement of operations:Year Ended June30,201620152014Cost of revenues$441$493$601Selling, general and  and  compensation expense before tax9,5748,6408,999Income  compensation expense, net of income  Segment, Geographic Information and Significant CustomersOperating segments are defined as components of an enterprise evaluated regularly by the Company chief operating decision maker CODM in deciding how to allocate resources and assess performance. Prior to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, the Company operating segments were: Mercury Commercial Electronics and Mercury Defense Systems. During fiscal 2016, the Company completed a series of important internal organizational structure changes to align and scale the Company into one business. In addition, over the past several years, the Company has completed several acquisitions to support its strategy of creating abetter alternative for affordable, secure processing subsystems designed and made in the U.S.A. These acquisitions culminated with the $300,000acquisition of the Carve-Out Business on May 2, 2016. These strategic changes finalized the transformation of the CODMs management, evaluation and review of the business, including how he allocates resources and assesses performance. Therefore, during the fourth quarter ended June 30, 2016, the Companys previous MCE and MDS operating segments no longer continued to exist and the Company is now comprised of one operating and reportable segment. The Company utilized the management approach for determining its operating segment in accordance with FASB ASC 28074Table of ContentsThe geographic distribution of the Company revenues is summarized as follows:  ENDED JUNE 30, 2016Net revenues to unaffiliated  revenues7,9114478,358Net  long-lived  ENDED JUNE 30, 2015Net revenues to unaffiliated  revenues2,8064753,281Net  long-lived  ENDED JUNE 30, 2014Net revenues to unaffiliated    long-lived  revenue is based on the country in which the Company legal subsidiary is domiciled. Identifiable long-lived assets exclude goodwill and intangible assets.Customers comprising 10% or more of the Company revenues for the periods are as follows: Year Ended June 30,201620152014Lockheed Martin Corporation23%20%18%Raytheon Company203713Northrop Grumman  that the amount is less than 10% of the Company revenues for the respective period. While the Company typically has customers from which it derives 10% or more of its revenue, the sales to each of these customers are spread across multiple programs and platforms. Programs comprising 10% or more of the Company revenues for the periods are as follows: Year Ended June  that the amount is less than 10% of the Company revenues for the respective period. Q.Discontinued OperationsDuring the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, the Company conducted a strategic review of the Mercury Intelligence Systems MIS business which encompassed an assessment of MIS' financial performance and contemporaneous future financial projections. The Company, with Board of Director approval, concluded that a plan to divest the MIS business would be in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. On January 23, 2015, the Company completed the sale of MIS75Table of ContentsIn fiscal 2014, the Company MIS business met the held for sale criteria in accordance with FASB ASC 205. As the Company did not anticipate continuing involvement in the operations of MIS after its divestiture, the MIS operating results have been reported as a discontinued operation for all periods presented. The classification as held for sale was considered a triggering event for impairment testing under FASB ASC 350 and FASB ASC 360. However, since the Company conducted its annual goodwill impairment testing in its fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, which coincided with the plan to divest the MIS business, the held for sale triggering event did not constitute a separate goodwill impairment test under FASB ASC 350 see Note G. The triggering event, however, did require separate impairment testing of the MIS asset groups long-lived assets under FASB ASC 360.The goodwill impairment testing conducted in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014 determined the MIS reporting unit carrying value of goodwill exceeded its implied fair value, resulting in a $6,687impairment charge. The impairment charge is reflected within discontinued operations of the Company accompanying consolidated financial statements. The failure of the first step of the goodwill impairment test was driven by a decline in forecasted results of the MIS reporting unit. The fair value of the MIS reporting unit from the first step of the goodwill impairment test exceeded the fair value of the assets and liabilities of the MIS reporting unit, as determined by the second step of the goodwill impairment test. Testing of the valuation of long-lived assets of the MIS asset group indicated no impairment, as the estimated undiscounted cash flows of the MIS asset group, less estimated costs to sell, significantly exceeded its carrying value. As MIS became a discontinued operation in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, the revenues, costs of revenue, and operating expenses of MIS have been reported separately as discontinued operations in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income Loss for all periods presented. The results of discontinued operations do not reflect interest expense or the allocation of the Company corporate general and administrative expenses.During the second quarter of fiscal 2015, the Company determined that the MIS reporting unit carrying value of goodwill exceeded its implied fair value, resulting in a further goodwill impairment charge of 2,283. This impairment charge is reflected within discontinued operations of the Company accompanying fiscal 2015 consolidated financial statements. On January 23, 2015, the Company completed the sale of MIS for approximately $1,600. The sale resulted in net proceeds of $885and a loss on disposal of $892, which is reflected within discontinued operations of the Company accompanying consolidated financial statements. The Company does not have continuing involvement in the operations of MIS after its divestiture.The amounts reported in loss from discontinued operations, net of income taxes were as follows:For the Years Ended June30,20152014Net revenues of discontinued operations$3,493$9,414Costs of discontinued operations:Cost of revenues2,3856,356Selling, general and  and development305585Amortization of intangible assets279495Restructuring and other charges26Impairment of goodwill2,2836,687Loss from discontinued operations before income taxes3,7177,764Loss on disposal of discontinued operations before income taxes892Tax benefit549411Loss from discontinued operations, net of income taxes$4,060$7,353There were no balances for the assets and liabilities of the discontinued operations at June30, 2016and 2015. 76Table of ContentsThe depreciation, amortization, capital expenditures and significant operating and investing non-cash items of the discontinued operations were as follows:For the Years Ended  of intangible assets$279$495Capital expenditures$$78Impairment of  compensation expense$88$245R.Subsequent EventsThe Company has evaluated subsequent events from the date of the consolidated balance sheet through the date the consolidated financial statements were issued77Table of ContentsSUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION UNAUDITEDThe following sets forth certain unaudited consolidated quarterly statements of operations data for each of the Companys last eight quarters. In managements opinion, this quarterly information reflects all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation for the periods presented. Such quarterly results are not necessarily indicative of future results of operations and should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company and the notes thereto included elsewhere herein2016 In thousands, except per share    from  from continuing operations before income  tax provision  from continuing  from discontinued operations, net of income taxesNet  income per share:Basic net income per share:Income from continuing  from discontinued operations Net  net income per share:Income from continuing  from discontinued operations Net  In thousands, except per share    from  from continuing operations before income  tax  from continuing  from discontinued operations, net of income  income$499$265$3,675$5,930Net income per share:Basic net income loss per share:Income from continuing  from discontinued   net income loss per share:Income from continuing  from discontinued operations$$008$003$Net income$002$001$011$0181 Upon adoption of FASB ASU 2016-09, Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting, the Company recognized $1,100of excess tax benefits in the fourth quarter as a benefit to income taxes in its consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income loss for the year ended June 30, 2016. The tax benefit provision impacts were restated above to show the effect of this adoption as if it had occurred at the beginning of fiscal 2016. The tax benefit provision impacts were $896, $247, $169, and $126for the 1stquarter, 2ndquarter, 3rdquarter and 4thquarter, respectively. Income from continuing operations, net income, and net income amounts per share were also updated as a result of the adjustment to the income tax provision.Due to the effects of rounding, the sum of the four quarters does not equal the annual total78Item1.Business3Item!1A.Risk Factors12Item 1B.Unresolved Staff Comments27Item 2.Properties27Item 3.Legal Proceedings28Item! 4.Mine Safety  Officers of the Registrant28PART II29Item 5.CONTROLS AND  conducted an evaluation as of June30, 2016under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, respectively, and concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15e or Rule 15d-15e under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Exchange Act were effective as of June30, 2016and designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SECs rules and forms and that it is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required  management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our internal control over financial reporting or our internal controls will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control systems objectives will be met. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future  management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Under the supervision of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June30, 2016based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework2013 published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. As a result of this assessment, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of June30, 2016. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June30, 2016has been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report.The audited consolidated financial statements of the Company include the results of the acquired Carve-Out Business on and after May 2, 2016, as described in Note C to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Upon consideration of the date of the acquisition and the time constraints under which our managements assessment would have to be made, management determined that it would not be possible to conduct a sufficiently comprehensive assessment of the Carve-Out Business internal control over financial reporting as allowable under section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Accordingly, these operations have been excluded from the scope of managements assessment of internal controls for fiscal year 2016. However, management is in the process of integrating the Carve-Out Business into the overall internal control over financial reporting environment for fiscal year 2017. The Companys consolidated financial statements reflect revenues and total assets from the Carve-Out Business of approximately 6 percent and 46 percent of which 37 percent represented goodwill and intangible assets included within the scope of the Companys assessment, respectively, as of and for the year ended June 30, 2016.  were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules13a-15f and 15d-15f under the Exchange Act during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016identified in connection with our Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officers evaluation that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. However, management is in the process of integrating the Carve-Out Business into our overall internal control over financial reporting environment.Item1.Business3Item!1A.Risk Factors12Item 1B.Unresolved Staff Comments27Item 2.Properties27Item 3.Legal Proceedings28Item! 4.Mine Safety  Officers of the Registrant28PART II29Item 5.DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCEThe information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to our Proxy Statement for our 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders the Shareholders Meeting, except that information required by this item concerning our executive officers appears in Part I, Item41. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K79