ITEM 8.Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Index of Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended December31, 2010, 2009, and 2008. CONTENTSPageReport of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm55Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm56Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting57Consolidated Statements of Operations58Consolidated Balance Sheets59Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows60Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity61Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements6254Table of ContentsReport of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Board of Directors and Stockholders of Juniper Networks, Inc. We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Juniper Networks, Inc. as of December31, 2010 and 2009, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December31, 2010. Our audits also included the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at a2. These financial statements and schedule are the responsibility of the Company management. Our responsibility is to exp
ress an opinion on these financial statements and schedule based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Juniper Networks, Inc., at December31, 2010, and 2009, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December31, 2010, in conformity with U.S.generally accepted accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly in all material respects the information set forth therein. As discussed in Note2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item8 of PartII of this Annual Report on Form10-K, in fiscal year 2010, Juniper Networks, Inc. changed its method of accounting for revenue recognition with the adoption of amendments to the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC resulting from Accounting Standards Update No2009-13, Multiple-Deliverable Revenue Arrangements, and Accounting Standards Update No2009-14, Certain Revenue Arra
ngements That Include Software Elements, both adopted effective January1, 2010. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, Juniper Networks, Inc. internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2010, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February25, 2011 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. /s/Ernst Young LLPSanJose, California February25, 2011 55Table of ContentsReport of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Board of Directors and Stockholders of Juniper Networks, Inc. We have audited Juniper Networks, Inc. internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2010, based on criteria established in Internal Control- Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission the COSO criteria. Juniper Networks, Inc. management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We con
ducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. A company internal control over financial
reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that 1pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 2provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 3provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company assets that could have a mater
ial effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. In our opinion, Juniper Networks, Inc. maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control 
over financial reporting as of December31, 2010, based on the COSO criteria. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the consolidated balance sheets of Juniper Networks, Inc. as of December31, 2010, and 2009 and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December31, 2010, of Juniper Networks, Inc. and our report dated February25, 2011, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. /s/Ernst Young LLPSanJose, California February25, 2011 56Table of ContentsManagement Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting The management of Juniper Networks, Inc. the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. The Company internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the s
upervision of the Company principal executive and principal financial officers to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S.generally accepted accounting principles. The Company internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: ipertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; iiprovide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S.generally accepted account
ing principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and iiiprovide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2010, based on the framework set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control- Integrated Framework. Based on that assessment, management concluded that, as of December31, 2010, the Company internal control over financial reporting was effective. The effectiveness of the Company internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2010, has been audited by Ernst Young LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audits the Company consolidated financial statements, as stated in their report preceding this report, which expresses an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2010. 57Table of ContentsJuniper Networks, Inc.Consolidated Statements of OperationsIn thousands, except per share amounts 
;Years Ended December 31,201020092008Net 
net  of  cost of  margin2,741,7472,183,203 td>2,435,483Operating expenses:Research and development917,855741,708
731,151Sales and  and  of purchased intangible  settlement   charges6,342Total operating   and other income, net1,9176,92848,749 div>Gain loss on equity  before income taxes and noncontrolling interest778,154312,061728,891
sp;Provision for income  net  for net income loss attributable to noncontrolling interest9711,771Net income attributable to Juniper Networks$618,402$116,999 div>$511,749Net income per share attributable to Juniper Networks common stockho
$093Shares used in computing net income per  accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 58Table of ContentsJuniper Networks, Inc.Consolidated Balance SheetsIn thousands, except par values December 31,20102009ASSETSCurrent assets:Cash and cash   receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $10,110 for 2010 and $9,116 for 2009596,622<
div  tax assets, net161,535196,318Prepaid expenses and other current assets169,81248,744Total current  and equipment, net493,881455,651Long-term  cash<
td colspan=2  intangible assets,  deferred tax assets, net10,555Other long-term assets55,46635,425Total assets$8,467,851 7,590,263LIABILITIES AND EQUITYCurrent liabilities:Accounts   warranty35,93138,199Deferred revenue660,264571,652Income taxes payable25,00034,936Accrued litigation settlements169,330Other accrued  current  deferred  income tax payable103,823170,245Other long-term liabilities
59,08737,531Commitments and contingencies Note15Juniper Networks stockholders' equity div>Preferred stock, $000001par value; 10,000shares authorized; none issued and outstandingCommon stock, $000001par value, 1,000,000shares authorized; 525,378 and 519,341shares issued and outstanding at Dece
mber31, 2010, and 2009, respectively55Additional paid-in  other comprehensive loss1,2511,433Accumulated  Juniper Networks stockholders'  interest6002,629Total equity6,608,8005,824,765Total liabilities and equity$8,467,851$7,590,263See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 59Table of ContentsJuniper Networks, Inc.Consolidated Statements of Cash FlowsIn thousands Years Ended December 31,201020092008Cash flows from operating activities:Consolidated net  to reconcile consolidated net income to net cash from operating activities div>Depreciation and   income taxes64,0359,43614,314Gain loss on equity  tax benefits from share-based  non-cash charges
613Changes in operating assets and liabilities:Accounts receivable,  expenses and other     litigation  taxes  accrued   cash provided by operating  flows from investing activities:Purchases of property and equipment,  of trading investments2,754Purchases of available-for-sale  from sales of available-for-sale  from maturities of available-for-sale  for business acquisitions, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired374,765Changes in restricted  of privately-held equity investments, net4,188<
font  cash used in investing  flows from financing activities:Proceeds from issuance of common  and retirement of common  tax benefits from share-based compensation48,5003,510
bsp;40,182Redemption of convertible debt288Change in customer financing  of capital to proceeds from noncontrolling interest3,0004,400Net cash used in financing  increase decrease in cash and cash equiv
and cash equivalents at beginni
ng of  and cash equivalents at end of 
p;Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:Cash paid for  paid for  disclosure of non-cash financing activities tr>Common stock issued in connection with conversion of the senior notes 399,208See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 60Table of ContentsJuniper Networks, Inc.Consolidated Statement of Changes in EquityIn thousands font>Juniper  Paid-In CapitalAccumulated Other Comprehensive Income LossAccumulated DeficitNoncontrolling InterestTotal EquityBalance at December31,  net income511,749511,749Change in unrealized loss on investments, net tax of nil
sp;2,5472,547Change in foreign currency translation adjustment, net tax of  comprehensive income495,253
Issuance of shares in connection with Employee Stock Purchase Plan1,59035,87935,879Issuance of shares in connection with vesting of restricted share units1,904Exercise of stock options by employees, net of repurchases5,70182,608
bsp;82,608Issuance of shares in connection with conversion of the convertible senior  of warrants in connection with acquisitions8
Repurchase and retirement of common  compensation  related to tax benefit from employee stock option plans31,164 font>31,164Balance at December31, 2008526,75258,811,497
net income  in unrealized loss on investments, net tax of nil&
mdash;2,7572,757Change in foreign currency translation adjustment, net tax of nil5,5695,569Consolidated comprehensive income118,040Pur
chase of subsidiary shares by noncontrolling interest
sp;4,4004,400Issuance of shares in connection with Employee Stock Purchase Plan3,22139,16439,164Issuance of shares in connection with vesting of restricted share units1,432&
nbsp;Exercise of stock options by employees, net of  and retirement of common  compensation expense&
nbsp;139,659139,659Adjustment related to tax benefit from employee stock option plans50,29950,299Balance at December31,  net income618,402971619,373Change in unrealized loss on in
vestments, net tax of nil317317Change in foreign currency translation adjustment, net tax of nil499499Consolidated comprehensive income mdash;619,555Return of capital to noncontrolling  of shares in connection with Employee Stock Purchase Plan1,97441,82941,829Issuance of shares in connection with vesting of restricted share units2,224Exercise of stock options by employees,
net of  assumed in connection with business  and retirement of common  related to net  compensation expense177,825
p;
h;177,825Adjustment related to tax benefit from employee stock option plans101,549101,549Balance at December31,  accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 61Table of ContentsJuniper Networks, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 1.Basis of PresentationThe consolidated financial statements, which include the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries are prepared in accordance with U.S.generally accepted accounting principles U.S.GAAP. All inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated. The Company holds a 60 percent interest in a joint venture with Nokia Siemens Networks B.V. NSN. Given the Company majority 
ownership interest in the joint venture, the accounts of the joint venture have been consolidated with the accounts of the Company, and a noncontrolling interest has been recorded for the noncontrolling investor interests in the net assets and operations of the joint venture. ReclassificationsIn the first quarter of 2010, the Company reclassified certain selling and marketing costs that were previously reported as cost of service revenues as sales and marketing expense. Accordingly, $251 million and $291 million of costs reported in the years ended December 31,2009, and 2008, respectively, have been reclassified from cost of service revenues to sales and marketing expense to conform to the current period presentation. The reclassification did not impact the Company previously reported net revenues, segment results, operating income, net income, or earnings per share. Note 2.
p;Summary of Significant Accounting PoliciesUse of Estimates The preparation of the financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S.GAAP requires the Company to make judgments, assumptions, and estimates that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes. The Company bases its estimates and assumptions on current facts, histo
rical experience, and various other factors that it believes are reasonable under the circumstances, to determine the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. To the extent there are material differences between our estimates and the actual results, our future consolidated results of operation may be affected.Cash and Cash Equivalents All highly liquid investments pur
chased with an original maturity of three months or less are classified as cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand, demand deposits with banks, highly liquid investments in money market funds, commercial paper, government securities, certificates of deposit, and corporate debt securities, which are readily convertible into cash. Investments in Available-for-Sale and Trading Securities Management determines the appropriate classification of securities at the time of purchase and re-evaluates such classification as of each balance sheet date. The Company investments in publicly-traded debt and equity securities are classified as available-for-sale. Available-for-sale investments are initially recorded at cost and periodically adjusted to fair value in the consolidated balance sheets. Unrealized gains and losses on these investments are reported as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income loss. Realized gains and losses and declines in value judged to be other than temporary are determined based on the specific identification method and are reported in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company reco
gnizes an impairment charge for available-for-sale investments when a decline in the fair value of its investments below the cost basis is determined to be other than temporary. The Company considers various factors in determining whether to recognize an impairment charge, including the length of time the investment has been in a loss position, the extent to which the fair value has been less than the Company cost basis, the investment financial condition, and near-term prospects of the investee. If the Company determines that the decline in an investment fair value is other than temporary, the difference is recognized as an impairment loss in its consolidated statements of operations. The Company non-qualified compensation plan, which invests in mu
tual funds are classified as trading securities and reported 62Table of ContentsJuniper Networks, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Continued at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets. The realized and unrealized holding gains and losses, as well as the offsetting compensation expense, are reported in the consolidated statements of operations. Privately-Held Equity Investments The Company has minority equity investments in privately-held companies. 
These investments are included in other long-term assets in the consolidated balance sheets and are carried at cost, adjusted for any impairment, as the Company does not have a controlling interest and does not have the ability to exercise significant influence over these companies. These investments are inherently high risk as the market for technologies or products manufactured by these companies are usually early stage at the time of the investment by the Company and such markets may never be significant. The Company monitors these investments for impairment by considering financial, operational, and economic data and makes appropriate reductions in carrying values when necessary. Realized gains and losses, if any, are reported in the consolidated statements of operations. Fair Value Measurement The Company records its financial instruments and derivative contracts at fair value. The fair value assumes that the transaction to sell an asset or transfer a liability occurs in the principal market for the asset or liability or, in the absence of a principal market, the most advantageous market for the asset or liability. The carrying value of the Company financial instruments including cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accrued compensation, and other accrued liabilities, approximates fair market value due to the relatively short period of time to maturity. The fair value of investments and derivatives is d
etermined using quoted market prices for those securities or similar financial instruments. Concentrations Financial instruments that subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, investments, and accounts receivable. The Company invests only in high-quality credit instruments and maintains its cash, cash equivalents, available-for-sale investments in fixed income
securities, and money market funds with high-quality institutions. Deposits held with banks, including those held in foreign branches of global banks, may exceed the amount of insurance provided on such deposits. These deposits may be redeemed upon demand and, therefore, bear minimal risk. Generally, credit risk with respect to accounts receivable is diversified due to the number of entities comprising the Company customer base and their dispersion across different geographic locations throughout the world. The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers and generally does not require collateral on accounts receivable. The Company maintains reserves for potential bad debt and historically such losses have been within management expecta
tions. Verizon Communications, Inc., and ATT, Inc., accounted for 106%, and 104% of the Company total net revenues for 2010 and 2009, respectively. As of December 31, 2010 and 2009, we had significant accounts receivable for these customers. No single customer accounted for more than 10% of the Company total net revenues for 2008. The Company relies on sole suppliers for certain of its components such as ASICs and custom sheet metal. Additionally, the Company relies primarily on a limited number of significant independent contract manufacturers for the production of all of its products. The inability of any supplier or manufacturer to fulfill supply requirements of the Company could negatively impact future operating results. 
Property and Equipment Property and equipment are recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method over the lesser of the estimated useful life or the lease term of the respective assets. The Company depreciates leasehold improvements over the lesser of the expected life of the lease or the assets, up to a maximum of ten years. The estimated useful life for land improvements is generally ten to fifteen years and the estimated useful life for all other depreciable assets is generally one and a half to five years.
Goodwill and Purchased Intangible Assets Goodwill represents the excess purchase price over fair value of net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired in a business combination. Intangible assets resulting from acquisitions of entities accounted for using the purchase method of accounting are estimated by management based upon fair value of the assets received. Identifiable intangible assets are comprised of purchased trademarks, developed technologies, customer relationships, maintenance contracts, and other 63Table of ContentsJuniper Networks, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Continued intangible assets. Goodwill is not subject to amortization but is subject to annual assessment, at a minimum, for impairment by applying fair-value based tests. Future goodwill impairment tests could result in a charge to earnings. Purchased intangible assets with finite lives are amortized on a straight-line basis over their respective estimated useful lives ranging from two to nineteen years. Impairment The Company evaluates long-lived assets held for use for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. An asset is considered impaired if its carrying amount exceeds the future net cash flow the asset is expected to generate. If an asset is considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair value. The Company assesses the recoverability of its long-lived and intangible assets by determining whether the unamortized balances are greater than the sum of undiscounted future net cash flows of the related assets. The amount of impairment, if any, is meas
ured based on projected discounted future net cash flows. The Company evaluates goodwill, at a minimum, on an annual basis and whenever events and changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Impairment of goodwill is tested at the reporting unit level by comparing the reporting unit carrying value, including goodwill, to the fair value of the reporting unit. The fair values of the reporting units are estimated using a combination of the income approach and the market approach. If the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, goodwill is considered impaired, and a second step is performed to measure the amount of the impairment loss, if any. The Company conducted its annual impairment te
st as of November1, 2010, 2009, and 2008, and determined that the carrying value of its remaining goodwill was not impaired. Future impairment indicators, including sustained declines in the Company market capitalization or a decrease in revenue or profitability levels, could require impairment charges to be recorded. Revenue Recognition In October2009, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU No2009-13, Topic 605 - Multiple-Deliverable Revenue Arrangements ASU 2009-13. ASU 2009-13 changes the requirements for establishing separate units of accounting in a multiple element arrangement and requires the allocation of arrangement consideration to each deliverable to be based on the relative selling price. Under the new standard, the Company allocates the total
arrangement consideration to each separable element of an arrangement based upon the relative selling price of each element. Arrangement consideration allocated to undelivered elements is deferred until delivery. Concurrently with issuing ASU 2009-13, the FASB also issued ASU No. 2009-14, Topic 985 - Certain Revenue Arrangements That Include Software Elements ASU 2009-14. ASU 2009-14 excludes software that is contained on a tangible product from the scope of software revenue guidance if the software component and the non-software component function together to deliver the tangible products' essential functionality. The Company early adopted these standards on a prospective basis as of the beginning of fiscal 2010 for new and materially modified arrangements originating after December31, 2009. As a result of the adoption of ASU 2009-13 and ASU 2009-14, net revenue for the year ended December31, 2010, was approximately $237 million higher than the net revenue that would have been recorded under the previous accounting rules. The increase in revenue was due to recognition of revenue for products shipped during the period which included approximately $183 million in the year ended December31, 2010, related to undelivered product commitments for which we were unable to demonstrate fair value pursuant to the previous accounting standards. The remainder of the increase in revenue for the year was due to products sold into multiple-year service arrangements which was recognized ratably under the previous accounting standards and for the change in our allocation methodology from the residual method to the relative selling price method as prescribed by ASU 2009-13.Revenue is recognized when all of the following criteria have been met: Persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists.The Company generally relies upon sales contracts or agreements, and customer purchase orders to determine the existence of an arrangement. 
Delivery has occurred.The Company uses shipping terms and related documents, or written evidence of customer acceptance, when applicable, to verify delivery or performance. Sales price is fixed or determinable.The Company assesses whether the sales price is fixed or determinable based on 64Table of ContentsJuniper Networks, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Continued the payment terms and whether the sales price is subject to refund or adjustment. Collectability is reasonably assured.The Company assesses collectability based on creditworthiness of customers as determined by our credit checks and their payment histories. The Company records accounts receivable net of allowance for doubtful accounts, estimated customer returns, and pricing credits. For fiscal 2010 and future periods, pursuant to the guidance of ASU 2009-13, when a sales arrangement contains multiple elements and software and non-software components function together to deliver the ta
ngible products' essential functionality, the Company allocates revenue to each element based on a selling price hierarchy. The selling price for a deliverable is based on its vendor-specific objective evidence VSOE if available, third-party evidence TPE if VSOE is not available, or estimated selling price ESP if neither VSOE nor TPE is available. The Company then recognizes revenue on each deliverable in accordance with its policies for product and service revenue recognition. VSOE of selling price is based on the price charged when the element is sold separately. In determining VSOE, the Company requires that a substantial majority of the selling prices fall within a reasonable range based on historical discounting trends for specific products and services. TPE of selling price is established by evaluating largely interchangeable competitor products or services in stand-alone sales to similarly situated customers. However, as the Company products contain a 
significant element of proprietary technology and its solutions offer substantially different features and functionality, the comparable pricing of products with similar functionality typically cannot be obtained. Additionally, as the Company is unable to reliably determine what competitors products' selling prices are on a stand-alone basis, the Company is not typically able to determine TPE. The best estimate of selling price is established considering multiple factors including, but not limited to pricing practices in different geographies and through different sales channels, gross margin objectives, internal costs, competitor pricing strategies, and industry technology lifecycles.In multiple element arrangements where software deliverables are included, revenue is al
located to each separate unit of accounting for each of the non-software deliverables and to the software deliverables as a group using the relative selling prices of each of the deliverables in the arrangement based on the aforementioned selling price hierarchy. If the arrangement contains more than one software deliverable, the arrangement consideration allocated to the software deliverables as a group is then allocated to each software deliverable using the guidance for recognizing software revenue, as amended. The Company limits the amount of revenue recognition for delivered elements to the amount that is not contingent on the future delivery of products or services, future performance obligation, or subject to customer-specific return or refund privileges. The Compa
ny evaluates each deliverable in an arrangement to determine whether they represent separate units of accounting. A deliverable constitutes a separate unit of accounting when it has stand-alone value and there are no customer-negotiated refunds or return rights for the delivered elements. If the arrangement includes a customer-negotiated refund or return right relative to the delivered item, and the delivery and performance of the undelivered item is considered probable and substantially in the Company control, the delivered element constitutes a separate unit of accounting. In circumstances when the aforementioned criteria are not met, the deliverable is combined with the undelivered elements, and the allocation of the arrangement consideration and revenue recognition is determined for the combined unit as a single unit. Allocation of the consideration is determined at arrangement inception on the basis of each unit relative selling price. The new standards do not generally change the units of accountin
g for the Company revenue transactions. For transactions entered into prior to January1, 2010, revenue for arrangements with multiple elements, such as sales of products that include services, is allocated to each element using the residual method based on the VSOE of fair value of the undelivered items pursuant to Accounting Standard Codification ASC Topic 985-605, Software - Revenue Recognition. Under the residual method, the amount of revenue allocated to delivered elements equals the total arrangement consideration less the aggregate fair value of any undelivered elements. If VSOE of one or more undelivered items does not exist, revenue from 
the entire arrangement is deferred and recognized at the earlier of: idelivery of those elements or iiwhen fair value can be established unless maintenance is the only undelivered element, in which case, the entire arrangement fee is recognized ratably over the contractual support period. The Company accounts for multiple agreements with a single customer as one arrangement if the contractual terms and/or substance of those agreements indicate that they may be so closely related that they are, in effect, parts of a single arrangement. For sales to dire
ct end-users, value-added resellers, and original equipment manufacturer OEM partners, the Company recognizes product revenue upon transfer of title and risk of loss, which is generally upon shipment. It is the Company practice to identify an end-user prior to shipment to a value-added reseller. For the Company end-users and value-added resellers, there are no significant obligations for future performance such as rights of return. The Company agreements with 65Table of Conte
ntsJuniper Networks, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Continued its OEM partners may allow future rights of returns or pricing credits. A portion of the Company sales is made through distributors under agreements allowing for pricing credits or rights of return. Product revenue on sales made through these distributors is recognized upon sell-through as reported by the distributors to the Company. Deferred revenue on shipments to distributors reflects the effects of distributor pricing credits and the amount of gross margin expected to be realized upon sell-throug
h. Deferred revenue is recorded net of the related product costs of revenue. The Company records reductions to revenue for estimated product returns and pricing adjustments, such as rebates and price protection, in the same period that the related revenue is recorded. The amount of these reductions is based on historical sales returns and price protection credits, specific criteria outlined in rebate agreements, and other factors known at the time. Service revenues include revenue from maintenance, trainin
g, and professional services. Maintenance is offered under renewable contracts. Revenue from maintenance service contracts is deferred and recognized ratably over the contractual support period, which is generally one to three years. Revenue from training and professional services is recognized as services are completed or ratably over the contractual period, which is generally one year or less. The Company sells certain interests in accounts receivable on a non-re
course basis as part of customer financing arrangements primarily with one major financing company. Cash received under this arrangement in advance of revenue recognition is recorded as short-term debt. Allowance for Doubtful Accounts The allowance for doubtful accounts is based on the Company assessment of the collectability of customer accounts. The Company regularly reviews its receivables that remain outstanding
past their applicable payment terms and establishes allowance and potential write-offs by considering factors such as historical experience, credit quality, age of the accounts receivable balances, and current economic conditions that may affect a customer ability to pay. Warranty Costs The Company generally offers a one-year warranty on all of its hardware products and a 90-day warranty on the media that contains the software embedded in the products. Warranty costs are accrued as part of the Company cost of sales based on associated material costs, labor costs for customer support, and overhead at the time revenue is recognized. Material costs are estimated primarily based upon the historical costs to repair or replace product returns within the warranty period. Customer support labor and overhead costs are estimated primarily based upon historical trends in the cost to support customer cases within the warranty period. Contract Manufacturer Liabilities The Company outsources most of its manufacturing, repair, and supply chain management operations to its independent contract manufacturers, and a significant portion of its cost of revenues consists of payments to them. The independent contract manufacturers produce the Company products using design specifications, quality assurance programs, and standards established by the Company, and they procure components and manufacture the products based on the Company demand forecasts. These forecasts are the Company estimates of future demand for its products, based upon historical tren
ds and analysis from the Company sales and marketing organizations, adjusted for overall market conditions. The Company establishes a provision for inventory, carrying costs, and obsolete material exposures for excess components purchased based on historical trends. Research and Development Costs to research, design, and develop the Company products are expensed as incurred. Software development costs are capitalized beginning w
hen a product technological feasibility has been established and ending when a product is available for general release to customers. Generally, the Company products are released soon after technological feasibility has been established. As a result, costs incurred between achieving technological feasibility and product general availability have not been significant, and all software development costs have been expensed as incurred. Advertising Advertising costs are charged to sales and marketing expense as incurred. Advertising expense was $171 million, $114 66Table of ContentsJuniper Networks, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Continued million, and $50 million, for 2010, 2009, and 2008, respectively. Loss Contingencies The Company is subject to the possibility of various loss contingencies arising in the ordinary course of business. Management considers the likelihood of loss related to an asset, or the incurrence of a liability, as well as its abilit
y to reasonably estimate the amount of loss, in determining loss contingencies. An estimated loss contingency is accrued when it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. The Company records a charge equal to the minimum estimated liability or a loss contingency only when both of the following conditions are met: iinformation available prior to issuance of the consolidated financial statements indicates that it is probable that an asset had been impaired or a liability had been incurred at the date of the financial statements, and iithe range of loss can be reasonably estimated. The Company regularly evaluates current information available to determine whether such accruals should be adjusted and whether new accruals are required. Share-Based Compensation The Company recognizes share-based compensation expense for all share-based payment awards including employee stock options, restricted stock units RSUs, performance share awards PSAs, and purchases under the Company Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP in accordance with ASC Topic 718 - Compensation - Stock Compensation ASC Topic 718. Share-based compensation expense for expected-to-vest share-based awards
is valued under the single-option approach and amortized on a straight-line basis, net of estimated forfeitures. The value of the portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as expense over the requisite service periods in the Company consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December31, 2010, 2009, and 2008. The Company utilizes the Black-Scholes-Merton BSM option-pricing model in order to determine the fair value of stock options. The BSM model requires various highly subjective assumptions that represents management best estimates of volatility, expected option life, and risk-free interest rate. The expected volatility is based on the implied volatility of market traded options on our common stock, adjusted for other relevant factors including historical volatility of our common stock over the most recent period commensurate with the estimated expected life of our stock options. The expected life of an award is based on historical experience, the terms and conditions of the stock awards granted to employees, as well as the potential effect from options that have not been exercised at the time. Derivatives The Company uses derivatives to partially offset its market exposure to fluctuations in certain foreign currencies. The Company does not enter into derivatives for speculative or trading purposes. The Company uses foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate variability in gains and losses generated from the 
re-measurement of certain monetary assets and liabilities denominated in non-functional currencies. These derivatives are carried at fair value with changes recorded in interest and other income, net. Changes in the fair value of these derivatives are largely offset by re-measurement of the underlying assets and liabilities. Cash flows from such derivatives are classified as operating activities. These foreign exchange forward contracts have maturities of approximately two months. The Company also uses foreign currency forward or option contracts to hedge certain forecasted foreign currency transactions relatin
g to operating expenses. These derivatives are designated as cash flow hedges and have maturities of less than one year. The effective portion of the derivative gain or loss is initially reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income loss, and upon occurrence of the forecasted transaction, is subsequently reclassified into the operating expense line item to which the hedged transaction relates. The Company records any ineffectiveness of the hedging instruments, which was immaterial during 2010, 2009, and 2008, in interest and other income, net, on its consolidated statements of operations. Cash flows from such hedges are classified as operating activities. Provision for Income Taxes Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the currently enacted tax rates that apply to taxable income in effect for the years in which those tax assets are expected to be realized or settled. The Company regularly assesses the likelihood that its deferred tax assets will be realized from recoverable income taxes or recovered from future taxable income based on the realization criteria set forth in ASC Topic- Income Taxes ASC Topic 740. To the extent that the Company believes any 67Table of ContentsJuniper Networks, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Continued amounts are not more likely than not to be realized, the Company records a valuation allowance to reduce its deferred tax assets. The Company believes it is more likely than not that future income from the reversal of the deferred tax liabilities and forecasted income will be sufficient to fully recover the rema
ining deferred tax assets. In the event the Company determines that all or part of the net deferred tax assets are not realizable in the future, an adjustment to the valuation allowance would be charged to earnings in the period such determination is made. Similarly, if the Company subsequently realizes deferred tax assets that were previously determined to be unrealizable, the respective valuation allowance would be reversed, resulting in an adjustment to earnings in the period such determination is made. In addition, the calculation of tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations. The Company recognizes potential liabilities based on its estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due. Comprehensive Income lossComprehensive income loss is defined as the change in equity during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources. The Company includes the components of comprehensive income loss as part of its consolidated statements of changes in equity. Accumulated other comprehensive income loss includes net unrealized gains losses on available-for-sale securities and net foreign currency translation gains losses, and unrealized gains losses on derivatives designated as cash flow hedges that are excluded from net income. 
Foreign Currency Translation Assets and liabilities of foreign operations with non-U.S.Dollar functional currency are translated to U.S.Dollars using exchange rates in effect at the end of the period. Revenue and expenses are translated to U.S.Dollars using weighted-average exchange rates for the period. Foreign currency translation gains and losses were not material for the years ended <
font  2010, 2009, and 2008. The effect of exchange rate changes on cash balances held in foreign currencies was immaterial in the years presented. Recent Accounting Standards In December2010, the FASB issued ASU No2010-29, Topic 805 - Business Combinations: Disclosure of Supplementary Pro Forma Information for Business Combinations ASU 2010-29, which provides further comparative disclosure guidance and expands the pro forma disclosure requirements under ASC Topic 805. This guidance is effective prospectively for business combinations for which the acquisition date is on or after the beginning of the first annual reporting period beginning on or after December15, 2010. 
Early adoption is permitted. ASU 2010-29 relates to disclosure requirements only and as such does not impact the Company consolidated results of operations or financial condition. In December2010, the FASB issued ASU No2010-28, Topic 350 - Intangibles - Goodwill and Other: When to Perform Step 2 of the Goodwill Impairment Test for Reporting Units with Zero or Negative Carrying Amounts ASU 2010-28, which modifies Step 1 of the goodwill impairment test for reporting units with zero or negative amounts. For those reporting units, an entity is required to perform Step 2 of the goodwill impairment test if it is more 
likely than not that a goodwill impairment exist. This guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December15, 2011. The Company adoption of ASU 2010-28 is not expected to have an impact on its consolidated results of operations or financial condition. In January2010, the FASB issued ASU No2010-06, Topic 820 - Improving Disclosures about Fair Value Measurements ASU 2010-06, which provides additional fair value measurement disclosures and clarifies certain existing disclosure requirements. Except for the requirement to disclose purchases, sales, issuances
, and settlements of Level 3 measurements on a gross basis, the disclosure and clarification requirements are effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December15, 2009. The requirement to separately disclose purchases, sales, issuances, and settlements of recurring Level 3 measurements on a gross basis was effective for fiscal years beginning after December15, 2010, and for interim periods within those fiscal years. ASU 2010-06 relates to disclosure requirements only and it did not have an impact on the Company consolidated results of operations or financial condition. Note 3.Business CombinationsIn the year ended December31, 2010, the Company completed the acquisitions of Ankeena Networks, Inc., Ankeena, SMobile Systems, Inc. SMobile, Altor Networks, Inc. Altor, and Trapeze Networks Trapeze. 68Table of ContentsJuniper Networks, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Continued Ankeena AcquisitionOn April19, 2010, the Company acquired 100% of the equity securities of Ankeena, a privately-held provider of new media infrastructure technology. The acquisition of Ankeena will provide the Company with strong video delivery capabilities, as Ankeena products optimize web-based video delivery, provide key components of a content delivery network architecture/solution, improve consumers' online video experience, and reduce service provider and carrier service provider infrastructure costs for providing web-based video. <
font  connection with the acquisition of Ankeena, the Company acquired net assets of $36 million, including cash and cash equivalents of $23 million, and recognized goodwill of $531 million, which was assigned to the Company Infrastructure segment.Prior to the acquisition, the Compan
y had a $20 million, or a 77% ownership interest in Ankeena, and accounted for it as a privately-held equity investment. As of the acquisition-date, the fair value of the equity interest in Ankeena was $52 million based on a noncontrolling interest fair value and was included in the purchase price. The Company recognized a $32 million gain, which was reported within gain losson equity investments in its consolid
ated statement of operations. SMobile AcquisitionOn July30, 2010, the Company acquired 100% of the equity securities of SMobile, a privately-held software company focused solely on smartphone and tablet
security solutions for the enterprise, service provider, and consumer markets. The acquisition of SMobile will allow the Company to extend its security focus through integration of SMobile product portfolio with Junos Pulse. In connection with the acquisition of SMobile, the Company assumed net liabilities of $52 million, including cash and cash equivalents of $04 million, and recognized goodwill of $481 million, which was assigned to the Company Service Layer Technology SLT segment. Altor AcquisitionOn December6, 2010, the Company acquired 100% of the equity securities of Altor, a privately-held provider of virtualization security. The acquisition of Altor will provide the Company with data center and cloud security solutions, including products that optimize web-based video delivery, provide key components of a content delivery network architecture/solution, improve consumers' online video experience, and reduce service provider and carrier service provider infrastructure costs for providing web-based video. In connection with the acquisition of Altor, the Company acquired net assets of $45 million, including cash and cash equivalen
ts of $64 million, and recognized goodwill of $782 million, which was assigned to the Company SLT segment. Prior to the acquisition, the Company had a $20 million, or a 50% ownersh
ip interest in Altor, accounted for as a privately-held equity investment. As of the acquisition-date, the fair value of the equity interest in Altor was $41 million based on a noncontrolling interest fair value and was included in the purchase price. The Company recognized a $21 million gain, which was reported within gain losson equity investments in its consolidated statement of operations. Trapeze AcquisitionOn December16, 2010, the Company acquired 100% of the equity securities of Trapeze, a subsidiary of Belden Inc. and a provider of enterprise wireless local area network WLAN solutions. The acquisition will make WLAN infrastructure a key part of Juniper portfolio and accelerate our growth in the enterprise market.In connection with the acquisition of Trapeze, the Company acquired net assets of $59 million, including cash and cash equivalents of $08 million, and recognized goodwill of $898 million, which was assigned to the Company Infrastructure segment. The Company consolidat
ed financial statements include the operating results of all acquired businesses from the date of each acquisition. Pro forma results of operations for these acquisitions have not been presented because the financial impact to the Company consolidated results of operations, both individually and in aggregate, is not material. The Company continues to 69Table of ContentsJuniper Networks, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Continued evaluate certain balances related to business combinations completed during the 2010. Additional information existing as of the acquisition dates but unknown to the Company may become known during the remainder of the measurement period, not to exceed 12 months from the acquisition date, which may result in changes to the amounts and allocations recorded. Total purchase consideration for these acquisitions is summarized as follows in millions:   stock option and RSU awards allocated to purchase price  fair value of the stock option and RSU awards assumed was based on the acquired company determined value on the acquisition date.Allocation of the purchase consideration for acquisitions completed during the year ended December31, 2010, is summarized as follows in  assets acquired liabilities  assets  goodwill recognized is attributable primarily to expected synergies, the acquired assembled workforce, and the economies of scale expected from combining the operatio
ns of 2010 acquisitions and the Company. Certain amounts of the acquired goodwill is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes; however we are unable to estimate the total amount at this time.The Company recognized $63 million of acquisition-related costs in 2010. These costs were expensed in the period incurred and reported in the Company consolidated statement of operations as acquisition-related and other charges. There were no acquisitions or acquisition related charges incurred by the Company in 2009 and 2008.The following table presents details of the intangible assets acquired through the business combinations completed during the year ended December31, 2010 in millions, except years:  Useful Life In YearsAmountEstimated Useful Life In YearsAmountEstimated Useful Life In YearsAmountEstimated Useful Life In YearsAmountTotal AmountExisting technology<
td  solid  research and development403879117Core technology4032<
div 
78Customer contracts and related  agreements and related  agreements200101OEM customer 
/div>$564$1165Acquired in-process research and development IPRD consists of existing research and development projects at the time of the acquisition. Projects that qualify as IPRD assets represent those that have not yet reached technological feasibility and 70Table of ContentsJuniper Networks, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Continued have no alternative future use. After initial recognition, acquired IPRD assets are accounted for as indefinite-lived intangible assets. Development c
osts incurred after acquisition on acquired development projects are expensed as incurred. Upon completion of development, acquired IPRD assets are considered amortizable finite-lived assets. As of December 31, 2010, IPRD related to the Ankeena acquisition has completed development and is considered amortizable finite-lived assets. Total IPRD assets related to the Altor acquisition were $79 million and estimated future cost to complete these IPRD projects is $18 million. Note 4. Net Income Per Share Basic net income per share is computed by dividing net income available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for that period. Diluted net income per share is computed giving effect to all dilutive potential common shares that were outstanding during the period. Dilutive potential common shares consist of shares issuable upon exercise of stock options, vesting of RSUs, and vesting of PSAs. The following table presents the calculation of basic and diluted net income per share attributable to Juniper Networks in millions, except per share amounts: Years Ended  income attributable to Juniper  shares used to compute basic net income per share522452365303Effect of dilutive securities:Shares issuable upon conversion of the Senior Notes88Employee stock  shares used to compute diluted net income per share538853405514Net income per share attributable to Juniper Networks common stockholders:Basic$118
Company excludes outstanding stock options with exercise prices that are greater than the average market price from the calculation of diluted net income per share because their effect would be anti-dilutive. The Company includes the common shares underlying PSAs in the calculation of diluted net income per share when they become contingently issuable and excludes such shares when they are not contingently issuable. Employee stock option awards and PSAs covering approximately 140 million and 389 million shares of the Company common stock were outstanding but were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share for the years ended December31, 2010, and 2009, respectively, because their effect would have been anti-dilutive. 71Table of ContentsJuniper Networks, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Continued Note 5.Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Investments Cash and Cash Equivalents The following table summarizes the Company cash and cash equivalents in millions: As of December 31,20102009Cash:Demand deposits$4130
$4272Time deposits27331279Total cash68635551Cash equivalents:U.S. government  enterprise obligations50
sh;Commercial paper40170Money market funds1,03991,0326Total cash equivalents
1,12561,0496Total cash and cash  in Available-for-Sale and Trading Securities The following table summarizes the Company unrealized gains and losses, and fair value of investments designated as available-for-sale and trading securities, as of December31, 2010, and 2009 in millions: Amortized CostGross Unreali
zed GainsGross Unrealized LossesEstimated Fair ValueAs of December31, 2010:Fixed income securities:U.S. government  enterprise  government debt  of deposit20901210Commercial paper9595Asset-backed  debt securities45972202<
font  fixed income  available-for-sale  securities81
as:Short-term   of ContentsJuniper Networks, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements C
ontinued Amortized CostGross Unrealized GainsGross Unrealized LossesEstimated Fair ValueAs of December31, 2009:Fixed income securities:U.S. government  enterprise  government debt  debt securities488220
034899Total fixed income  equity securities5454Total available-for-sale  securities47
as:Short-term  investments4822
following table presents the maturities of the Company available-for-sale and trading securities, as of December31, 2010, and 2009 in millions: Amortized CostGross Unrealized GainsGross Unrealized LossesEstimated Fair ValueAs of December31, 2010:Due within one year$4655$09$$4664Due between one and five years533522055352No contractual maturity8181<
tr>Total$1,0071
sp;$31$05<
div  CostGross Unrealized GainsGross Unrealized LossesEstimated Fair ValueAs of December31, 2009:Due within one year$5594$10$$5604Due between one and five years482220074835No contractual  of ContentsJuniper Networks, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Continued The following tables presents the Company available-for-sale investments that are in an unrealized loss position as of December31, 2010 and 2009 in millions:Less than 12 Months12 Months or GreaterTotalFair ValueUnrealized LossFair ValueUnrealized LossFair ValueUnrealized LossAs of December 31, 2010Corporate debt securities  
enterprise  government debt securi
ties 16262Commercial paper5050Asset-backed 
p;$2568$05
includes investments that were in an immaterial unrealized loss position 12 months or greater as of December 31, 2010.Less than 12 MonthsTotalFair ValueUnrealized LossFair ValueUnrealized LossAs of December 31, 2009Corporate debt  enterprise  investments  investments consist of U.S. and foreign government securities.The Company had no investments in publicly-traded equity securities as of December31, 2010. The Company had no impairment charges to its publicly-traded equity investments in 2009 and in 2008, the Company realized an impairment charge of $35 million on a publicly-traded equity security due to a sustained decline in the fair value of the investment below its cost basis that the Company judged to be other than temporary. There were no material realized gains or losses from the sale of available-for-sale securities in 2010, 2009, and 2008. The Company generated cash proceeds of $1,6244 million, $6838 million, and $4994 million from maturities and sales of our available-for-sale investments during 2010, 2009, and 2008, respectively. The Company had 73 and 52 investments that were in an unrealized loss position as of December31, 2010, and 2009, respectively. The gross unrealized losses related to these investments were due to changes in interest rates. The contractual terms of these investments do not permit the issuer to settle the securities at a price less than the amortized cost of the investment. For fixed income securities that have unrealized losses, the Company has determined that iit does not have the intent to sell any of these investments, and iiit is not mor
e likely than not that it will be required to sell any of these investments before recovery of the entire amortized cost basis. The Company did not consider these investments to be other than temporarily impaired as of December31, 2010, and December31, 2009, respectively. The Company reviews its investments to identify and evaluate investments that have an indication of possible impairment. The Company aggregates its investments by category and length of time the securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position to facilitate its evaluation. Privately-Held Equity InvestmentsThe Company minority equity investments in privately-held companies are carried at cost, as the Company does not have a controlling interest or the ability to exercise significant influence over these companies. The Company adjusts its privately-held equity investments for any impairment if the fair value exceeds the carrying value of the respective assets. As of December31, 2010, and 2009, the carrying values of the Company privately-held equity investments of $221 million and $139 million, respectively, were included in other long-term assets in the consolidated balance sheets. In 2010, 2009, and 2008, the Company invested a total of $133 million, $72 million, and $46 million, respectively, in privately-held equity 74Table of ContentsJuniper Networks, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Continued investments. In 2010, as a result of the acquisitions of Ankeena and Altor, the Company recognized a gain of $32 million and $21 million, respectively, from its minority equity investments in those companies. In 2009, the Company had a minority equity investment in a privately-held company that was acquired by a publicly-traded company for which the Company received a cash payment of $10 million and common stock of the acquiring company of $10 million, which is classified as an available-for-sale investment. Additionally, the Company had a minority equity investment in a privately-held company that was acquired by a third party for which the Company received a payment of $21 million in 2008 and $03 million in 2009.The Company measures the fair value of privately-held equity investments using an analysis of the financial condition and near-term prospects of the investees, including rece
nt financing activities and their capital structure. In 2010, the Company determined there were no impairments to its privately-held equity investments. During the years ended December 31, 2009, and 2008, the Company recognized an impairment loss of $55 million and $113 million, respectively, on its minority equity investments in privately-held companies determined to be other than temporary. Restricted Cash Restricted cash consists of: i amounts held in escrow accounts, as required by certain acquisitions completed in 2005 and 2010; ii the India Gratuity Trust and Israel Retirement Trust, which cover statutory severance obligations in the event of termination of the Company India and Israel employees, respectively; and iii the Directors and Officers DO indemnification trust.In2010, the Company increased its restricted cash by $2619 million, primarily for the escrow accounts required by the acquisitions completed in 2010, and to a lesser extent for the Israel Retirement Trust established in the first quarter of 2010. The increases in restricted cash were partially offset by distributions of approximately $1965 million, mainly related to the 2010 acquisitions. In connection with the Ankeena acquisition, the Company agreed to pay $107 million from escrow, which represents the cash value of unvested restricted shares in Ankeena as of April8, 2010, to certain former Ankeena employees. As of December31, 2010, the Company expects to release $61 million from escrow as these restricted shares vest over the next two years. In 2009, the Company distributed $10 million of its restricted cash in connection with the escrow fund associated with the acquisition of Funk Software. The Company also increased its restricted cash by an aggregate of $113 million in 2009 to fund both its India Gratuity and DO Trusts due to overall growth of the Company. The following table summarizes the Company restricted cash as reported in the consolidated balance sheets 
in millions: As of December 31,20102009Restricted cash:Demand deposits$17$38Total restricted cash1738Restricted investments div  government securities06198Corporate debt securities<
div 
Money market funds1143301Total restricted investments1176499Total restricted cash and investments$1193$537As of December31, 2010, and 2009, the unrealized gain and losses related to restricted investments were immaterial. 75Table of Content
sJuniper Networks, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Continued Note 6.Fair Value Measurements Fair Value Hierarchy The Company determines the fair values of its financial instruments based on the fair value hierarchy, which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value assumes that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability occurs in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability and establishes that the fair value of an asset or liability shall be determined based on the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing t
he asset or liability. The classification of a financial asset or liability within the hierarchy is based upon the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The fair value hierarchy prioritizes the inputs into three levels that may be used to measure fair value: Level1- Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level2- Inputs are quoted prices for simila
r assets and liabilities in active markets or inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly through market corroboration, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument. These inputs are valued using market based approaches.Level3- Inputs are unobservable inputs based on the Company assumptions. These inputs, if any, are valued using internal financial models.Assets an
d Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis The following tables provide a summary of assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis and their presentation on the Companys consolidated balance sheets in millions:Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2010 UsingQuoted Prices in Active Markets For Identical AssetsSignificant Other Observable Remaining InputsSignificant Other Unobservable Remaining InputsLevel 1
Level 2Level 3TotalAvailable-for-sale debt securities:U.S. government securities  enterprise obligations2089101
bsp;2190Foreign government debt securities210260&
nbsp;470Commercial paper135135Corporate debt securities 22746174644Certificate of deposit210210Asset-backed securities900 font>900
Money market funds 31,15421,1542Total available-for-sale debt  available-for-sale securities1,4417
80312,2448Trading securities:Mutual funds8181Total trading  assets:Foreign exchange contracts0404Total derivative assets0404Total assets measured at fair  includes $06 million of restricted investments measured at fair market value, related to an acquisition completed in 2005. For additional information regarding the Company restricted investments, see Note 5, Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Investments, under the heading Restricted Cash. Restricted investments are included in the restricted cash balance in the consolidated balance sheet76Table of ContentsJuniper Networks, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Continued 2Balance includes $27 million of restricted investments measured at fair market value, related to the Company India Gratuity Trust3Balance includes $1143 million of restricted investments measured at fair market value, related to the Company DO trust. Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2010 UsingQuoted Prices in Active Markets For Identical AssetsSignifica
nt Other Observable Remaining InputsSignificant Other Unobservable Remaining InputsLevel 1Level 2
Level 3TotalReported as:Cash  investments1507 font>32384745Long-term  cash1170061176Prepaid expenses and other current assets0404Total assets measured at fair  Value Measurements at December 31, 2009 UsingQuoted Prices in Active Markets For Identical AssetsSignificant Other Observable Remaining InputsSignificant Other Unobservable Remaining InputsLevel 1Level 2Level 3Total
Reported as:Cash   investments1812 td>30234835Restricted cash499499Prepaid expenses and other current assets0202Total assets measured at fair  of December 31, 2010, and 2009, the Company had $26 million and $15 million, respectively, of derivative liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The Company recorded the derivative liabilities, which related to its foreign exchange contracts, within other accrued liabilities in its consolidated balance sheets. These liabilities were measured using s
ignificant other observable remaining inputs Level 2 pursuant to the fair value hierarchy.The Company policy is to recognize asset or liability transfers among Level 1, Level 2, and Level 3 as of the actual date of the events or change in circumstances that caused the transfer. During the years ended December 31, 2010, and 2009, the Company had no transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy of its assets or liabilities measured at fair value. Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis The Company assets are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis at least annually or on a quarterly basis if impairment is indicated. As of December 31, 2010, and December 31, 2009, the carrying value of privately-held equity investments measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis was $08 million and $05 million, respectively. These privately-held equity investments, which are normally carried at cost, were measured at fair value due to events and circumstances that the Company identified as significantly impacting the fair value of the investments. The Company measured the fair value of its privately-held equity investments using an analysis of the financial condition and near-term prospects of the investee, including recent financing activities and their capital structure. As a result, the Company recognized an impairment loss of $55 million in the year ended December 31, 2009, and classified the investments as Level 3 assets due to the absence of quoted market prices and inherent lack of liquidity. The Company had no impairment charges against its privately-held equity investments 
in the year ended December 31, 2010.The Company had no liabilities that were measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis during the years ended December31, 2010, and 2009. 77Table of ContentsJuniper Networks, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Continued Note 7. Goodwill and Purchased Intangible Assets Goodwill The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill during the two years ended December31, 2010, are as follows in millions: InfrastructureSLTTotalBalance as of January 1,  impairment  value at January 1,  as of December 31,  impairment  value at December 31,  as of January1, 
/td>Accumulated impairment  value at January1, 20101,5005
bsp;2,15813,6586Adjustment to goodwill0202Goodwill acquired during the twelve months ended December 31, 2010142912612690Balance as of December 31, 2010Goodwill1,64343,5644
5,2078Accumulated impairment  value at December 31,  the year ended December31, 2010, the Company recorded goodwill of $531 million, $481 million, $782 million, and $898 million as a result of its acquisitions of Ankeena, SMobile, Altor, and Trapeze, respectiv
ely. For further discussion, see Note 3, Business Combinations. The Company performed goodwill impairment reviews as of November1, 2010, and 2009, and concluded that there was no impairment to goodwill during the years ended December31, 2010 and 2009. 78Table of ContentsJuniper Networks, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Continued Purchased Intangible Assets The following table presents the Company purchased intangible assets in millions: GrossAccumulated AmortizationAdditionsNetAs of December31, 2010:Intangible assets with definite lives:Technologies and patents$3800$3814$911 div  intangible assets with definite  with indefinite lives
of December31, 2009:Technologies and  the year ended December31, 2010, the Company recorded $122 million, $266 million, $213 million, and 
$564 million of purchased intangible assets as a result of its acquisitions of Ankeena, SMobile, Altor and Trapeze. For further discussion, see Note 3, Business Combinations. Amortization of purchased intangible assets included in operating expenses and cost of product revenues totaled $86 million and $154 million in 2010 and 2009, respectively. The Company determined that there was no impairment of its intangible assets as of December 31, 2010 and 2009.The estimated future amortization expense of purchased intangible assets with definite lives for future periods is as follows in millions: 
Years Ending December  of ContentsJuniper Networks, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Continued Note 8.Other Financial Information Property and Equipment Property and equipment consist of the following in millions: As of December 31,20102009Computers and   and fixtures249216Land
and land  and equipment, gross1,06549226Accumulated  and equipment, net$4939$4557Depreciation expense was $1468 million, $1330 million, and $1235 million in 2010, 2009, and 2008, respectively. Deferred Revenue Amounts billed in excess of revenue recognized are included as deferred revenue in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Product deferred revenue, net of the related deferred cost of revenue, includes shipments to end-users, value-added resellers, and distributors. The following table provides a breakdown of the Company deferred revenue in millions:As of December 31,20102009Deferred product revenue:Undelivered product commitments and other product  inventory and other sell-through items14341366Deferred gross product revenue43753913Deferred cost of product revenue14881500Deferred product revenue, net28872413Deferred service  as:
bsp;Current$6602
of ContentsJuniper Networks, Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Continued Warranties The Company provides for the estimated cost of product warranties at the time revenue is recognized. This provision is reported as accrued warranty within current liabilities on its consolidated balance sheets. Changes in the Company accrued warranty are as follows in millions: As of December 31,20102009Beginning balance$382$401Provisions made during the period, net
499469Change in estimate3056Actual costs incurred during the period492 font>432Ending balance$359$382Restructurin
g Liabilities During 2009, the Company implemented a restructuring plan the 2009 Restructuring Plan in an effort to better align its business operations with the current market and macroeconomic conditions. The restructuring plan included restructuring of certain business functions that resulted in reductions of workforce and facilities. The Company recorded $108 million and $195 million in restructuring charges during the years ended December31, 2010, and 2009, respectively, associated with the 2009 Restructuring Plan. The Company incurred no restructuring charges in the year ended December31, 2008. Restructuring charges were based on the Company restructuring plans that were committed to by management. Any changes in the estimates of executing the approved plans will be reflected in the Company results of operations. The following tables illustrate changes in the restructuring liabilities during 2010 and 2009, respectively in millions: Liability as of December 31, 2009ChargesCash PaymentsAdjustmentLiability as of December 31,  contractual commitments, and other  restructuring  as of December 31, 2008ChargesCash PaymentsAdjustmentLiability as of December 31,  contractual commitments, and other charges123750345Total restructuring  and Other Income, Net Interest and other income, net, consists of the following in millions: Years Ended December 31,201020092008Interest income and expense, net$18$58$496
Other income and expense, net011109Total interest and other income, net$19$69$487Interest income and expense, net, primarily includes interest income from the Company cash, cash equivalents, and 81Table of ContentsJuniper Networks, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements Continued investments, as well as customer financing charges. Other income and expense, net, primarily includes foreign exchange gains and losses and other miscellaneous expenses such as bank fees. Note 9.Financing ArrangementsThe Company has customer finan
cing arrangements to sell its accounts receivable to a major third-party financing provider. The program does not and is not intended to affect the timing of revenue recognition because the Company only recognizes revenue upon sell-through. Under the financing arrangements, proceeds from the financing provider are due to the Company 30 days from the sale of the receivable. In these transactions with the financing provider, the Company has surrendered control over the transferred assets. The accounts receivable have been isolated from the Company and put beyond the reach of creditors, even in the event of bankruptcy. The Company does not maintain effective control over the transferred assets through obligations or rights to redeem, transfer, or repurchase the receivables after they have been transferred. Pursuant to the financing arrangements for the sale of receivables, the Company sold net receivables of $6375 million and $4498 million in 2010 and 2009, respectively. In 2010 and 2009, the Company received cash proceeds of $5957 million and $4263 million, respectively. The amounts owed by the financing provider recorded as accounts receivable on the Company consolidated balance sheets as of December31, 2010, and Dec
ember31, 2009, were $1274 million and $898 million, respectively. The portion of the financed receivable that has not been recognized as revenue is accounted for as a financing arrangement and is included in other accrued liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. As of December31, 2010, and December31, 2009, the estimated amounts of cash received from the financing provider that has not been recognized as revenue from its distributors was $491 million and $526 million, respectively. Note 10.Derivative Instruments The Company uses derivatives to partially offset its market exposure to fluctuations in certain foreign currencies and does not enter into derivatives for speculative or trading purposes. The notional amount of Company foreign currency derivatives are summarized as follows in millions: As of December 31,20102009
Cash flow hedges$1104$594Non-
designated hedges744547<
font  Flow Hedges The Company uses foreign currency forward or option contracts to hedge certain forecasted foreign currency transactions relating to cost of services and operating expenses. The derivatives are intended to protect the U.S.Dollar equivalent of the Company planned cost of services and operating expenses denominated in foreign currencies. These derivatives are designated as cash flow hedges. Execution of these cash flow hedge derivatives typically occurs e
very month with maturities of less than one year. The effective portion of the derivative gain or loss is initially reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income loss, and upon occurrence of the forecasted transaction, is subsequently reclassified into the cost of services or operating expense line item to which the hedged transaction relates. The Company records any ineffectiveness of the hedging instruments in interest and other income, net in its consolidated statements of operations. Cash flows from such hedges are classified as operating activities. All amounts within other comprehensive income loss are expected to be reclassified into earnings within the next 12months. The total fair value of the Companys derivative assets located in other current assets in the consolidated balance sheets as of December31, 2010, and 2009, was $04 million and $02 million, respectively. The total fair value of the Companys derivative liabilities located in other accrued liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets as of December31, 2010, and 2009, was $26 million and $15 million, respectively82Table of ContentsJuniper Networks, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Continued During the year end
ed December31, 2010, the Company recognized a loss of $30 million in accumulated other comprehensive income for the effective portion of its derivative instruments and reclassified a loss of $21 million from other comprehensive income to operating expense in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company recognized a gain of $06 million in accumulated other comprehensive income for the effective portion of 
its derivative instruments and reclassified a gain of $42 million from other comprehensive income to operating expense in the consolidated statements of operations during the year ended December31, 2009. The ineffective portion of the Company hedging instruments recognized in its consolidated statements of operations was immaterial during the three years ended December31, 2010. Non-Designated Hedges The Company also uses foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate variability in gains and losses generated from the re-measurement of certain monetary assets and liabilities denominated
in foreign currencies. These hedges do not qualify for special hedge accounting treatment. These derivatives are carried at fair value with changes recorded in interest and other income, net. Changes in the fair value of these derivatives are largely offset by re-measurement of the underlying assets and liabilities. Cash flows from such derivatives are classified as operating activities. The derivatives have maturities of approximately two months. The Company recognized a loss of $03 million and a gain of $49 million on non-designated derivative instruments within interest and other income, net, in its consolidated statements of operations during the years ended December31, 2010, and 2009, respectively. Note 11.Equity Stock Repurchase Activities In February2010, the Companys Board of Directors the Board approved a new stock repurchase program the 2010 Stock Repurchase Program which authorized the Company to repurchase up to $10 billion of its common stock. This new authorization is in addition to the stock repurchase program approved by the Board in March2008 the 2008 Stock Repurchase Program, which also enabled the Company to repurchase up to $10 billion of the Companys common stock.Under the two stock repurchase programs, the Company repurchased approximately 197 million shares of its c
ommon stock at an average price of $2867 per share for a total purchase price of $5635 million in the year ended December31, 2010, and approximately 207 million shares of its common stock at an average price of $2191 per share for a total purchase price of $4535 million in the year ended December31, 2009. As of December31, 2010, there were no remaining authorized funds under the 2008 Stock Repurchase Program and $7551 million remaining authorized funds under the 2010 Stock Repurchase Program.In addition to repurchases under the Companys stock repurchase programs, there were also broker-transacted repurchases of common stock from the Company employees in connection with net issuance of shares to satisfy tax withholding obligations for the vesting of certain RSUs and PSAs. There were broker-transacted repurchases of approximately 01 million shares of common stock at an average price of $2575 per share for an aggregate purchase price of $19 million in connection with the net issuances during the year ended December31, 2010. There was an immaterial amount of broker-transacted repurchases of common stock from the Company employees in connection with net issuance of shares during the year ended December31, 2009.All shares of common stock repurchased under the Companys 2008 and 2010 stock repurchase programs and from its employees in connection with net issuances have been retired. Future share repurchases under the Companys 2010 Stock Repurchase Program will be subject to a review of the circumstances in place at that time and will be made from time to time in private transactions or open market purchases as permitted by securities laws and other legal requirements. This program may be discontinued at any time. See Note18, Subsequent Events, for discussion of the Company stock repurchase activity in 2011. 83Table of ContentsJuniper Networks, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Continued Comprehensive IncomeComprehensive income attributable to Juniper Networks consists of the following in millions:Years Ended December 31,2010 td>20092008
Consolidated net income$6194$1152$5117Other comprehensive income, net of tax:Change in unrealized gain loss on investments, net tax of nil032826
p;Change in foreign currency translation adjustment, net tax of nil0556190Total other comprehensive income loss, net of tax0228164Consolidated comprehensive income619611804953Adjust for comprehensive income loss attributable to noncontrolling interest10 td>18Comprehensive income attributable to Juniper  12.Employee Benefit Plans Stock Option Plans 2006 Equity Incentive Plan On May18, 2006, the Company stockholders adopted the Company 2006 Equity Incentive Plan the 2006 Plan to enable the granting of incentive stock options, nonstatutory stock options, RSUs, restricted stock, stock appreciation rights, performance shares, performance units, deferred stock units, and dividend equivalents to the employees and consultants of the Company. The 2006 Plan also provides for automatic, non-discretionary awards of nonstatutory stock options and RSUs to the Company non-employee members of the Board. The maximum aggregate number of shares authorized under the 2006 Plan was 645 millionshares of common stock, plus the addition of any shares subject to outstanding options under the Company Amended and Restated 1996 Stock Plan the 1996 Plan and the Company 2000 Nonstatutory Stock Option Plan the 2000 Plan to the extent that they expire unexercised after May18, 2006, up to a maximum of 750 million additional shares of common stock. In the second quarter of 2010, the Company stockholders approved an amendment to the 2006 Plan that increased the number of shares reserved for issuance thereunder by an additional 300 million shares. Options granted under the 2006 Plan have a maximum term of seven years from the grant date, and generally vest and become exercisable over a four-year period. Subject to the terms of change of control severance agreements, and except for a limited number of shares allowed under the 2006 Plan, restricted stock, performa
nce shares, RSUs, or deferred stock units that vest solely based on continuing employment or provision of services will vest in full no earlier than the three-year anniversary of the grant date, or in the event vesting is based on factors other than continued future provision of services, such awards will vest in full no earlier than the one-year anniversary of the grant date. The 2006 Plan provides each non-employee director an automatic grant of an option to purc
hase 50,000shares of common stock on the date such individual first becomes a director, whether through election by the stockholders of the Company or appointment by the Board to fill a vacancy the First Option. In addition, at each of the Company annual stockholder meetings ieach non-employee director who was a non-employee director on the date of the prior year annual stockholder meeting shall be automatically granted RSUs for a number of shares equal to the Annual Value as defined below, and iieach non-employee director who was not a non-employee director on the date of the prior year annual stockholder meeting shall receive a RSU award for a number of shares determined by multiplying the Annual Value by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days since the non-employee director received their First O
ption, and the denominator of which is 365, rounded down to the nearest whole share. Each RSU award specified in iand iiare referred to herein as an Annual Award. The Annual Value means the number of RSUs equal to $125,000 divided by the average daily closing price of the Company common stock over the six month period ending on the last day of the fiscal year preceding the date of grant. The First Option vests monthly over approximately three years from the grant date subject to the non-employee director continuous service on 84Table of ContentsJuniper Networks, Inc. Notes to Consolid
ated Financial Statements Continued the Board. The Annual Award shall vest approximately one year from the grant date subject to the non-employee director continuous service on the Board. Under the 2006 Plan, options granted to non-employee directors have a maximum term of seven years. 2000 Nonstatutory
Stock Option Plan In July 2000, the Board adopted the 2000 Plan. The 2000 Plan provided for the granting of nonstatutory stock options to employees, directors, and consultants. Options granted under the 2000 Plan generally become exercisable over a four-year period beginning on the date of grant and have a maximum term of ten years. The Company had authorized 909 million shares of common stock for issuance under the 2000 Plan. Effective May18, 2006, additional equity awards under the 2000 Plan were discontinued and new equity awards are being granted under the 2006 Plan. Remaining authorized shares under the 2000 Plan that were not subject to outstanding awards as of May18, 2006, were canceled on May18, 2006. The 2000 Plan will remain in effect as to outstanding equity awards granted under the plan prior to May18, 2006. Amended and Restated 1996 Stock Plan The 1996 Plan provided for the granting of incentive stock options to employees and nonstatutory stock options to employees, directors, and consultants. On November3, 2005, the Board adopted an amendment to the 1996 Plan to add the ability to issue RSUs under the 1996 Plan. Options granted under the 1996 Plan generally became exercisable over a four-year period beginning on the date of grant and have a maximum term of ten years. The Company had authorized 1646 millionshares of common stock for issuance under the 1996 Plan. Effective May18, 2006, additional equity awards under the 1996 Plan were discontinued and new equity awards are being granted under the 2006 Plan. Remaining authorized shares under the 1996 Plan that were not subject to outstanding awards as of May18, 2006, were canceled on May18, 2006. The 1996 Plan will remain in effect as to outstanding equity awards granted under the plan prior to May18, 2006. Plans Assumed Upon Acquisition In connection with the recent and past acquisitions, the Company assumed options and RSUs under the stock plans of the acquired companies. The Company exchanged those options and restricted stock for Juniper Networks' options and restricted stock and, in the case of the options, authorized the appropriate number of shares of common stock for issuance pursuant to those options. As of December31, 2010, there were approximately 21 million shares of common stock subject to outstanding awards under plans assumed through past acquisitions. Th
ere was no restricted stock subject to repurchase as of December31, 2010, and 2009. There were no restricted stock repurchases during 2010, 2009, and 2008. 85Table of ContentsJuniper Networks, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Continued Stock Option Activities A summary of the Company stock option activity and related information as of and for the three years ended December31, 2010, is set forth in the following t
able: Outstanding OptionsNumber of SharesWeighted-Average Exercise PriceWeighted Average Remaining Contractual TermAggregate Intrinsic ValueIn millionsIn dollarsIn yearsIn millionsBalance at December31, 2007669$2036Options granted157
2308Options canceled242203Options exercised571449Options expired092875Balance at December31, 20087362124Options granted991786Options canceled232157Options exercised861459Options expired523491Balance at December31, 20096742084Options granted622915Options assumed 1053165Options canceled232203Options exercised2161899Options expired086148Balance at December31, 2010494$219041 years$7445As of December31, 2010:Vested or expected-to-vest options470$217941 years$7139Exercisable options321$209635  options assumed in connection with the acquisition of Ankeena and Altor.Aggregate intrinsic value represents the difference between the Company closing stock price on the last trading day of the fiscal period, which was $3692 as of December31, 2010, and the exercise price multiplied by the number of related options. The pre-tax intrinsic value of options exercised, representing the difference between the fair market value of the Company common stock on the date of the exercise and the exercise price of each option, was $2603 million, $836 million, and $667 million for 2010, 2009, and 2008, respectively. Total fair value of options vested during 2010, 2009, and 2008 was $832 million, $889 million, and $703 million, respectively. 
86Table of ContentsJuniper Networks, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Continued The following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding under all option plans as of December31, 2010: <
td width=1%>Options OutstandingOptions ExercisableRange of Exercise PriceNumber OutstandingWeighted-Average Remaining Contractual LifeWeighted-Average Exercise PriceNumber ExercisableWeighted-Average Exercise Price<
div  millionsIn yearsIn dollarsIn millionsIn dollars$033 -  -  - $18135136174437
1755$1817 - $225552&
nbsp;322012
462001$2259 -  -  -  -  -  -  of December31, 2010, approximately 321 million shares of common stock were exercisable at a weighted-average exercise price of $2096 per share. As of December31, 2009, approximately 440 million shares of common stock were exercisable at an average exercise price of $2091 per share. 87Table of ContentsJuniper Networks, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Continued Restricted Stock Units and Performance Share Award Activities 
RSUs generally vest over a period of three to four years from the date of grant and PSAs granted generally vest from 2010 through 2013 provided that certain annual performance targets 
and other vesting criteria are met. Until vested, RSUs and PSAs do not have the voting and dividend participation rights of common stock and the shares underlying the awards are not considered issued and outstanding. The following table summarizes information about the Company RSUs and PSAs for the three years ended December31, 2010: Outstanding RSUs and PSAsNumber of SharesWeighted-Average Fair ValueWeighted Average Remaining Contractual TermAggregate Intrinsic ValueIn millionsIn dollarsIn yearsIn millionsBalance at December31, 200763$2240RSUs granted152351PSAs granted152561RSUs vested191837RSUs canceled062121 tr>PSAs canceled012516Balance at December31, 200867$2459RSUs granted181787PSAs granted291805RSUs vested132105PSAs vested012690RSUs canceled072467PSAs canceled021912Balance at December31, 200991$2176RSUs granted403019RSUs assumed 1053209PSAs granted 2382925RSUs vested182530PSAs ve
sted042064RSUs canceled062487PSAs canceled042257
;Balance at December31, 2010142$259417 years$5229As of December31, 2010:Vested and expected-to-vest RSUs and PSAs121$257016  assumed in connection with the acquisitions of Ankeena and Altor2The number of shares subject to PSAs granted represents the aggregate maximum number of shares that may be issued pursuant to the award over its full term. The aggregate number of shares subject to these PSAs that would be issued if performance goals determined by the Compensation Committee are achieved at target is 15 million shares. Depending on achievement of such performance goals, the range of shares that could be issued under these awards is 0 to 37 million shares.Employee Stock Purchase Plan In April 1999, the Board approved the adoption of Juniper Networks 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan the 1999 Purchase Plan. The 1999 Purchase Plan permits eligible employees to acquire shares of the Company common stock through periodic payroll deducti
ons of up to 10% of base compensation. Each employee may purchase no more than 6,000shares in any twelve-month period, and in no event, may an employee purchase more than $25,000 worth of stock, determined at the fair market value of the shares at the time such option is granted, in one calendar year. The 1999 Purchase Plan is implemented in a series of offering periods, each six months in duration, or a shorter period as determined by the Board. The price at which the common stock may be purchased is 85% of the lesser of the fair market value of the Company common stock on the first day of the applicable offering period or on the last day of the applicable offering period. 88Table of ContentsJuniper Networks, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Continued In May 2008, the Company stockholders approved the adoption of the Juniper Networks 2008 Employee Stock Purchase Plan the 2008 Purchase Plan
uo;, which replaced the 1999 Purchase Plan. The Board reserved an aggregate of 120 millionshares of the Company common stock for issuance under the 2008 Purchase Plan. The 2008 Purchase Plan is generally similar to the 1999 Purchase Plan, except that under the 2008 Purchase Plan, any increases to the number of shares reserved for issuance must be approved by the Company stockholders. The first offering period of the 2008 Purchase Plan commenced on the first trading day after February1, 2009. Employees purchased approximately 20 million, 32 million, and 16 million shares of common stock through the 2008 Purchase Plan and 1999 Purchase Plan at an average exercise price of $2120, $1216, and $2257 per share during fis
cal years 2010, 2009, and 2008, respectively. As of December31, 2010, approximately 36 million shares had been issued under the 2008 Purchase Plan, and 84 million shares remained available for future issuance. Effective February1, 2009, immediately following the conclusion of the offering period ended January30, 2009, the 1999 Purchase Plan was discontinued, and no shares remained available for future issuance under such plan. 
Shares Available for Grant The following table presents the total number of shares available for grant under the 2006 Plan as of December31, 2010: Number of Shares&
nbsp;In millionsBalance at December 31, 2009180Additional authorized share reserve approved by stockholders300RSUs and PSAs granted 1164Options granted62RSUs and PSAs canceled 122Options canceled 223Options expired 208Balance at December31,  and PSAs with a per share or unit purchase price lower than 100% of the fair market value of the Company common stock on the day of the grant under the 2006 Plan are counted against shares authorized under the plan as two and one-tenth shares of common stock for each share subject to such award. The number of shares subject to PSAs granted represents the maximum number of shares that may be issued pursuant to the award over its full term2Includes canceled or expired options under the 1996 Plan and the 2000 Plan that expired unexercised after May 18, 2006, which become available for grant under the 2006 Plan according to its terms.Common Stock Reserved for Future Issuance As of December31, 2010, the Company had reserved an aggregate of approximately 1027 million shares of common stock for future issuance under its stock awards plans and the 2008 Purchase Plan. Share-Based Compensation 
Expense The Company determines fair value of its stock options utilizing the BSM option-pricing model, which incorporates various assumptions including volatility, risk-free interest rate, expected life, and dividend yield. The expected volatility is based on the implied volatility of market traded options on the Company common stock, adjusted for other relevant factors including historical volatility of the Company common stock over the most recent period commensurate with the estimated expected life of the Company stock options. The expected life of an award is based on historical experience and on the terms and conditions of the stock awards granted to employees, as well as the potential effect
from options that had not been exercised at the time. Since 2006, the Company has granted stock option awards that have a maximum contractual life of seven years from the date of grant. Prior to 2006, stock option awards generally had a ten-year contractual life from the date of grant. The Company determines fair value of its RSUs and PSAs based upon the fair market value of the Company common stock at the date of grant89Table of ContentsJuniper Networks, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Continued The assumptions used and the resulting estimates of fair value for employee stock options and ESPP during the three years ended December31, 2010, were: Years Ended December 31,201020092008Employee Stock Options:Volatility factor33% - 42%42% - 58%43% - 60%Risk-free interest rate10% - 22%04% - 42%11% - 44%Expected life years42- 4343 - 5836 - 59Dividend yieldFair value per share$783-$3383$602 - $1049$676- $1088ESPP:Volatility factor35% - 36%46% - 58%46% - 48%Risk-free interest rate02% - 02%28% - 39%19% - 22%Expected life years05
0505Dividend yieldWeighted-average fair value per share$619-$709$451 - $735$740 - $780The Company expenses the cost of its stock options on a straight
- -line basis over the vesting period and expenses the cost of its RSUs ratably over the vesting period. The Company recognizes PSA expense over the vesting period, beginning in the period in which the performance conditions are set. The Company share-based compensation expense associated with stock options, ESPP, RSUs, and PSAs was recorded in the following cost and expense categories for each of the three years ended December31, 2010 in millions: Years Ended December 31,201020092008Cost of revenues- Product$44$39$30Cost of revenues- Service 113510592Research and development785593470Sales and marketing 1549431362General and  period information has been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation.The 2010 share-based compensation expense includes the value of vested restricted shares paid to certain former Ankeena employees. For additional information, see Note 5, Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Investments, under the heading Restricted Cash90Table of ContentsJuniper Networks, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Continued 
The following table summarizes share-based compensation expense by award type for each of the three years ended December31, 2010 in millions:Years Ended December 
$597Assumed options08Other acquisition-related compensation42Assumed RSUs06RSUs and  of December 31, 2010, approximately $1093 million of unrecognized compensation cost, adjusted for estimated forfeitures, related to unvested stock options will be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately 23years while approximately $1512 million of unrecognized compensation cost, adjusted for estimated forfeitures, related to u
nvested RSUs and PSAs will be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately 23years401k Plan Juniper Networks maintains a savings and retirement plan qualified under Section401k of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Employees meeting the eligib
ility requirement, as defined, may contribute up to the statutory limits of the year. The Company has matched employee contributions since January1, 2001. The Company currently matches 25% of all eligible employee contributions. All matching contributions vest immediately. The Company matching contributions to the plan totaled $132 million, $119 million, and $107 million in 2010, 2009, and 2008, respectively. Deferred Compensation Plan 
In July 2008, the Company formed a non-qualified deferred compensation NQDC plan, which is an unfunded and unsecured deferred compensation arrangement. Under the NQDC plan, officers and other senior employees may elect to defer a portion of their compensation and contribute such amounts to one or more investment funds. The plan assets are included within investments and offsetting obligations are included within accrued compensation on the consolidated balance sheet. The investments are considered trading securities and are reported at fair value. The realized and unrealized holding gains and losses related to these investments are recorded in interest and other income, net, and the offsetting compensation expense are recorded operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. As of December31, 2010, and 2009, the deferred compensation liability under this plan was approximately $81 million and $47 million, respectively. Note 13.Segment Information The Company chief operating decision maker CODM allocates resources and assesses performance based on financial information provided by the Company business groups. The Companys operations are organized into two reportable segments: Infrastructure and SLT. The Infrastructure segment includes products from the E, M, MX, and T Series router product families, EX Series switching products, as well as the circuit-to-packet products. The SLT segment consists primarily of SRX service gateways, Firewall virtual private network Firewall systems and appliances, secure socket layer SSL virtual private network VPN appliances, the J Series router product family, intrusion de
tection and prevention IDP appliances, and wide area network WAN optimization platforms.The primary financial measure used by the CODM in assessing performance of the segments is segment operating income, which includes certain cost of revenues, RD expenses, sales and marketing expenses, and general and administrative expenses. The CODM does not allocate certain miscellaneous expenses to its segments even though such expenses are included in the Company management operating income. 
For arrangements with both Infrastructure and SLT products and services, revenue is attributed to the segment based on the underlying purchase order, contract, or sell-through report. Direct costs and operating expenses, such as standard costs, research and development RD, and product marketing expenses, are generally applied to each segment. Indirect costs, such as 91Table of Contents
Juniper Networks, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Continued manufacturing overhead and other cost of revenues, are allocated based on standard costs. Indirect operating expenses, such as sales, marketing, business development, and general and administrative expenses are generally allocated to each segment based on factors including headcount, usage, and revenue. The CODM does not allocate share-based compensation, amortization of purchased intangible assets, restructuring and impairment charges, gains or losses on equity investments, other net income and expense, income taxes, as well as certain other charges to the segments. The following table summarizes financial information used by the CODM for each segment in millions: Years Ended December 31,201020092008Net 
/div>$2,5116<
font  Infrastructure  SLT  net   segment operating income9817 font>66848718Other corporate 1 font>79Total management operating  of purchased intangible assets  compensation  payroll tax  settlement charges1823<
div   charges63Total operating income767631076950Interest and other income, net1969487Gain loss on equity  before income taxes and noncontrolling interest$7782$3121$7289<
corporate charges include severance and related costs associated with workforce-rebalancing activities, which are not included in the business segment results2Amount includes amortization expense of purchased intangible assets in operating expenses and in costs of revenues.Depreciation expense allocated to the Infrastructure segment was $1089 million, $940 million, and $863 million in the years ended December31, 2010, 2009 font>, and 2008, respectively. The depreciation expense allocated to the SLT segment was $379 million, $390 million, and $372 million in the years ended December31, 2010, 2009, and 2008, respectively92Table of ContentsJuniper Networks, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Continued The Company attributes revenues to geographic regions based on the customer ship-to location. The following table presents net revenues by geographic region in millions: 
Years Ended December    Middle East, and Africa1,189395321,0777Asia Pacific8084<
div  Communications, Inc. accounted for 106% of the Company total net revenues for 2010 and ATT, Inc. account
ed for 104% of the Company total net revenues for 2009. No single customer accounted for more than 10% of the Company total net revenues for 2008.The Company tracks assets by physical location. The majority of the Company assets, excluding cash and cash equivalents and investments, as of December31, 2010, and 2009 were attributable to U.S.operations. As of December31, 2010, and 2009, property and equipment held in the U.S.as a percentage of total property and equipment was 80% and 81%, respectively. Although management reviews asset information on a corporate level and allocates depreciation expense by segment, the CODM does not review asset information on a segment basis. Note 14.Income Taxes The components of income before the provision for income taxe
s and noncontrolling interest are summarized as follows in millions: Years Ended  income before provision for income taxes and noncontrolling interest$7782$3121$7289The provision for income taxes is summarized as follows in millions: Years Ended Dece
mber31,201020092008Current benefit  current  expense 
td  deferred expense64071143Income tax benefits attributable to employee stock plan activity580
10312Total provision for income  of ContentsJuniper Networks, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Continued The provision for income taxes differs from the amount computed by applying the federal statutory rate to income before provision for income taxes as follows in millions: Years Ended  provision at 35% rate$2724$1092$2551State taxes, net of federal benefit6216166Foreign income at different tax rates715338512RD   differences not currently benefited102728Other0325<
div  provision for income  income taxes reflect the net tax effects of tax carry-forward items and temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax 
purposes. Significant components of the Company deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows in millions: As of December31,20102009Deferred tax assets:Net operating loss  tax credit  and other credit  revenue861663Stock-based compensation756683Reserves and accruals not currently  deferred tax assets53875312Valuation  tax assets, net of valuation allowance41654184Deferred tax liabilities:Property and equipment basis   foreign  deferred tax liabilities2808
2115Net deferred tax assets$1357$2069As of December31, 2010, and 2009, the Company had a valuation allowance on its U.S.domestic deferred tax assets of approximatel
y $1222 million and $1128 million, respectively. The balance at December31, 2010, consisted of approximately $806 million against the Company California deferred assets and approximately $416 million related to losses that are capital in nature th
at will carry forward to offset future capital gains. The valuation allowance increased $94 million and $713 million in the years ended December31, 2010, and 2009, respectively. The 2010 and 2009 increases were primarily due to changes in California income tax law which impacted the future taxable income within California and the tax rates that would apply to taxable income for the years in which the deferred tax assets are expected to be realized or settled. Based upon the estimates of the Company future California taxable income, the Company has provided a valuation allowance on its remaining California deferred tax assets of $119 million in the year ended December31, 2010. As of December31, 2010 the Company had federal and California net operating loss carry-forwards of approximately $370 million and $444 million, respectively. The Company also had California tax credit carry-forwards of approximately $1384 million. Approximately $182 million of the benefit from the California tax credit carry-forwards will be credited to additional 94Table of ContentsJuniper Networks, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Continued paid-in capital when realized on the Company income tax returns since they have not met the recognition criteria set forth in ASC Topic 718. Unused net operating loss carry-forwards will expire at various dates beginning in the year 2012. The California tax credit carry-forwards will carry forward indefinitely. The Company provides U.S.income taxes on the earnings of foreign subsidiaries unless the subsidiaries' earnings are considered indefinitely reinvested outside of the United States. The Company has mad
e no provision for U.S.income taxes on approximately $1,2000 million of cumulative undistributed earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries through December31, 2010, because it is the Company intention to permanently reinvest such earnings. If such earnings were distributed, the Company would accrue additional income taxes expense of approximately $3679 million. These earnings are considered indefinitely invested in operations outside of the U.S., as we intend to utilize these amounts to fund future expansion of our international operations. <
div  of December31, 2010, 2009, and 2008 the total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits was $1164 million, $1836 million, and $1135 million, respectively. As of December31, 2010, approximately $1002 million of the $1164 million gross unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate. 
;A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of the Company total gross unrecognized tax benefits for the years ended December31, 2010, 2009, and 2008 is as follows in millions: 201020092008Balance beginning of the year$1836$1135
$947Tax positions related to current year:Additions139127179Tax positions related to prior 
div 
td  in statutes of limitations5723 div>Balance end of the year$1164$1836$1135As of December31, 2010, 2009, and 2008 the Company had accrued interest and pen
alties related to unrecognized tax benefits of $189 million, $235 million, and $87 million respectively, within other long-term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. In accordance with the Company accounting policy, accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are recognized as a component of tax expense in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company recognized a benefit for net interest and penalties of $46 million, and an expense of $148 million and $29 million in its consolidated statements of operations during the years ending December31, 2010, 2009, and 2008, respectively. The Company engages in continuous discussions and negotiations with tax authorities regarding tax matters in various jurisdictions. It is reasonably possible that the balance of the gross unrecognized tax benefits will decrease by approximately $81 million within the next twelvemonths due to potential settlements with tax authorities and lapses of applicable statutes of limitations. At this time, the Company is unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of payments related to the remaining unrecognized
tax liabilities due to uncertainties in the timing of tax audit outcomes.During 2010, the Company recognized approximately $734 million of tax benefits related to share based compensation, which the Company had previously recorded as unrecognized tax benefits in 2009. On March 22, 2010, the Court overturned its May 27, 2009 decision in Xilinx v. Commissioner and affirmed the original U.S. Tax Court decision, which held in favor of the taxpayer. While Juniper Networks was
not a named party to the case, the Court decision eliminates the uncertainty regarding the benefit of the tax position taken by the Company in certain years prior to fiscal 2004 relative to the allocable transfer price of share-based compensation related to the Company intangible development costs. The Court decision affirms that the value of share-based compensation related to share-based compensation grants made prior to 2004 is not required to be included in cost sharing agreements between related parties. In light of the Court decision, the Company has determined that the tax benefit recognized under its prior tax position is more likely than not to be sustained.The Company conducts business globally and, as a result, Juniper Networks or one or more of its su
bsidiaries files income tax 95Table of ContentsJuniper Networks, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Continued returns in the U.S.federal jurisdiction and various state and foreign jurisdictions. In the normal course of business the Company is subject to examination by taxing authorities throughout the world, including such major jurisdictions as Ireland, Hong Kong, U.K., France, Germany, The Netherlands, Japan, China, Australia, India, and the U.S.With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to U.S.federal, state and local, and non-U.S.income tax examinations for years before 2004, although carry-forward attributes that were generated prior to 2004may still be adjusted upon examination by the Internal Revenue Service IRS if the attributes either have been or will be used in a future period. The Company is currently under examination by the IRS for the 2004 through 2006 tax years, the China tax authorities for the 2009 tax year, and the France tax authorities for the 2007 through 2009 tax years. The Company is also subject to two separate ongoing examinations by the India tax authorities for the 2004 tax year and 2004 through 2008 tax years, respectively, and has received an inquiry from the Hong Kong tax authorities for the 2002 through 2008 tax years. Additionally, the Company has not reached a final resolution with the IRS on an adjustment it proposed for the 1999 and 2000 tax years. The Company is not aware of any other examination by taxing authorities in any other major jurisdictions in which it files income tax returns as of December 31, 2010. In 2009, as part of the on-going 2004 IRS audit, the Company received a proposed adjustment related to the license of acquired intangibles under an intercompany RD cost sharing arrangement. In 2009 and in April 2010, the Company received assessments from the Hong Kong tax authorities specifically related to inquiries of the 2002 and 2003 tax years, respectively. In 2008, the Company received a proposed adjustment from the India tax authorities related to the 2004 tax year. In 2009, the India tax authorities commenced a separate investigation of our 2004 through 2008 tax returns and are disputing the Company determination of taxable income due to the cost basis of certain fixed assets. The Company accrued font>$46 million in penalties and interest in 2009 relevant to this matter. The Company understands that the India tax authorities may issue an initial assessment that is substantially higher than this amount. As a result, in accordance with the administrative and judiciary process in India, the Company may be required to make payments that are substantially higher than the amount accrued in order to ultimately settle this issue. The Company strongly believes that any assessment it may receive in excess of the amount accrued would be inconsistent with applicable India tax laws and intends to defend this position vigorously. The Company is pursuing all available administrative procedures relative to the matters referenced above. The Company believes that it has adequately provided for any reasonably foreseeable outcomes related to these proposed adjustments and the ultimate resolution of these matters is unlikely to have a material effect on its consolidated financial condition or results of operations; however there is still a possibility that an adverse outcome of these matters could have a material effect on its consolidated financial condition and results of operations. For more information, please see Note15, Commitments and Contingencies, under the heading IRS Notices of Proposed Adjustments. Note 15.Commitments and ContingenciesCommitments The following table summarizes the Company principal contractual obligations as of December31, 20
10, in millions: <
td width=1%>Total
commitments19861986
h;Tax liabilities1039<
div  contractual 
;Operating Leases The Company leases its facilities under operating leases that expire at various times, the longest of which expires on November22, 2022. Future minimum payments under the non-cancelable operating leases totaled 
$2963 million as of December31, 2010. Rent expense for 2010, 2009, and 2008 was approximately $559 million, $566 million, and $580 million, respectively. 96Table of ContentsJuniper Networks, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Continued In October 2009, the Company amended three existing leases for the Company corporate headquarters facilities in Sunnyvale, California. Each lease was amended to: iextend the underlying lease term, and iiestablish new monthly base rent payments for periods after November1, 2009. The new monthly base rent payments represent a significant reduction in base rent that would have been payable for the previously remaining terms of each of the underlying leases. Purchase Commitments In order to reduce manufacturing lead times and ensure adequate component supply, contract manufacturers utilized by the Company place non-cancelable, non-returnable NCNR orders for components based on the Company build forecasts. As of December31, 2010, there were NC
NR component orders placed by the contract manufacturers with a value of $1986 million. The contract manufacturers use the components to build products based on the Company forecasts and on purchase orders that the Company has received from customers. Generally, the Company does not own the components and title to the products transfers from the contract manufacturers to the Company and immediately to the Company customers upon delivery at a designated shipment location. If the components remain unused or the products remain unsold for specified periods, the Company may incur carrying charges or obsolete materials charges for components that the contract manufacturers purchased to build products to meet the Company forecast or customer orders. As of December3
1, 2010, the Company had accrued $227 million based on its estimate of such charges. Tax Liabilities As of December3
1, 2010, the Company had $1039 million included in long-term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet for unrecognized tax positions. At this time, the Company is unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of payments related to the $1039 million in liability due to uncertainties in the timing of tax audit outcomes. Other Contractual Obligations As of December31, 2010, other contractual obligations primarily consisted of $650 million of indemnity-related and service related escrows, required by certain acquisitions completed in 2005 and 2010, $132 million remaining balance for a data center hosting agre
ement that requires payments through the end of April2013, $92 million for license and service agreements, and $77 million under a software subscription agreement that requires payments through the end of January2011.Guarantees The Company enters into agreements with customers that contain indemnification provisions relating to potential situations where claims could be alleged that the Company products infringe the intellectual property rights of a third party. Other guarantees or indemnification arrangements include guarantees of product and service performance, guarantees related to third-party customer financing arrangements, and standby letters of credit for certain lease facilities. As of December31, 2010, the Company had $216 million in guarantees and standby letters of credit. As of December31, 2009, the Company had $340 million in guarantees and standby letters of credit.Legal Proceedings From time to time, the Company is involved in
disputes, litigation, and other legal actions, including the matters described below. The Company is aggressively defending its current litigation matters, however, the outcome of these matters is currently not determinable. There are many uncertainties associated with any litigation, and these actions or other third-party claims against the Company may cause the Company to incur costly litigation and/or substantial settlement charges. In addition, the resolution of any future intellectual property litigation may require the Company to make royalty payments, which could adversely affect gross margins in future periods. If any of those events were to occur, the Company business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be adversely affected. The actual liability in any such matters may be materially different from the Company estimates, which could result in the need to adjust the liability and record additional expenses. Federal Securities ClassAction On July14, 2006, and August29, 2006, two purported class actions were filed in the Northern District of California against the Company and certain of the Company current and former officers and directors. On November20, 2006, the Court consolidated the two actions as In re Juniper Networks, Inc. Securities Litigation, No.C06-04327-JW, and appointed the New 97Table of ContentsJuniper Networks, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Continued York City Pension Funds as lead plaintiffs. The lead plaintiffs filed a Consolidated ClassAction Complaint on January12, 2007, and filed an Amended Consolidated ClassAction Complaint on April9, 2007. The Amended Consolidated Complaint alleges that the defendants violated federal securities laws by manipulating stock option grant dates to coincide with low stock prices and issuing false and misleading statements including, among others, incorrect financial statements due to the improper accounting of stock option grants. The Amended Consolidated Complaint asserts claims for violations of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 on behalf of all persons who purchased or otherwise acquired Juniper Networks' publicly-traded securities from July1
2, 2001, through and including August10, 2006. Plaintiffs seek unspecified damages in an unspecified amount. On June7, 2007, the defendants filed a motion to dismiss certain of the claims, and a hearing was held on September10, 2007. On March31, 2008, the Court issued an order granting in part and denying in part the defendants' motion to dismiss. The order dismissed with prejudice plaintiffs' section10b claim to the extent it was based on challenged statements made before July14, 2001. The order also dismissed, with leave to amend, plaintiffs' section10b claim against Pradeep Sindhu. The order upheld all of plaintiffs' remaining claims. Plaintiffs did not amend their complaint. On September25, 2009, the Court certified a plaintiff clas
s consisting of all persons and entities who purchased or otherwise acquired the Company securities from July11, 2003 to August10, 2006 inclusive, and were damaged thereby, including those who received or acquired Juniper Networks' common stock issued pursuant to the registration statement on SEC FormS-4, dated March10, 2004, for the Company merger with NetScreen Technologies Inc.; and purchasers of Zero Coupon Convertible Senior Notes due June15, 2008 issued pursuant to a registration statement on SEC FormS-3 dated November20, 2003. Excluded from the Class are the Defendants and the current and former officers and directors of the Company, their immediate families, their heirs, successors, or assigns and any entity controlled by any such person. On February5, 2010, the Company and the lead plaintiffs entered into an agreement in principle to settle the claims against the Company and each of the Company current and former officers and directors. On August 31, 2010, the Court issued an order granting final approval to the settlement and issuing an order of dismissal with prejudice. Under the terms of the settlement, the claims against the Company and its officers and directors were dismissed with prejudice and released in exchange for a $1690 million cash payment by the Company. The Company considered the proposed payment to be probable and reasonably estimable and, therefore, recorded the cash settlement amount as a pre-tax operating expense in its consolidated s
tatement of operations for the fourth quarter ended December31, 2009.IPO Allocation Case In December 2001, a class action complaint was filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against the Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation, FleetBoston Robertson Stephens, Inc., Royal Bank of Canada Dain Rauscher Wessels, SG Cowen Securities Corporation, UBS Warburg LLC War
burg Dillon Read LLC, Chase Hambrecht Quist LLC, J.P.Morgan Chase Co., Lehman Brothers, Inc., Salomon Smith Barney, Inc., Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner Smith, Incorporated collectively, the Underwriters, Juniper Networks and certain of Juniper Networks' officers. This action was brought on behalf of purchasers of the Company common stock in its initial public offering in June 1999 and the Company secondary offering in September 1999. Specifically, among other things, this complaint alleged that the prospectus pursuant to which shares of common stock were sold in the Company initial public offering and the Company subsequent secondary offering contained certain false and misleading statements or omissions regarding the practices of the Underwriters with respect to their allocation of shares of common stock in these offerings and their receipt of commissions from customers related to such allocations. Various plaintiffs have filed actions 
asserting similar allegations concerning the initial public offerings of approximately 300 other issuers. These various cases pending in the Southern District of New York have been coordinated for pretrial proceedings as In re Initial Public Offering Securities Litigation, 21 MC 92. In April 2002, the plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended complaint in the action against the Company, alleging violations of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The defendants in the coordinated proceeding filed motions to dismiss. On February19, 2003, the Court granted in part and denied in part the motion to dismiss, but declined to dismiss the claims against the Company. The parties have reached a global settlement of the litigation. On October5, 2009, the Court entered an Opinion and Order granting final approval of the settlement. Under the settlement, the insurers are to pay the full amount of settlement share allocated to the Company, and the Company will bear no financial liability. The Company and other defendants will receive complete dismissals from the case. Certain objectors have appealed the Court October5, 2009, final order to the Second Circuit Court of Appeals. Plaintiffs have filed motions to dismiss the appeals98Table of ContentsJuniper Networks, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Continued IRS Notices of Proposed Adjustment
s In 2007, the IRS opened an examination of the Company U.S.federal income tax and employment tax returns for the 2004 fiscal year. Subsequently, the IRS extended their examination of the Company employment tax returns to include fiscal years 2005 and 2006. As of December31, 2010, the IRS has not yet concluded its examinations of these returns. In September 2008, as part of its ongoing audit of the U.S.federal income tax return, the IRS issued a Notice of Proposed Adjustment NOPA regarding the Company business credits. The Company believes that it has adequately provided for any reasonable foreseeable outcome related to this proposed adjustment. In 2009, the Compa
ny received a NOPA from the IRS claiming that the Company owes additional taxes, plus interest and possible penalties, for the 2004 tax year based on a transfer pricing transaction related to the license of acquired intangibles under an intercompany RD cost sharing arrangement. The asserted changes to the Company 2004 tax year would affect the Company income tax liabilities in tax years subsequent to 2003. Because of the NOPA, the estimated incremental tax liability would be approximately $807 million, excluding interest and penalties. The Company has filed a protest to the proposed deficiency with the IRS, which has been referred to the Appeals Division of the IRS. As of December 31, 2010, an Appeals conference has not yet been scheduled. The Company strongly believes the IRS' position with regard to this matter is inconsistent with applicable tax laws
and existing Treasury regulations, and that the Company previously reported income tax provision for the year in question is appropriate. However, there can be no assurance that this matter will be resolved in the Company favor. Regardless of whether this matter is resolved in the Company favor, the final resolution of this matter could be expensive and time-consuming to defend and/or settle. While the Company believes it has provided adequately for this matter, there is still a possibility that an adverse outcome of the matter could have a material effect on its results of operations and financial condition. The Company has not reached a final resolution with the IRS on an adjustment the IRS proposed for the 1999 and 2000 tax years. The Company is a
lso under routine examination by certain state and non-U.S.tax authorities. The Company believes that it has adequately provided for any reasonably foreseeable outcome related to these audits. Note 16.       Joint VentureIn 2009, the Company entered into an agreement to form a joint venture to provide a combined carrier Ethernet-based solution with NSN. At inception, the Company contributed $66 million for a 60 percent interest in the joint venture. Both NSN and Juniper Networks are entitled to appoint two board members to the board of the joint venture. The board will consist of four board members at all times.Given the Company majority ownership interest in the joint venture, the venture financial results have been consolidated with the accounts of the Company, and a noncontrolling interest has been recorded to reflect the noncontrolling investor interest in the venture 
results. All intercompany transactions have been eliminated, with the exception of the noncontrolling interest. 99Table of ContentsJuniper Networks, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Continued Note 17. Selected Quarterly Financial Data UnauditedThe table below sets forth selected unaudited financial data for each quarter of the two years ended December31, 2010 in millions, except per share amounts: Year Ended December31, 2010First QuarterSecond QuarterThird QuarterFourth QuarterNet revenues:Product$7212$
net  of  cost of  margin612065996778792.
0Operating expenses tr>Research and  and  and  of purchased   charges051543Total operating  income1603185019552268
p;Interest and other income expense, net14080206Loss on equity investments3254Income before income taxes and noncontrolling  tax benefit  net income16461303 font>13431901Adjust for net income loss attributable to noncontrolling interest15020201Net income attributable to Juniper  income per share attributable to Juniper Networks common stockholders:Basic$031$025
of ContentsJuniper Networks, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Continued Year Ended December31, 2009First QuarterSecond QuarterThird QuarterFourth QuarterNet 
/font>Total net revenues7641 font>786482399415Cost of revenues:
p;Cost of revenues-  of revenues - Service688724743755Total cost of  margin50235064&
nbsp;54336312Operating expenses:Research and  and  and 
sp;Amortization of purchased  settlement charges
101813Restructuring charges42754532Total operating expenses4211
4107 td>41536254Operating  and other income, net20291703Gain on equity  before income taxes and noncontrolling  tax provision benefit859 td>822
p;459172Consolidated net loss income44148838211Adjust for net loss
attributable to noncontrolling interest18Net loss income attributable to Juniper  loss income per share attributable to Juniper Networks common  18.Subsequent EventStock Repurchases Subsequent to December31, 2010, through the filing of this report, the Company repurchased 48 million shares of its common stock, for $2003 million at an average purchase price of $4214 per share, under its 2010 Stock Repurchase Program. As of the filing of this Annual Report on Form10-K, the Company 2010 Stock Repurchase Program had remaining authorized funds of $5548 million. Purchases under the Company 2010 Stock Repurchase Program are subject to a review of the circumstances in place at the time and will be made from time to time as permitted by securities laws and other legal requirements. This program may be discontinued at any time101Table of ContentsItem 1. Business3Item! 1A. Risk Factors15Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments25Item 2. Properties25Item 3. Legal Proceedings25Item! 4. Removed and Reserved25PARTIIItem 5.Controls and ProceduresaManagement Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting:Please see Management Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting under Item8 on page57 of this Form10-K, which report is incorporated herein by reference.bFor the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, please see the report under Item8 on page56 of this Form10-K, which report is incorporated herein by reference. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Attached as exhibits to this report are certifications of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, which are required in accordance with Rule13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended the Exchange Act. This Controls and Procedures section includes information concerning the controls and related evaluations referred to in the certifications, and it should be read in conjunction with the certifications for a more complete understanding of the topics presented. We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules13a-15e and 15d-15e under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered in this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported wit
hin the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Changes in Internal Controls There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2010 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls Our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system objectives will be met. Our controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that our control system objective will be met and our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective at the reasonable assurance level. The design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their
costs. Further, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events. Projections of any evaluation of controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. 