Item 8. Financial Statements And Supplementary Data  DVDs consolidated financial statements and the Independent Auditors Report included in this report are shown on the Index to Consolidated
Financial Statements on page 29.  Item 9. Changes In And
Disagreements With Accountants On Accounting And Financial Disclosure  None.  Item 9A. Controls and
Procedures  a Disclosure Controls
and Procedures.  As required by Rule 13a-15 under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Exchange Act, the Company carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of the Companys management, including the Companys Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Companys disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon their evaluation, the Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Companys disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that material information relating to the Company required to be disclosed by us in reports we file or submit under the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, the Companys management
recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurances of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in designing and
evaluating the controls and procedures. The Company currently is in the process of further reviewing and documenting its disclosure controls and procedures, and its internal control over financial reporting, and may from time to time make changes
aimed at enhancing their effectiveness and to ensure that our systems evolve with our business.  b Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting.  There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2003 that
have materially affected, or that are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal controls over financial reporting. 
23 Table of Contents
Part III 
