Item8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
Page
Internet Security
Systems,Inc.
Report of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm Regarding Financial Statements
40
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of
December31, 2005 and 2004
41
Consolidated Statements of
Operations for the Years Ended December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003
42
Consolidated Statements of
Stockholders Equity and Comprehensive Income for the Years
EndedDecember31, 2005, 2004 and 2003
43
Consolidated Statements of
Cash Flows for the Years Ended December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003
44
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
45
Consolidated Financial
Statement Schedules
ScheduleIIValuation and
Qualifying Accounts
64
Schedules other than the one listed above are omitted
as the required information is inapplicable or the information is presented in
the consolidated financial statements or related notes. 34 Item 1.
Business
3
Item 1A.
Risk Factors
8
Item 1B.
Unresolved
Staff Comments
16
Item 2.
Properties
16
Item 3.
Legal
Proceedings
16
Item 4.
Submission
of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
17
PARTII
Item 5. 
Controls and Procedures
Disclosure Controls and Procedures
ISS management, with the participation of the Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of
our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules13a-15eand
15d-15eunder the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as of December31,
2005. No system of controls, no matter how well designed and operated, can
provide absolute assurance that the objectives of the system of controls are
met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that the
system of controls has operated effectively in all cases. Our disclosure
controls and procedures however are designed to provide reasonable assurance
that the objectives of disclosure controls and procedures are met.
Based on such evaluation,
these officers have concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls
and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information
required to be disclosed in the reports the Company files or submits under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
on a timely basis.
Management
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
The management of ISS is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such
term is defined in Rules13a-15fand 15d-15fpromulgated
under Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. ISS internal control system
was designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
Internal control systems, no matter how well designed,
have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be
effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial
statement preparation and presentation, and may not prevent or detect
misstatements. In addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to
future periods are subject to risks that controls may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions, individuals make errors in judgment, or individuals
do not comply with policies or procedures.
ISS management assessed the effectiveness of the
companys internal control over financial reporting as of December31,
2005. In making this assessment, it used the criteria set forth by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework. Based on this assessment, ISS management
determined that as of December31, 2005, ISS maintained effective internal
control over financial reporting.
ISS independent
registered public accounting firm, Ernst Young LLP, has issued an
audit report on our assessment of the companys internal control over financial
reporting, which is included on the following page.
Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
There have not been any
changes in ISS internal control over financial reporting during the quarter
ended December31, 2005 that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, suchcontrols. 35 REPORT OF
INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
The Board of Directors and Stockholders
Internet Security Systems,Inc.
We have audited managements assessment, included in
the accompanying Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting, that Internet Security Systems,Inc. maintained effective
internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2005, based
on criteria established in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission the COSO
criteria. Internet Security Systems,Inc.s management is responsible for
maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its
assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on managements assessment and an
opinion on the effectiveness of the companys internal control over financial
reporting based on our audit.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was
maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting, evaluating
managements assessment, testing and evaluating the design and operating
effectiveness of internal control, and performing such other procedures as we
considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a
reasonable basis for our opinion.
A companys internal control over financial reporting
is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A companys
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and
procedures that 1pertain to the maintenance of records that, in
reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
dispositions of the assets of the company; 2provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made
only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the
company; and 3provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or
timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
companys assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control
over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to
the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
In our opinion, managements assessment that Internet
Security Systems,Inc. maintained effective internal control over
financial reporting as of December31, 2005, is fairly stated, in all
material respects, based on the COSO criteria. Also, in our opinion, Internet
Security Systems,Inc. maintained, in all material respects, effective
internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2005, based
on the COSO criteria. 36 We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board United States, the consolidated balance sheets of
Internet Security Systems,Inc. as of December31, 2005 and 2004, and
the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity and
comprehensive income, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended December31, 2005 of Internet Security Systems,Inc. and our
report dated March 6, 2006 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
/s/ ERNST YOUNG LLP
Atlanta, Georgia
March 6, 2006
Item 1.
Business
3
Item 1A.
Risk Factors
8
Item 1B.
Unresolved
Staff Comments
16
Item 2.
Properties
16
Item 3.
Legal
Proceedings
16
Item 4.
Submission
of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
17
PARTII
Item 5. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant
Directors
and Executive Officers
See the Proxy Statement
for the Companys 2006 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, under the headings
ProposalOne: Election of Directors, Executive Officers, and
Section16aBeneficial Reporting Compliance, which information is
incorporated herein by reference.
Code
of Conduct and Code of Ethics for Financial Professionals
The Company has adopted a
Code of Conduct and a Code of Ethics for Financial Professionals which apply to
its Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Principal Accounting
Officer. These documents are available on the Investor RelationsCorporate
Governance portion of our website at www.iss.net\Company. Any waiver or
amendment to such Codes for the benefit of such officers will also be posted to
such website.
