ITEM8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. The financial statements listed in a1 of this Form 10-K are incorporated herein by reference to the corresponding sections of the Companys Annual Report to Shareholders for
the fiscal year ended June30, 2007. The financial statement schedule listed in a2 of this Form 10-K and related Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are included in this report on pages F-1 and F-2.
Item1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments. Not applicable.  Item2.
Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Controls and Procedures The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in
the SECs rules and forms. The Companys Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO evaluated, with the participation of management, the effectiveness of the Companys disclosure controls
and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report as required by Rule 13a-15 or 15d-15 of the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, which included the findings and recommendations of the Special Committees investigation and the restatement described herein, our CEO and CFO concluded that disclosure controls and procedures were effective
at a reasonable assurance level on June30, 2007, the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on form 10-K. Limitations on
the Effectiveness of Controls The Company maintains a system of internal accounting controls to provide reasonable
assurance that assets are safeguarded and that transactions are executed in accordance with managements authorization and recorded properly to permit the preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States. However, the Companys management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that the Companys disclosure controls or internal controls will prevent all errors and
all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there
are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and
instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty. Breakdowns in the control systems can occur because of a simple error or mistake.
Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by 
12  
management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future
events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the
policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Managements Report Our management is responsible for
establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15f. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework set forth in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Managements report and the report of the Companys independent registered public accounting firm on internal control over financial reporting are incorporated by reference to the Companys
Annual Report to Shareholders for the fiscal year ended June30, 2007, which is attached as Exhibit 131 hereto. Changes in
Internal Control over Financial Reporting As previously reported in the Companys amended Annual Report on Form
10-K/A for the fiscal year ended June30, 2006, filed with the SEC on June18, 2007, our management concluded that there was a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting on June30, 2006, with regard to our
accounting for, and disclosure of, share-based compensation and related payroll taxes. Specifically, we lacked adequate controls to ensure that all actions necessary for the grant of stock options had been completed as of the stated grant date.
In addition to the corrective actions disclosed in our Form 10-K/A for the year ended June30, 2006, and in our
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended September30, 2006,December31, 2006, and March31, 2007, each of which was filed on June18, 2007, management has initiated or completed the following additional
corrective actions during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2007:  Obtained Board approval of the Equity Award Grant Policy, which establishes formal policies and procedures related to the issuance and accounting for share-based
awards. The objective of this policy is to ensure that all share-based awards are documented and accounted for in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Many of these changes were implemented during the fourth quarter of
fiscal year 2007.  Engaged an independent third-party specializing in stock option administration to provide administrative services for the Companys stock option plans.
Prior to engaging this third party, management determined that the internal controls in place at the service provider were effectively designed and operating effectively to ensure the objectives of the Equity Award Grant Policy could be achieved.
Other than the corrective actions noted above, there has been no change in our internal control over
financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2007 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  ITEM9B.
Other Information. Not applicable. PART III Information called for by Part III Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 of this report on Form 10-K has been omitted as the Company intends to file with the SEC not later than 120 days after the close of its fiscal year
ended June30, 2007, a definitive Proxy Statement relating to the 2007 Annual Meeting of Shareholders pursuant to Regulation 14A promulgated under the Exchange Act. Such information will be set forth in such Proxy Statement and is incorporated
herein by reference. 
13 