ITEM 8.FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATAREPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRMTo the Board of Directors and Shareholders ofONEOK, Inc.:In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders equity and cash flows present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of ONEOK, Inc. and its subsidiaries the Companyat December 31, 2015 and 2014, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2015,in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework 2013issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO. The Companys management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Managements Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on these financial statements and on the Companys internal control over financial reporting based on our integrated audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.A companys internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A companys internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that ipertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; iiprovide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and iiiprovide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the companys assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate./s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLPTulsa, OklahomaFebruary 23, 201681Table of contentsONEOK, Inc. and SubsidiariesCONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOMEYears Ended December 31,201520142013Thousands of dollars, except per share amountsRevenuesCommodity   of sales and fuel exclusive of items shown separately  and  and  of long-lived assets Note F83,673General taxes87,58375,74462,421Gain loss on sale of   in net earnings from investments Note  of equity investments Note P180,58376,412Allowance for equity funds used during  income3685,59818,158Other  expense net of capitalized interest of $36,572, $54,813 and $56,506,  before income  taxes Note  from continuing  loss from discontinued operations, net of tax Note B6,0815,60712,129Net  Net income attributable to noncontrolling  income attributable to  attributable to ONEOK:Income from continuing  loss from discontinued   earnings per share:Income from continuing operations Note L$119$153$135Income loss from discontinued  income$117$150$129Diluted earnings per share:Income from continuing operations Note L$119$152$133Income loss from discontinued  income$116$149$127Average shares  declared per share of common stock$243$2125$148See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements82Table of contentsONEOK, Inc. and SubsidiariesCONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOMEYears Ended December 31,201520142013Thousands of dollarsNet  comprehensive income loss, net of taxUnrealized gains losses on energy marketing and risk-management assets/liabilities, net of tax of $5,845, $10,029 and $5,574,  gains losses in net income, net of tax of $8,815, $14,098 and $1,905,  holding gains losses on available-for-sale securities, net of tax of $648, $106 and $112,  in pension and postretirement benefit plan liability, net of tax of $10,278, $15,781 and $52,436,  other comprehensive income loss, net of   Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling  income attributable to  accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements83Table of contentsONEOK, Inc. and SubsidiariesCONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETSDecember 31,December 31,20152014AssetsThousands of dollarsCurrent assetsCash and cash  receivable, net593,979745,494Materials and supplies76,69655,833Natural gas and natural gas liquids in  imbalances38,68164,788Other current assets39,946117,466Assets of discontinued operations Note B20516,717Total current  plant and equipmentProperty, plant and  depreciation and  property, plant and equipment Note  and other assetsInvestments in unconsolidated affiliates Note P948,2211,132,653Goodwill and intangible assets Note G1,017,2581,014,740Other assets112,598124,679Assets of discontinued operations Note B18,83520,020Total investments and other assets2,096,9122,292,092Total  accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements84Table of contentsONEOK, Inc. and SubsidiariesCONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETSDecember 31,December 31,20152014Liabilities and equityThousands of dollarsCurrent liabilitiesCurrent maturities of long-term debt Note I$110,650$10,650Short-term borrowings Note H546,3401,055,296Accounts   interest129,043104,877Other current  of discontinued operations Note B29,23544,901Total current  debt, excluding current maturities Note I8,323,5827,150,142Deferred credits and other liabilitiesDeferred income taxes Note O1,436,7151,395,222Other deferred  of discontinued operations Note B16,96436,424Total deferred credits and other  and contingencies Note REquity Note JONEOK shareholders equity:Common stock, $001 par value:authorized 600,000,000 shares; issued 245,811,180 shares and outstanding209,731,028 shares at December 31, 2015; issued 245,811,180 shares andoutstanding 208,322,247 shares at December 31, 20142,4582,458Paid-in  other comprehensive loss Note K127,242136,353Retained earnings138,128Treasury stock, at cost: 36,080,152 shares at December 31, 2015 and37,488,933 shares at December 31, 2014917,862953,701Total ONEOK shareholders  interests in consolidated  equity3,766,3364,005,883Total liabilities and  accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements85Table of contentsThis page intentionally left blank86Table of contentsONEOK, Inc. and SubsidiariesCONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWSYears Ended December 31,201520142013Thousands of dollarsOperating activitiesNet  to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:Depreciation and  charges264,25676,412Charges attributable to exit activities1,739138,559Equity in net earnings from  received from unconsolidated  income  compensation  and postretirement benefit expense, net of  for equity funds used during  on sale of  in assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions:Accounts  gas and natural gas liquids in   imbalances,  of exit activities   marketing and risk-management assets and  assets and liabilities, net56,10720,84853,491Cash provided by operating  activitiesCapital expenditures less allowance for equity funds used during  paid for acquisitions, net of cash  to unconsolidated  received from unconsolidated  from sale of  used in investing  activitiesBorrowing repayment of short-term borrowings,  of ONE Gas debt, net of discounts1,199,994Issuance of long-term debt, net of  Gas long-term debt financing costs9,663Debt financing  of long-term  of common  of common units, net of issuance   of ONE Gas at  to noncontrolling  tax benefit from share-based awards10,312Cash provided by financing  in cash and cash  in cash and cash equivalents included in discontinued  in cash and cash equivalents from continuing  and cash equivalents at beginning of  and cash equivalents at end of  cash flow information:Cash paid for interest, net of amounts  paid refunds received for income  accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements87Table of contentsONEOK, Inc. and SubsidiariesCONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITYONEOK Shareholders  LossSharesThousands of dollarsJanuary 1,  incomeOther comprehensive income loss94,811Common stock issued16,549Common stock dividends -$148 per share Note JIssuance of common units of ONEOK Partners Note Q87,295Distributions to noncontrolling interestsOther38,156December 31,  incomeOther comprehensive income loss Note K17,755Common stock issued18,307Common stock dividends -$2125 per share Note JIssuance of common units of ONEOK Partners Note Q156,143Distribution of ONE Gas to shareholders Note B3,389Distributions to noncontrolling interestsWest Texas LPG noncontrolling interest Note COther29,853December 31,  incomeOther comprehensive income loss Note K9,111Common stock issued7,550Common stock dividends -$243 per share Note J126,090Issuance of common units of ONEOK Partners Note Q34,446Distributions to noncontrolling interestsOther4,947December 31,  accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements88Table of contentsONEOK, Inc. and SubsidiariesCONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITYContinuedONEOK Shareholders   of dollarsJanuary 1,   comprehensive income loss21,673116,484Common stock issued42,73826,189Common stock dividends -$148 per share Note J304,742304,742Issuance of common units of ONEOK Partners Note Q446,529533,824Distributions to noncontrolling  31,   comprehensive income loss Note K22,40340,158Common stock issued43,33425,027Common stock dividends -$2125 per share Note J443,817443,817Issuance of common units of ONEOK Partners Note  of ONE Gas to shareholders Note  to noncontrolling  Texas LPG noncontrolling interest Note  31,   comprehensive income loss Note K9,629518Common stock issued35,83928,289Common stock dividends -$243 per share Note J383,107509,197Issuance of common units of ONEOK Partners Note Q428,443393,997Distributions to noncontrolling  31,  of contentsONEOK, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSA.SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIESOrganization and Nature of Operations - We are the sole general partner and owned 412 percentof ONEOK Partners, L.P. NYSE: OKS, one of the largest publicly traded master limited partnerships, at December31, 2015. We are a corporation incorporated under the laws of the state of Oklahoma, and our common stock is listed on the NYSE under the trading symbol OKE.ONEOK Partners is a publicly traded master limited partnership involved in the gathering, processing, storage and transportation of natural gas in the United States. In addition, ONEOK Partners owns one of the nations premier natural gas liquids systems, connecting NGL supply in the Mid-Continent, Permian and Rocky Mountain regions with key market centers.The Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment gathers and processes natural gas in the Mid-Continent region, which includes the NGL-rich Cana-Woodford Shale, Woodford Shale, Springer Shale, Stack, SCOOP areas of Oklahoma, the Mississippian Lime formation of Oklahoma and Kansas, and the Hugoton and Central Kansas Uplift Basins of Kansas. ONEOK Partners also gathers and/or processes natural gas in two producing basins in the Rocky Mountain region: the Williston Basin, which spans portions of Montana and North Dakota and includes the oil-producing, NGL-rich Bakken Shale and Three Forks formations; and the Powder River Basin of Wyoming, which includes the NGL-rich Frontier, Turner, Sussex and Niobrara Shale formations. The natural gas ONEOK Partners gathers from wells that supply its Sage Creek plant contains NGL-rich natural gas from the Niobrara Shale area of the Powder River Basin. The Natural Gas Liquids segment consists of facilities that gather, fractionate and treat NGLs and store NGL products primarily in Oklahoma, Kansas, Texas, New Mexico and the Rocky Mountain region where it provides nondiscretionary services to producers of NGLs. The natural gas liquids business owns or has an ownership interest in FERC-regulated natural gas liquids gathering and distribution pipelines in Oklahoma, Kansas, Texas, New Mexico, Montana, North Dakota, Wyoming and Colorado, and terminal and storage facilities in Missouri, Nebraska, Iowa and Illinois. It also owns FERC-regulated natural gas liquids distribution and refined petroleum products pipelines in Kansas, Missouri, Nebraska, Iowa, Illinois and Indiana that connect its Mid-Continent assets with Midwest markets, including Chicago, Illinois. ONEOK Partners natural gas liquids business also owns and operates truck- and rail-loading and -unloading facilities that interconnect with its NGL fractionation and pipeline assets.The Natural Gas Pipeline segment operates interstate and intrastate natural gas transmission pipelines and natural gas storage facilities. ONEOK Partners FERC-regulated interstate natural gas pipeline assets transport natural gas through pipelines in North Dakota, Minnesota, Wisconsin, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Tennessee, Oklahoma, Texas and New Mexico. ONEOK Partners intrastate natural gas pipeline assets in Oklahoma transport natural gas throughout the state and have access to the major natural gas producing formations, including the Cana-Woodford Shale, Woodford Shale, Springer Shale, Granite Wash, Stack, SCOOP and Mississippian Lime areas. During 2015, ONEOK Partners entered into a 50-50 joint venture, Roadrunner, which will transport natural gas from the Permian Basin in West Texas to the Mexican border near El Paso, Texas. The Roadrunner pipeline is currently under construction, with Phase I expected to be completed in the first quarter 2016. ONEOK Partners owns underground natural gas storage facilities in Oklahoma and Texas, which are connected to its intrastate natural gas pipeline assets, as well as underground natural gas storage facilities in Kansas. On January 31, 2014, we completed the separation of our former natural gas distribution business into a stand-alone publicly traded company, ONE Gas. In addition, we completed the wind down of our former energy services business on March 31, 2014. Following the separation of the natural gas distribution business and the wind down of our energy services business, our primary source of income and cash flows is generated from our investment in ONEOK Partners. See Note Bfor additional discussion of the separation of the natural gas distribution business and the wind down of the energy services business. For all periods presented, the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes reflect the results of operations and financial position of our former natural gas distribution and energy services businesses as discontinued operations. Unless indicated otherwise, the information in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements relates to our continuing operations. Consolidation- Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of ONEOK and our subsidiaries over which we have control or are the primary beneficiary. We have recorded noncontrolling interests in consolidated subsidiaries on our Consolidated Balance Sheets to recognize the portion of ONEOK Partners that we do not own. We reflected our ownership interest in ONEOK Partners accumulated other comprehensive income loss in our consolidated accumulated other 90Table of contentscomprehensive income loss. The remaining portion is reflected as an adjustment to noncontrolling interests in consolidated subsidiaries. ONEOK Partners provides natural gas sales and transportation and storage services to our former natural gas distribution business. Prior to the completion of the energy services wind down, ONEOK Partners provided natural gas sales and transportation and storage services to our former energy services business. While these transactions were eliminated in consolidation in previous periods, they are reflected now as affiliate transactions and not eliminated in consolidation for all periods presented as these transactions have continued with third parties. See Note Bfor additional information. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.Investments in unconsolidated affiliates are accounted for using the equity method if we have the ability to exercise significant influence over operating and financial policies of our investee. Under this method, an investment is carried at its acquisition cost and adjusted each period for contributions made, distributions received and our share of the investees comprehensive income. For the investments we account for under the equity method, the premium or excess cost over underlying fair value of net assets is referred to as equity-method goodwill. Impairment of equity investments is recorded when the impairments are other than temporary. These amounts are recorded as investments in unconsolidated affiliates on our accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. See Note Pfor disclosures of our unconsolidated affiliates.Distributions paid to us from our unconsolidated affiliates are classified as operating activities on our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows until the cumulative distributions exceed our proportionate share of income from the unconsolidated affiliate since the date of our initial investment. The amount of cumulative distributions paid to us that exceeds our cumulative proportionate share of income in each period represents a return of investment and is classified as an investing activity on our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.Use of Estimates- The preparation of our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures in accordance with GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions with respect to values or conditions that cannot be known with certainty that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements. These estimates and assumptions also affect the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Items that may be estimated include, but are not limited to, the economic useful life of assets, fair value of assets, liabilities and equity-method investments, obligations under employee benefit plans, provisions for uncollectible accounts receivable, unbilled revenues and cost of goods sold, expenses for services received but for which no invoice has been received, provision for income taxes, including any deferred tax valuation allowances, the results of litigation and various other recorded or disclosed amounts. We evaluate these estimates on an ongoing basis using historical experience, consultation with experts and other methods we consider reasonable based on the particular circumstances. Nevertheless, actual results may differ significantly from the estimates. Any effects on our financial position or results of operations from revisions to these estimates are recorded in the period when the facts that give rise to the revision become known. Fair Value Measurements-We define fair value as the price that would be received from the sale of an asset or the transfer of a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. We use market and income approaches to determine the fair value of our assets and liabilities and consider the markets in which the transactions are executed. We measure the fair value of a group of financial assets and liabilities consistent with how a market participant would price the net risk exposure at the measurement date. While many of the contracts in ONEOK Partners portfolio are executed in liquid markets where price transparency exists, some contracts are executed in markets for which market prices may exist, but the market may be relatively inactive. This results in limited price transparency that requires managements judgment and assumptions to estimate fair values. For certain transactions, we utilize modeling techniques using NYMEX-settled pricing data and implied forward LIBOR curves. Inputs into our fair value estimates include commodity-exchange prices, over-the-counter quotes, historical correlations of pricing data, data obtained from third-party pricing services and LIBOR and other liquid money-market instrument rates. We validate our valuation inputs with third-party information and settlement prices from other sources, where available.In addition, as prescribed by the income approach, we compute the fair value of our and ONEOK Partners derivative portfolio by discounting the projected future cash flows from our and ONEOK Partners derivative assets and liabilities to present value using interest-rate yields to calculate present-value discount factors derived from LIBOR, Eurodollar futures and interest-rate swaps. We also take into consideration the potential impact on market prices of liquidating positions in an orderly manner over a reasonable period of time under current market conditions. We consider current market data in evaluating counterparties, as 91Table of contentswell as our own, nonperformance risk, net of collateral, by using specific and sector bond yields and monitoring the credit default swap markets. Although we use our best estimates to determine the fair value of the derivative contracts we and ONEOK Partners have executed, the ultimate market prices realized could differ from our estimates, and the differences could be material.The fair value of our forward-starting interest-rate swaps are determined using financial models that incorporate the implied forward LIBOR yield curve for the same period as the future interest swap settlements.Fair Value Hierarchy- At each balance sheet date, we utilize a fair value hierarchy to classify fair value amounts recognized or disclosed in our financial statements based on the observability of inputs used to estimate such fair value. The levels of the hierarchy are described below:Level 1 - fair value measurements are based on unadjusted quoted prices for identical securities in active markets including NYMEX-settled prices. These balances are comprised predominantly of exchange-traded derivative contracts for natural gas and crude oil.Level 2 - fair value measurements are based on significant observable pricing inputs, such as NYMEX-settled prices for natural gas and crude oil and financial models that utilize implied forward LIBOR yield curves for interest-rate swaps. Level 3 - fair value measurements are based on inputs that may include one or more unobservable inputs, including internally developed natural gas basis and NGL price curves that incorporate observable and unobservable market data from broker quotes, third-party pricing services, market volatilities derived from the most recent NYMEX close spot prices and forward LIBOR curves, and adjustments for the credit risk of our counterparties. We corroborate the data on which our fair value estimates are based using our market knowledge of recent transactions, analysis of historical correlations and validation with independent broker quotes. These balances categorized as Level 3 are comprised of derivatives for natural gas and NGLs. We do not believe that our Level 3 fair value estimates have a material impact on our results of operations, as the majority of our derivatives are accounted for as hedges for which ineffectiveness has not been material.Determining the appropriate classification of our fair value measurements within the fair value hierarchy requires managements judgment regarding the degree to which market data is observable or corroborated by observable market data. We categorize derivatives for which fair value is determined using multiple inputs within a single level, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety.See Note Dfor discussion of our fair value measurements.Cash and Cash Equivalents- Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments, which are readily convertible into cash and have original maturities of three months or less.Revenue Recognition - Our reportable segments recognize revenue when services are rendered or product is delivered. The Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment records revenues when natural gas is processed in or transported through ONEOK Partners facilities. The Natural Gas Liquids segment records revenues based upon contracted services and actual volumes exchanged or stored under service agreements in the period services are provided. A portion of revenues for the Natural Gas Pipelines segment and the Natural Gas Liquids segment are recognized based upon contracted capacity and contracted volumes transported and stored under service agreements in the period services are provided. We disaggregate revenue on the Consolidated Statements of Income as follows:Commodity sales- Commodity sales represent the sale of NGLs, condensate and residue natural gas. The commodities are primarily obtained as compensation for or related to providing services. Commodity sales are recognized upon delivery or title transfer to the customer, when revenue recognition criteria are met.Service revenue - Service revenue represents the fees generated from the performance of our services listed above.ONEOK Partners enters into a variety of contract types that provide commodity sales and service revenue. ONEOK Partners provides services primarily under the following types of contracts:Fee based - Under fee-based arrangements, ONEOK Partners receives a fee or fees for one or more of the following services: gathering, compression, processing, transmission and storage of natural gas; and gathering, transportation, fractionation, exchange and storage of NGLs. The revenue ONEOK Partners earns from these arrangements generally is directly related to the volume of natural gas and NGLs that flow through ONEOK Partners systems and facilities, and is not normally directly dependent on commodity prices. However, to the extent a sustained decline in commodity prices results in a decline in volumes, ONEOK Partners revenues from these arrangements would be reduced. In 92Table of contentsaddition, many of ONEOK Partners arrangements provide for fixed fee, minimum volume or firm demand charges. Fee-based arrangements are reported as service revenue on the Consolidated Statements of Income.Percent-of-proceeds - Under POP arrangements in the Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment, ONEOK Partners gathers and processes natural gas on behalf of producers; sells the resulting residue natural gas, condensate and NGLs at market prices; and remits to producers an agreed-upon percentage of the net proceeds resulting from the sale. The agreed-upon percentage remitted to the producer is reported as cost of saleson the Consolidated Statements of Income. In other cases, instead of remitting cash payments to the producer, ONEOK Partners delivers an agreed-upon percentage of the commodities to the producer take-in-kind agreements and sells the volumes ONEOK Partners retains to third parties. Typically, ONEOK Partners POP arrangements also include a fee-based component.In many cases, ONEOK Partners provides services under contracts that contain a combination of the arrangements described above. When fees are charged in addition to commodities received under POP with fee contracts, ONEOK Partners records such fees as service revenue on the Consolidated Statements of Income. The terms of ONEOK Partners contracts vary based on natural gas quality conditions, the competitive environment when the contracts are signed and customer requirements.Cost of Sales and Fuel- Cost of sales and fuel primarily includes i the cost of purchased commodities, including NGLs, natural gas and condensate, ii fees incurred for third-party transportation, fractionation and storage of commodities, and iii fuel and power costs incurred to operate ONEOK Partners facilities that gather, process, transport and store commodities.Operations and Maintenance- Operations and maintenance primarily includes i payroll and benefit costs, ii third-party costs for operations, maintenance and integrity management, regulatory compliance and environmental and safety, and iii other business related service costs.Accounts Receivable- Accounts receivable represent valid claims against nonaffiliated customers for products sold or services rendered, net of allowances for doubtful accounts. We assess the creditworthiness of our counterparties on an ongoing basis and require security, including prepayments and other forms of collateral, when appropriate. Outstanding customer receivables are reviewed regularly for possible nonpayment indicators and allowances for doubtful accounts are recorded based upon managements estimate of collectability at each balance sheet date. At December 31, 2015 and 2014, the allowance for doubtful accounts was not material.Inventory- The values of current natural gas and NGLs in storage are determined using the lower of weighted-average cost or market method. Noncurrent natural gas and NGLs are classified as property and valued at cost. Materials and supplies are valued at average cost.Commodity Imbalances-Commodity imbalances represent amounts payable or receivable for NGL exchange contracts and natural gas pipeline imbalances and are valued at market prices. Under the majority of ONEOK Partners NGL exchange agreements, it physically receive volumes of unfractionated NGLs, including the risk of loss and legal title to such volumes, from the exchange counterparty. In turn, ONEOK Partners delivers NGL products back to the customer and charges them gathering and fractionation fees. To the extent that the volumes ONEOK Partners receives under such agreements differ from those it delivers, we record a net exchange receivable or payable position with the counterparties. These net exchange receivables and payables are settled with movements of NGL products rather than with cash. Natural gas pipeline imbalances are settled in cash or in-kind, subject to the terms of the pipelines tariffs or by agreement.Derivatives and Risk Management - We and ONEOK Partners utilize derivatives to reduce our market-risk exposure to commodity price and interest-rate fluctuations and to achieve more predictable cash flows. We and ONEOK Partners record all derivative instruments at fair value, with the exception of normal purchases and normal sales transactions that are expected to result in physical delivery. Commodity price and interest-rate volatility may have a significant impact on the fair value of derivative instruments as of a given date93Table of contentsThe accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative instrument depends on whether it has been designated and qualifies as part of a hedging relationship and, if so, the reason for holding it. The table below summarizes the various ways in which we account for our derivative instruments and the impact on our consolidated financial statements:Recognition and MeasurementAccounting TreatmentBalance SheetIncome StatementNormal purchases andnormal sales-Fair value not recorded-Change in fair value not recognized in  at fair value-Change in fair value recognized in earningsCash flow hedge-Recorded at fair value-Ineffective portion of the gain or loss on thederivative instrument is recognized in earnings-Effective portion of the gain or loss on thederivative instrument is reported initially as acomponent of accumulated othercomprehensive income loss-Effective portion of the gain or loss on thederivative instrument is reclassified out ofaccumulated other comprehensive income lossinto earnings when the forecasted transactionaffects earningsFair value hedge-Recorded at fair value-The gain or loss on the derivative instrument isrecognized in earnings-Change in fair value of the hedged item isrecorded as an adjustment to book value-Change in fair value of the hedged item isrecognized in earningsTo reduce its exposure to fluctuations in natural gas, NGLs and condensate prices, ONEOK Partners periodically enters into futures, forward purchases and sales, options or swap transactions in order to hedge anticipated purchases and sales of natural gas, NGLs and condensate. Interest-rate swaps are used from time to time to manage interest-rate risk. Under certain conditions, we designate these derivative instruments as a hedge of exposure to changes in fair values or cash flows. We formally document all relationships between hedging instruments and hedged items, as well as risk-management objectives and strategies for undertaking various hedge transactions, and methods for assessing and testing correlation and hedge ineffectiveness. We specifically identify the forecasted transaction that has been designated as the hedged item in a cash flow hedge relationship. We assess the effectiveness of hedging relationships quarterly by performing an effectiveness analysis on our fair value and cash flow hedging relationships to determine whether the hedge relationships are highly effective on a retrospective and prospective basis. ONEOK Partners also documents its normal purchases and normal sales transactions that are expected to result in physical delivery and that ONEOK Partners elects to exempt from derivative accounting treatment.The realized revenues and purchase costs of our and ONEOK Partners derivative instruments not considered held for trading purposes and derivatives that qualify as normal purchases or normal sales that are expected to result in physical delivery are reported on a gross basis. Cash flows from futures, forwards and swaps that are accounted for as hedges are included in the same Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows category as the cash flows from the related hedged items.See Notes Dand Efor more discussion of our fair value measurements and risk-management and hedging activities using derivatives.Property, Plant and Equipment- Our properties are stated at cost, including AFUDC. Generally, the cost of regulated property retired or sold, plus removal costs, less salvage, is charged to accumulated depreciation. Gains and losses from sales or transfers of nonregulated properties or an entire operating unit or system of our regulated properties are recognized in income. Maintenance and repairs are charged directly to expense. The interest portion of AFUDC represents the cost of borrowed funds used to finance construction activities. We capitalize interest costs during the construction or upgrade of qualifying assets. Capitalized interest is recorded as a reduction to interest expense. The equity portion of AFUDC represents the capitalization of the estimated average cost of equity used during the construction of major projects and is recorded in the cost of our regulated properties and as a credit to the allowance for equity funds used during construction. Our properties are depreciated using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives. Generally, we apply composite depreciation rates to functional groups of property having similar economic circumstances. We periodically conduct depreciation studies to assess the economic lives of our assets. For ONEOK Partners regulated assets, these depreciation studies are completed as a part of our rate proceedings or tariff filings, and the changes in economic lives, if applicable, are implemented prospectively when the new rates are billed. For our nonregulated assets, if it is determined that the estimated economic life changes, the changes are made prospectively. Changes in the estimated economic lives of our property, plant and equipment could have a material effect on our financial position or results of operations. 94Table of contentsProperty, plant and equipment on our Consolidated Balance Sheets includes construction work in process for capital projects that have not yet been placed in service and therefore are not being depreciated. Assets are transferred out of construction work in process when they are substantially complete and ready for their intended use. See Note Ffor disclosures of our property, plant and equipment.Impairment of Goodwill and Long-Lived Assets, Including Intangible Assets- We assess our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at least annually on July 1, unless events or changes in circumstances indicate an impairment may have occurred before that time. At July 1, 2015, due to the current commodity price environment, we elected to perform a quantitative assessment, or Step 1 analysis, to test our goodwill for impairment. The assessment included our commodity price assumptions, expected contractual terms, anticipated operating costs and volume estimates. Our goodwill impairment analysis performed as of July 1, 2015, did not result in an impairment charge nor did our analysis reflect any reporting units at risk. In each reporting unit, the fair value substantially exceeded the carrying value. At December 31, 2015, we performed a qualitative review given the decline in commodity prices, ONEOK Partners common unit price and our share price since our assessment as of July 1, 2015, and determined that no event has occurred indicating that the implied fair value of each of our reporting units is less than the carrying value of its net assets.As part of our impairment test, we may first assess qualitative factors including macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors and overall financial performance to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of each of our reporting units is less than its carrying amount. If further testing is necessary or a quantitative test is elected, we perform a two-step impairment test for goodwill. In the first step, an initial assessment is made by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its book value, including goodwill. If the fair value is less than the book value, an impairment is indicated, and we must perform a second test to measure the amount of the impairment. In the second test, we calculate the implied fair value of the goodwill by deducting the fair value of all tangible and intangible net assets of the reporting unit from the fair value determined in step one of the assessment. If the carrying value of the goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of the goodwill, we will record an impairment charge.To estimate the fair value of our reporting units, we use two generally accepted valuation approaches, an income approach and a market approach, using assumptions consistent with a market participants perspective. Under the income approach, we use anticipated cash flows over a period of years plus a terminal value and discount these amounts to their present value using appropriate discount rates. Under the market approach, we apply EBITDA multiples to forecasted EBITDA. The multiples used are consistent with historical asset transactions. The forecasted cash flows are based on average forecasted cash flows for a reporting unit over a period of years.As part of our indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment test, we first assess qualitative factors similar to those considered in the goodwill impairment test to determine whether it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset was impaired. If further testing is necessary, we compare the estimated fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible asset with its book value. The fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible asset is estimated using the market approach. Under the market approach, we apply multiples to forecasted cash flows of the assets associated with our indefinite-lived intangible asset. The multiples used are consistent with historical asset transactions. After assessing qualitative and quantitative factors, we determined that there were noimpairments to our indefinite-lived intangible asset in 2015. There were also noimpairment charges resulting from our 2014 and 2013 annual impairment tests.We assess our long-lived assets, including intangible assets with finite useful lives, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that an assets carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment is indicated if the carrying amount of a long-lived asset exceeds the sum of the undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset. If an impairment is indicated, we record an impairment loss equal to the difference between the carrying value and the fair value of the long-lived asset.For the investments we account for under the equity method, the impairment test considers whether the fair value of the equity investment as a whole, not the underlying net assets, has declined and whether that decline is other than temporary. Therefore, we periodically reevaluate the amount at which we carry our equity-method investments to determine whether current events or circumstances warrant adjustments to our carrying value.See Notes F, Gand Pfor our long-lived assets, goodwill and intangible assets and investments in unconsolidated affiliates disclosures95Table of contentsRegulation- ONEOK Partners intrastate natural gas transmission and natural gas liquids pipelines are subject to the rate regulation and accounting requirements of the OCC, KCC, RRC and various municipalities in Texas. ONEOK Partners interstate natural gas and natural gas liquids pipelines are subject to regulation by the FERC. In Kansas and Texas, natural gas storage may be regulated by the state and the FERC for certain types of services. Portions of the Natural Gas Liquids and Natural Gas Pipelines segments follow the accounting and reporting guidance for regulated operations. During the rate-making process for certain of ONEOK Partners assets, regulatory authorities set the framework for what ONEOK Partners can charge customers for its services and establish the manner that its costs are accounted for, including allowing ONEOK Partners to defer recognition of certain costs and permitting recovery of the amounts through rates over time, as opposed to expensing such costs as incurred. Certain examples of types of regulatory guidance include costs for fuel and losses, acquisition costs, contributions in aid of construction, charges for depreciation and gains or losses on disposition of assets. This allows ONEOK Partners to stabilize rates over time rather than passing such costs on to the customer for immediate recovery. Actions by regulatory authorities could have an effect on the amount recovered from rate payers. Any difference in the amount recoverable and the amount deferred is recorded as income or expense at the time of the regulatory action. A write-off of regulatory assets and costs not recovered may be required if all or a portion of the regulated operations have rates that are no longer:established by independent, third-party regulators;designed to recover the specific entitys costs of providing regulated services; andset at levels that will recover our costs when considering the demand and competition for our services.At December 31, 2015 and 2014, we recorded regulatory assets of approximately $58 millionand $61 million, respectively, which are currently being recovered and are expected to be recovered from ONEOK Partners customers. Regulatory assets are being recovered as a result of approved rate proceedings over varying time periods up to 40years. These assets are reflected in other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.Pension and Postretirement Employee Benefits- We have a defined benefit retirement plan covering certain full-time employees. We sponsor welfare plans that provide postretirement medical and life insurance benefits to certain employees who retire with at least fiveyears of service. The expense and liability related to these plans is calculated using statistical and other factors that attempt to anticipate future events. These factors include assumptions about the discount rate, expected return on plan assets, rate of future compensation increases, mortality and employment length. In determining the projected benefit obligations and costs, assumptions can change from period to period and may result in material changes in the costs and liabilities we recognize. See Note Nfor more discussion of pension and postretirement employee benefits.Income Taxes- Deferred income taxes are provided for the difference between the financial statement and income tax basis of assets and liabilities and carryforward items based on income tax laws and rates existing at the time the temporary differences are expected to reverse. Generally, the effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date of the rate change. For regulated companies, the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recorded as regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities in the period that includes the enactment date, if, as a result of an action by a regulator, it is probable that the effect of the change in tax rates will be recovered from or returned to customers through future rates.We utilize a more-likely-than-not recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position that is taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. We reflect penalties and interest as part of income tax expense as they become applicable for tax provisions that do not meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold and measurement attribute. During 2015, 2014 and 2013, our tax positions did not require an establishment of a material reserve.We utilize the with-and-without approach for intra-period tax allocation for purposes of allocating total tax expense or benefit for the year among the various financial statement components.We file numerous consolidated and separate income tax returns with federal tax authorities of the United States along with the tax authorities of several states. There are no United States federal audits or statute waivers at this time. See Note Ofor additional discussion of income taxes.Asset Retirement Obligations- Asset retirement obligations represent legal obligations associated with the retirement of long-lived assets that result from the acquisition, construction, development and/or normal use of the asset. Certain long-lived assets that comprise ONEOK Partners natural gas gathering and processing, natural gas liquids and pipeline facilities are subject to agreements or regulations that give rise to asset retirement obligations for removal or other disposition costs associated with retiring the assets in place upon the discontinued use of the assets. We recognize the fair value of a liability for an asset-retirement obligation in the period when it is incurred if a reasonable estimate of the fair value can be made. We are not able to 96Table of contentsestimate reasonably the fair value of the asset retirement obligations for portions of ONEOK Partners assets, primarily certain pipeline assets, because the settlement dates are indeterminable given the expected continued use of the assets with proper maintenance. We expect ONEOK Partners pipeline assets, for which we are unable to estimate reasonably the fair value of the asset retirement obligation, will continue in operation as long as supply and demand for natural gas and natural gas liquids exists. Based on the widespread use of natural gas for heating and cooking activities for residential users and electric-power generation for commercial users, as well as use of natural gas liquids by the petrochemical industry, we expect supply and demand to exist for the foreseeable future.For our assets that we are able to make an estimate, the fair value of the liability is added to the carrying amount of the associated asset, and this additional carrying amount is depreciated over the life of the asset. The liability is accreted at the end of each period through charges to operating expense. If the obligation is settled for an amount other than the carrying amount of the liability, we will recognize a gain or loss on settlement. The depreciation and accretion expense are immaterial to our consolidated financial statements.In accordance with long-standing regulatory treatment, ONEOK Partners collects, through rates, the estimated costs of removal on certain regulated properties through depreciation expense, with a corresponding credit to accumulated depreciation and amortization. These removal costs collected through rates include legal and nonlegal removal obligations; however, the amounts collected in excess of the asset-removal costs incurred are accounted for as a regulatory liability for financial reporting purposes. Historically, the regulatory authorities that have jurisdiction over our regulated operations have not required us to quantify this amount; rather, these costs are addressed prospectively in depreciation rates and are set in each general rate order. We have made an estimate of our regulatory liability using current rates since the last general rate order in each of our jurisdictions; however, for financial reporting purposes, significant uncertainty exists regarding the ultimate disposition of this regulatory liability, pending, among other issues, clarification of regulatory intent. We continue to monitor regulatory requirements, and the liability may be adjusted as more information is obtained.Contingencies- Our accounting for contingencies covers a variety of business activities, including contingencies for legal and environmental exposures. We accrue these contingencies when our assessments indicate that it is probable that a liability has been incurred or an asset will not be recovered and an amount can be estimated reasonably. We expense legal fees as incurred and base our legal liability estimates on currently available facts and our estimates of the ultimate outcome or resolution. Accruals for estimated losses from environmental remediation obligations generally are recognized no later than completion of a remediation feasibility study. Recoveries of environmental remediation costs from other parties are recorded as assets when their receipt is deemed probable. Our expenditures for environmental evaluation, mitigation, remediation and compliance to date have not been significant in relation to our financial position or results of operations, and our expenditures related to environmental matters had nomaterial effect on earnings or cash flows during 2015, 2014 and 2013. Actual results may differ from our estimates resulting in an impact, positive or negative, on earnings. See Note Rfor additional discussion of contingencies. Share-Based Payments- We expense the fair value of share-based payments net of estimated forfeitures. We estimate forfeiture rates based on historical forfeitures under our share-based payment plans.Earnings per Common Share- Basic EPS is calculated based on the daily weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is calculated based on the daily weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period plus potentially dilutive components. The dilutive components are calculated based on the dilutive effect for each quarter. For fiscal-year periods, the dilutive components for each quarter are averaged to arrive at the fiscal year-to-date dilutive component.Recently Issued Accounting Standards Update -In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17, Income Taxes Topic 740: Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes, which simplifies the presentation and requires that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in the balance sheet. This guidance is effective for public companies for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. Earlier application is permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. We elected to adopt this guidance beginning in the fourth quarter 2015. Prior periods were not retrospectively adjusted. The impact of adopting this guidance was not material. See Note Ofor additional disclosures.In March 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03, Interest - Imputation of Interest Subtopic 835-30: Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs, which requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-15, Interest - Imputation of Interest Subtopic 835-30: Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements - Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant 97Table of contentsto Staff Announcement at June 18, 2015 EITF Meeting, which amended the SEC paragraphs of ASC Subtopic 835-30 to include the language from the SEC Staff Announcement indicating that the SEC would not object to presenting deferred debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit agreements as assets and subsequently amortizing the deferred debt issuance costs ratably over the term of the agreement. This guidance is effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, with early adoption permitted. We elected to adopt this guidance beginning in the second quarter 2015. Retrospective adjustment of prior periods presented was required. Therefore, the December 31, 2014, balance sheet was recast to reclassify $428 million of debt issuance costs from other assets to long-term debt. See Note Ifor additional disclosures.In April 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-08, Presentation of Financial Statements Topic 205 and Property, Plant, and Equipment Topic 360: Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity, which alters the definition of a discontinued operation to include only asset disposals that represent a strategic shift with a major effect on an entitys operations and financial results. The amendment also requires more extensive disclosures about a discontinued operations assets, liabilities, income, expenses and cash flows. We adopted this guidance beginning in the first quarter 2015, and it could impact us in the future if we dispose of any individually significant components. In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01, Financial Instruments-Overall Subtopic 825-10: Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities, which requires all equity investments other than those accounted for using the equity method of accounting or those that result in consolidation of the investee to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income, eliminates the available-for-sale classification for equity securities with readily determinable fair values and eliminates the cost method for equity investments without readily determinable fair values. Additionally, this guidance eliminates the requirement to disclose the methods and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value of financial instruments carried at amortized cost and requires the use of the exit price when measuring the fair value of such instruments for disclosure purposes. This guidance will be effective for public business entities in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is only permitted for certain portions of the ASU. We expect to adopt this guidance in the first quarter 2018 and are evaluating the impact on us.In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-16, Business Combinations Topic 805: Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments, which requires that an acquirer recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. The amendment also requires the acquirer to record the income statement effects of changes to provisional amounts in the financial statements in the period in which the adjustments occurred. This guidance is effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015. We expect to adopt this guidance in the first quarter 2016, and it could impact us in the future if we complete any acquisitions with subsequent measurement period adjustments.In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11, Inventory Topic 330: Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory, which requires that inventory, excluding inventory measured using last-in, first-out LIFO or the retail inventory method, be measured at the lower of cost or net realizable value. This guidance will be effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. We expect to adopt this guidance in the first quarter 2017, and we are evaluating the impact on us.In May 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-07, Fair Value Measurement Topic 820: Disclosures for Investments in Certain Entities That Calculate Net Asset Value per Share or Its Equivalent, which removes the requirement to categorize within the fair value hierarchy all investments for which fair value is measured using the net asset value per share practical expedient. The amendment also removes the requirement to make certain disclosures for all investments that are eligible to be measured at fair value using the net asset value per share practical expedient. This guidance is effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those fiscal years. We expect to adopt this guidance in the first quarter 2016, and we are evaluating the impact on us.In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-05, IntangiblesGoodwill and OtherInternal-Use Software Subtopic 350-40: Customers Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement, which clarifies whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If it does, the customer should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses; if not, the customer should not account for the arrangement as a service contract. This guidance is effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December15, 2015. We expect to adopt this guidance in the first quarter 2016, and we do not expect it to materially impact us. In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-02, Consolidation Topic 810: Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis, which eliminates the presumption that a general partner should consolidate a limited partnership. It also modifies the evaluation of whether limited partnerships are variable interest entities or voting interest entities and adds requirements that limited partnerships must meet to qualify as voting interest entities. This guidance is effective for public companies for fiscal 98Table of contentsyears beginning after December 15, 2015. We expect to adopt this guidance in the first quarter 2016, and we are evaluating the impact on us.In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15, Presentation of Financial Statements- Going Concern Subtopic 205-40: Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entitys Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, which provides guidance on determining when and how to disclose going-concern uncertainties in the financial statements. The new standard requires management to perform interim and annual assessments of an entitys ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date the financial statements are issued. An entity must provide certain disclosures if conditions or events raise substantial doubt about the entitys ability to continue as a going concern. The standard applies to all entities and is effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016, and interim periods thereafter, with early adoption permitted. We expect to adopt this guidance beginning in the fourth quarter 2016, and we do not expect it to materially impact us. In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers Topic 606, which outlines the principles an entity must apply to measure and recognize revenue for entities that enter into contracts to provide goods or services to their customers. The core principle is that an entity should recognize revenue at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring goods or services to a customer. The amendment also requires more extensive disaggregated revenue disclosures in interim and annual financial statements. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14, Revenue from Contracts with Customers Topic 606: Deferral of the Effective Date, that deferred the effective date of ASU 2014-09 by one year. This update is now effective for interim and annual periods that begin after December 15, 2017, with either retrospective application for all periods presented or retrospective application with a cumulative effect adjustment. We expect to adopt this guidance beginning in the first quarter 2018, and we are evaluating the impact on us.B.DISCONTINUED OPERATIONSSeparation of ONE Gas- On January 31, 2014, we completed the separation of ONE Gas. ONE Gas consists of our former natural gas distribution business. ONEOK shareholders of record at the close of business on January 21, 2014, retained their shares of ONEOK stock and received one share of ONE Gas stock for every four shares of ONEOK stock owned in a transaction that was tax-free to ONEOK and its shareholders. We retained no ownership interest in ONE Gas. Excluding cash of ONE Gas at separation, the separation was accounted for as a noncash activity.Wind Down of Energy Services Business- On March 31, 2014, we completed the wind down of our energy services business. We executed agreements in 2013 and the first quarter 2014 to release a significant portion of our nonaffiliated natural gas transportation and storage contracts to third parties that resulted in noncash charges, which are included in income loss from discontinued operations, net of tax, in our Consolidated Statements of Income. The following table summarizes the change in our liability related to released capacity contracts for the period indicated:Years Ended December 31,20152014Millions of dollarsBeginning balance$738$1220Noncash  balance$363$738We recorded these charges in income from discontinued operations, net of tax in our Consolidated Statements of Income. The total charge attributable to severance benefits was not material. We expect future cash payments associated with released transportation and storage capacity from the wind down of our former energy services business to total approximately $37 million, which consists of approximately $19 millionpaid in 2016, $10 millionin 2017, $4 millionin 2018, and $4 millionduring the period from 2019 through 202399Table of contentsResults of Operations of Discontinued Operations- The results of operations for our former natural gas distribution business and energy services business have been reported as discontinued operations for all periods presented. Income loss from discontinued operations, net of tax, in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 2015, consists of accretion expense, net of tax benefit, on the released contracts for our former energy services business and certain tax-related adjustments. The tables below provide selected financial information reported in discontinued operations in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013:Year EndedDecember 31, 2014Natural  of  of sales and fuel exclusive of items shown separately   and  income  income expense, net8887895Interest expense, net4,5924135,005Income tax benefit  loss from discontinued operations, net$2,579$8,186$5,607a - Includes approximately $230 millionfor the year ended December 31, 2014, of costs related to the ONE Gas separation.Year EndedDecember 31, 2013Natural  of  of sales and fuel exclusive of items shown separately   and  income  income expense, net2,4841352,619Interest expense,  tax benefit  loss from discontinued operations,  - Includes approximately $94 millionfor the year ended December 31, 2013, of costs related to the ONE Gas separation.Prior to the ONE Gas separation, natural gas sales and transportation and storage services provided to our former natural gas distribution business by ONEOK Partners were $75 millionand $645 millionfor the years ended December31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. Prior to February 1, 2014, these revenues and related costs were eliminated in consolidation. Beginning February 1, 2014, these revenues represent third-party transactions with ONE Gas and are not eliminated in consolidation for all periods presented, as such sales and services have continued subsequent to the separation and are expected to continue in future periods. Prior to the completion of the energy services wind down, natural gas sales and transportation and storage services provided to our energy services business by ONEOK Partners were $460 millionand $2763 millionfor the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. While these transactions were eliminated in consolidation in previous periods, they are reflected now as affiliate transactions and are not eliminated in consolidation for all periods presented as these transactions have continued with third parties.Regulation- Our former natural gas distribution business is subject to the rate regulation and accounting requirements of the OCC, KCC, RRC and various municipalities in Texas. Oklahoma Natural Gas, Kansas Gas Service, Texas Gas Service, which are all part of our former natural gas distribution business, follow the accounting and reporting guidance for regulated operations. In December 2013, the KCC approved a settlement agreement for the separation of our Kansas Gas Service natural gas distribution business to ONE Gas from ONEOK. The terms of the settlement agreement provided that amounts previously 100Table of contentsrecorded as a regulatory asset related to ONEOKs acquisition of Kansas Gas Service in 1997 would no longer be recovered in rates. As a result, the carrying amount of the regulatory asset was written off, and we recorded a noncash charge to income from discontinued operations of approximately $102 millionin the fourth quarter 2013. Statement of Financial Position of Discontinued Operations- At December31, 2015and 2014, assets and liabilities of discontinued operations in our Consolidated Balance Sheets relate primarily to deferred tax assets and capacity release obligations associated with our former energy services business.C.ACQUISITIONSWest Texas LPG -In November 2014, ONEOK Partners completed the acquisition of an 80 percentinterest in WTLPG and a 100 percentinterest in the Mesquite Pipeline for approximately $800 millionfrom affiliates of Chevron Corporation, and ONEOK Partners became the operator of both pipelines. Financing to close this transaction came from available cash on hand and borrowings under its existing commercial paper program.The acquisition consists of approximately 2,600 miles of natural gas liquids gathering pipelines extending from the Permian Basin in southeastern New Mexico to East Texas and Mont Belvieu, Texas. The acquired pipelines access NGL supply from producers actively developing the Delaware, Midland and Central Basins in the Permian Basin, in addition to the Barnett Shale, East Texas and north Louisiana regions. The pipeline system increased ONEOK Partners natural gas liquids gathering system by approximately 60 percent to nearly 7,100 miles of natural gas liquids gathering pipelines and added approximately 285,000 barrels per day of NGL capacity. These assets provide ONEOK Partners with additional fee-based earnings and its natural gas liquids infrastructure with access to a new natural gas liquids supply basin.We accounted for the West Texas LPG acquisition as a business combination which, among other things, requires assets acquired and liabilities assumed to be measured at their acquisition-date fair values.Our Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2015, reflects the final purchase price allocation. Adjustments to the preliminary purchase price allocation reported in Note C in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in our 2014 Annual Report were not material and prior period financial statements have not been recast.The final purchase price allocation and assessment of the fair value of the assets acquired as of the acquisition date were as follows:Thousands of dollarsCash$13,839Accounts receivable9,132Other current assets3,369Property, plant and  property, plant and equipment970,359Total fair value of assets acquired996,699Accounts payable8,621Other liabilities10,867Total fair value of liabilities acquired19,488Less: Fair value of noncontrolling interest162,438Net assets acquired814,773Less: Cash received13,839Net cash paid for acquisition$800,934Beginning November 29, 2014, the results of operations for West Texas LPG are included in the Natural Gas Liquids segment. We consolidate WTLPG and have recorded noncontrolling interests in consolidated subsidiaries on our Consolidated Statements of Income and Consolidated Balance Sheets to recognize the portion of WTLPG that ONEOK Partners does not own. The portion of the assets and liabilities of WTLPG acquired attributable to noncontrolling interests was accounted for as noncash activity. The fair value of the noncontrolling interest of WTLPG was estimated by applying a market approach. 101Table of contentsRevenues and earnings related to West Texas LPG have been included within our Consolidated Statements of Income since the acquisition date. Supplemental pro forma revenue and earnings reflecting this acquisition as if it had occurred as of January1, 2013, are not materially different from the information presented in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income and are, therefore, not presented.The limited partnership agreement of WTLPG provides that distributions to the partners are to be made on a pro rata basis according to each partners ownership interest. Cash distributions to the partners are currently declared and paid by WTLPG each calendar quarter. Any changes to, or suspension of, the cash distributions from WTLPG requires the approval of a minimum of 90percent of the ownership interest and a minimum of two general partners of WTLPG. Cash distributions are equal to 100percent of distributable cash as defined in the limited partnership agreement of WTLPG. Sage Creek - On September30, 2013, ONEOK Partners completed for $305 millionthe acquisition of certain natural gas gathering and processing, and natural gas liquids facilities in Converse and Campbell counties, Wyoming, in the NGL-rich Niobrara Shale area of the Powder River Basin. The Sage Creek acquisition consists primarily of a 50MMcf/d natural gas processing facility, the Sage Creek plant, and related natural gas gathering and natural gas liquids infrastructure. Included in the acquisition were supply contracts providing for long-term acreage dedications from producers in the area, which are structured with POP and fee-based contractual terms. The acquisition is complementary to ONEOK Partners existing natural gas liquids assets and provides additional natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas liquids gathering capacity in the region.This acquisition was accounted for as a business combination. The excess of cost over those fair values was recorded as goodwill. The purchase price and assessment of the fair value of the assets acquired were as follows:Natural GasGathering andProcessingNatural GasLiquidsTotalProperty, plant and equipmentThousands of dollarsGathering pipelines and related  and fractionation and related equipment50,59550,595General plant and other120120Intangible  assets  purchase  intangible assets recognized in the Sage Creek acquisition are primarily related to natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas liquids gathering and fractionation supply contracts with acreage dedications and customer relationships. The basis for determining the value of these intangible assets is the estimated future net cash flows to be derived from acquired supply contracts and customer relationships, which are offset with appropriate charges for the use of contributory assets and discounted using a risk-adjusted discount rate. Those intangible assets are being amortized on a straight-line basis over an initial 20-year period for the Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment and an initial 30-year period for the Natural Gas Liquids segment, which represents a portion of the term over which the customer contracts and relationships are expected to contribute to ONEOK Partners cash flows. Revenues and earnings related to the Sage Creek acquisition are included within the Consolidated Statements of Income since the acquisition date. Supplemental pro forma revenue and earnings reflecting this acquisition as if it had occurred as of January1, 2012, are not materially different from the information presented in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income and are, therefore, not presented.Maysville- In December 2013, ONEOK Partners acquired the remaining 30 percentundivided interest in the Maysville, Oklahoma, natural gas processing facility for $90 million. Beginning December1, 2013, the results of operations for its 100 percentinterest are included in the Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment102Table of contentsD.FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTSRecurring Fair Value Measurements- The following tables set forth our recurring fair value measurements for the periods indicated:December31, 2015Level 1Level 2Level 3Total - GrossNetting aTotal - Net bThousands of dollarsDerivative assetsCommodity contractsFinancial  contracts3,5913,5913,591Total derivative  liabilitiesCommodity contractsFinancial   derivative  - Derivative assets and liabilities are presented in our Consolidated Balance Sheets on a net basis. We net derivative assets and liabilities when a legally enforceable master-netting arrangement exists between the counterparty to a derivative contract and ONEOK Partners. At December31, 2015, ONEOK Partners had $344 millionof cash held from various counterparties and no cash collateral posted.b - Included in other current assets or other current liabilities in our Consolidated Balance Sheets.December31, 2014Level 1Level 2Level 3Total - GrossNetting aTotal - Net bThousands of dollarsAssetsDerivatives Commodity contractsFinancial   contracts2,2882,2882,288Total derivative  investment   Commodity contractsFinancial    derivative  - Derivative assets and liabilities are presented in our Consolidated Balance Sheets on a net basis. We net derivative assets and liabilities when a legally enforceable master-netting arrangement exists between the counterparty to a derivative contract and ONEOK Partners. At December31, 2014, ONEOK Partners had $248 million of cash held from various counterparties and no cash collateral posted.b - Included in other current assets, other assets or other current liabilities in our Consolidated Balance Sheets103Table of contentsThe following table sets forth the reconciliation of our Level 3 fair value measurements for our continuing operations for the periods indicated:Years Ended December 31,Derivative Assets  of dollarsNet assets liabilities at beginning of period$9,285$782Total realized/unrealized gains losses:Included in earnings a216927Included in other comprehensive income  assets liabilities at end of period$7,331$9,285a - Included in commodity sales revenues in our Consolidated Statements of Income.Realized/unrealized gains losses include the realization of ONEOK Partners derivative contracts through maturity. During the years ended December31, 2015and 2014, gains or losses included in earnings attributable to the change in unrealized gains or losses relating to assets and liabilities still held at the end of each reporting period were not material. We recognize transfers into and out of the levels in the fair value hierarchyas of the end of each reporting period. During the years ended December31, 2015 and 2014, there were no transfers between levels.Other Financial Instruments-The approximate fair value of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and short-term borrowings is equal to book value, due to the short-term nature of these items. Our cash and cash equivalents are comprised of bank and money market accounts and are classified as Level 1. Our short-term borrowings are classified as Level 2 since the estimated fair value of the short-term borrowings can be determined using information available in the commercial paper market.The estimated fair value of our consolidated long-term debt, including current maturities, was $74 billionand $75 billionat December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The book value of long-term debt, including current maturities, was $84 billionand $72 billionat December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The estimated fair value of the aggregate of ONEOKs and ONEOK Partners long-term debt outstanding was determined using quoted market prices for similar issues with similar terms and maturities. The estimated fair value of our consolidated long-term debt is classified as Level 2.During 2015 and 2014, ONEOK Partners recorded noncash impairment charges, primarily related to its equity investments in the dry natural gas area of the Powder River Basin. The valuation of these investments required use of significant unobservable inputs. ONEOK Partners used an income approach to estimate the fair value of its investments. ONEOK Partners discounted cash flow analysis included the following inputs that are not readily available: a discount rate reflective of its cost of capital and estimated contract rates, volumes, operating and maintenance costs and capital expenditures. The estimated fair value of these investments is classified as Level3. See Note Pfor additional information about ONEOK Partners equity investments and the impairment charges.E.RISK-MANAGEMENT AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES USING DERIVATIVESRisk-Management Activities- ONEOK Partners is sensitive to changes in natural gas, crude oil and NGL prices, principally as a result of contractual terms under which these commodities are processed, purchased and sold. ONEOK Partners uses physical-forward purchases and sales and financial derivatives to secure a certain price for a portion of its natural gas, condensate and NGL products; to reduce its exposure to interest-rate fluctuations; and to achieve more predictable cash flows. ONEOK Partners follows established policies and procedures to assess risk and approve, monitor and report its risk-management activities. ONEOK Partners has not used these instruments for trading purposes. We and ONEOK Partners are also subject to the risk of interest-rate fluctuation in the normal course of business.Commodity price risk- Commodity price risk refers to the risk of loss in cash flows and future earnings arising from adverse changes in the price of natural gas, NGLs and condensate. ONEOK Partners uses the following commodity derivative instruments to mitigate the near-term commodity price risk associated with a portion of the forecasted sales of these commodities:Futures contracts- Standardized contracts to purchase or sell natural gas and crude oil for future delivery or settlement under the provisions of exchange regulations;104Table of contentsForward contracts- Nonstandardized commitments between two parties to purchase or sell natural gas, crude oil or NGLs for future physical delivery. These contracts are typically nontransferable and can only be canceled with the consent of both parties; andSwaps- Exchange of one or more payments based on the value of one or more commodities. These instruments transfer the financial risk associated with a future change in value between the counterparties of the transaction, without also conveying ownership interest in the asset or liability.ONEOK Partners may also use other instruments including options or collars to mitigate commodity price risk. Options are contractual agreements that give the holder the right, but not the obligation, to buy or sell a fixed quantity of a commodity at a fixed price within a specified period of time. Options may either be standardized and exchange traded or customized and nonexchange traded. A collar is a combination of a purchased put option and a sold call option, which places a floor and a ceiling price for commodity sales being hedged.The Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment is exposed to commodity price risk as a result of receiving commodities as a portion of ONEOK Partners compensation for services associated with its POP with fee contracts. ONEOK Partners also is exposed to basis risk between the various production and market locations where it receives and sells commodities. As part of ONEOK Partners hedging strategy, it uses the previously described commodity derivative financial instruments and physical-forward contracts to reduce the impact of price fluctuations related to natural gas, NGLs and condensate.The Natural Gas Liquids segment is exposed to location price differential risk, primarily as a result of the relative value of NGL purchases at one location and sales at another location. ONEOK Partners is also exposed to commodity price risk resulting from the relative values of the various NGL products to each other, NGLs in storage and the relative value of NGLs to natural gas. ONEOK Partners utilizes physical-forward contracts and commodity derivative financial instruments to reduce the impact of price fluctuations related to NGLs.The Natural Gas Pipelines segment is exposed to commodity price risk because its intrastate and interstate natural gas pipelines retain natural gas from its customers for operations or as part of its fee for services provided. When the amount of natural gas consumed in operations by these pipelines differs from the amount provided by its customers, ONEOK Partners pipelines must buy or sell natural gas, or store or use natural gas from inventory, which can expose it to commodity price risk depending on the regulatory treatment for this activity. To the extent that commodity price risk in the Natural Gas Pipelines segment is not mitigated by fuel cost-recovery mechanisms, ONEOK Partners uses physical-forward sales or purchases to reduce the impact of price fluctuations related to natural gas. At December 31, 2015 and 2014, there were no financial derivative instruments with respect to ONEOK Partners natural gas pipeline operations.Interest-rate risk- We and ONEOK Partners manage interest-rate risk through the use of fixed-rate debt, floating-rate debt and interest-rate swaps. Interest-rate swaps are agreements to exchange interest payments at some future point based on specified notional amounts. At December31, 2015 and 2014, ONEOK Partners had forward-starting interest-rate swaps with notional amounts totaling $400 millionand $900 million, respectively, that have been designated as cash flow hedges of the variability of interest payments on a portion of forecasted debt issuances that may result from changes in the benchmark interest rate before the debt is issued. Upon ONEOK Partners debt issuance in March 2015, it settled $500 millionof its interest-rate swaps and realized a loss of $551 million, which is included in accumulated other comprehensive loss and will be amortized to interest expense over the term of the related debt. At December 31, 2015, ONEOK Partners remaining interest-rate swaps with notional amounts totaling $400 millionhave settlement dates of less than 12 months.In January 2016, ONEOK Partners entered into forward-starting interest-rate swaps with notional amounts totaling $10 billionfor the period of April 2016 through July 2018 and forward-starting interest-rate swaps with notional amounts totaling $500 millionfor the period of July 2018 through January 2019 that were designated as cash flow hedges to hedge the variability on LIBOR-based interest payments105Table of contentsFair Values of Derivative Instruments- The following table sets forth the fair values of our derivative instruments for our continuing operations for the periods indicated:December31, 2015December31, 2014Assets aLiabilities aAssets bLiabilities bThousands of dollarsDerivatives designated as hedging instrumentsCommodity contractsFinancial    derivatives designated as hedging  not designated as hedging instrumentsCommodity contractsFinancial contracts6,9196,586Physical contracts23Total derivatives not designated as hedging   - Included on a net basis in other current assets or other current liabilities in our Consolidated Balance Sheets.b - Included on a net basis in other current assets, other assets or other current liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.Notional Quantities for Derivative Instruments- The following table sets forth the notional quantities for derivative instruments held for our continuing operations for the periods indicated:December31, 2015December31,  designated as hedging instruments:Cash flow hedgesFixed price-Natural gas BcfFutures and swaps271412-Crude oil and NGLs MMBblFutures, forwards and swaps2305Basis-Natural gas BcfFutures and  contracts Millions of  not designated as hedging instruments:Fixed price- Crude oil and NGLs MMBblFutures, forwardsand swaps0606These notional amounts are used to summarize the volume of financial instruments; however, they do not reflect the extent to which the positions offset one another and, consequently, do not reflect our actual exposure to market or credit risk.Cash Flow Hedges-ONEOK Partners uses derivative instruments to hedge the cash flows associated with anticipated purchases and sales of natural gas, NGLs and condensate and cost of fuel used in the transportation of natural gas. Accumulated other comprehensive loss at December31, 2015, includes gains of approximately $108 million, net of tax, related to these hedges that will be recognized within the next 12 months as the forecasted transactions affect earnings and if commodity prices remain at current levels. The amount deferred in accumulated other comprehensive loss attributable to our settled interest-rate swaps is a loss of $491 million, net of tax, which will be recognized over the life of the long-term, fixed-rate debt. We expect that losses of $62 million, net of tax, will be reclassified into earnings during the next 12 months as the hedged items affect earnings. The remaining amounts in accumulated other comprehensive loss are attributable primarily to ONEOK Partners forward-starting interest-rate swaps with future settlement dates, which will be amortized over the life of long-term, fixed-rate debt upon issuance of ONEOK Partners debt106Table of contentsFor the year ended December31, 2013, income from discontinued operations in our Consolidated Statement of Income related to our former energy services business included $101 millionreflecting an adjustment to natural gas inventory at the lower of cost or market value. We also reclassified $80 millionof deferred gains, before income taxes, on associated cash flow hedges from accumulated other comprehensive loss into earnings. The following table sets forth the unrealized effect of cash flow hedges recognized in other comprehensive income loss for the periods indicated:Derivatives in Cash FlowHedging RelationshipsYears Ended December 31,201520142013Thousands of dollarsContinuing OperationsCommodity   unrealized gain loss recognized in other comprehensive income loss on derivatives effective portion for continuing  gain loss related to ONEOK Partners equity-method investments are not included in the table above and were not material.The following table sets forth the effect of cash flow hedges on our Consolidated Statements of Income for the periods indicated:Location of Gain Loss Reclassified fromAccumulated Other Comprehensive IncomeLoss into Net Income Effective PortionDerivatives in Cash FlowHedging RelationshipsYears Ended December 31,201520142013Thousands of dollarsContinuing OperationsCommodity contractsCommodity sales  contractsInterest  gain loss reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income loss into net income from continuing operations on derivatives effective  the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, an unrealized loss of $37 millionand $10 million, respectively, was recognized in other comprehensive income loss and a realized loss of $128 millionand realized gain of $30 million, respectively, was reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss into net income related to cash flow hedges for our former energy services and natural gas distribution businesses.Ineffectiveness related to our former energy services business and ONEOK Partners cash flow hedges was not material for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, and for ONEOK Partners for the year ended December 31, 2015. In the event that it becomes probable that a forecasted transaction will not occur, we will discontinue cash flow hedge treatment, which will affect earnings. For the year ended December 31, 2014, we reclassified losses of $46 million, net of taxes of $31 million, to interest expense from accumulated other comprehensive loss due to the discontinuance of cash flow hedge treatment from the de-designation of interest-rate swaps related to the early retirement of long-term debt. See Note Ifor additional information. For the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2013, there were nogains or losses due to the discontinuance of cash flow hedge treatment in our continuing operations as a result of the underlying transactions being no longer probable. Credit Risk- We and ONEOK Partners monitor the creditworthiness of counterparties and compliance with policies and limits established by our Risk Oversight and Strategy Committee. We and ONEOK Partners maintain credit policies with regard to counterparties that we believe minimize overall credit risk. These policies include an evaluation of potential counterparties financial condition including credit ratings, bond yields and credit default swap rates, collateral requirements under certain circumstances and the use of standardized master-netting agreements that allow us to net the positive and negative exposures associated with a single counterparty. ONEOK Partners has counterparties whose credit is not rated, and for those customers, it uses internally developed credit ratings.From time to time, ONEOK Partners may enter into financial derivative instruments that contain provisions that require it to maintain an investment-grade credit rating from SP and/or Moodys. If ONEOK Partners credit ratings on its senior unsecured long-term debt were to decline below investment grade, the counterparties to the derivative instruments could 107Table of contentsrequest collateralization on derivative instruments in net liability positions. There were nofinancial derivative instruments with contingent features related to credit risk as of December 31, 2015.The counterparties to ONEOK Partners derivative contracts consist primarily of major energy companies, financial institutions and commercial and industrial end users. This concentration of counterparties may affect ONEOK Partners overall exposure to credit risk, either positively or negatively, in that the counterparties may be affected similarly by changes in economic, regulatory or other conditions. Based on ONEOK Partners policies, exposures, credit and other reserves, it does not anticipate a material adverse effect on its financial position or results of operations as a result of counterparty nonperformance.At December 31, 2015, the net credit exposure from our derivative assets is primarily with investment-grade companies in the financial services sector.F.PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENTThe following table sets forth our property, plant and equipment for our continuing operations by property type, for the periods indicated:Estimated UsefulLives YearsDecember 31,2015December 31,2014Thousands of dollarsNonregulatedGathering pipelines and related equipment5 to  and fractionation and related equipment3 to 403,627,0622,880,572Storage and related equipment5 to 54456,437478,276Transmission pipelines and related equipment5 to 54416,391518,585General plant and other2 to 60407,544364,976Construction work in  and related equipment5 to 5476,468115,799Natural gas transmission pipelines and related equipment5 to 771,507,2201,478,035Natural gas liquids transmission pipelines and related equipment5 to 884,208,1213,822,799General plant and other2 to 5494,46163,424Construction work in process83,461194,700Property, plant and  depreciation and amortization -  depreciation and amortization -  property, plant and  average depreciation rates for ONEOK Partners regulated property are set forth, by segment, in the following table for the periods indicated:Years Ended December 31,201520142013Natural Gas Liquids19%20%20%Natural Gas Pipelines21%21%22%We and ONEOK Partners incurred liabilities for construction work in process that had not been paid at December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, of $1157 million, $1872 millionand $2372 million, respectively. Such amounts are not included in capital expenditures less allowance for equity funds used during construction on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.Impairment Charges- Crude oil and natural gas producers have primarily focused their development efforts on crude oil and NGL-rich supply basins rather than in areas with dry natural gas production, such as the coal-bed methane production areas in the Powder River Basin. The reduced development activities and production declines in the dry natural gas area of the Powder River Basin have resulted in lower natural gas volumes available to be gathered. Due to the continued and greater than expected decline in volumes gathered in the coal-bed methane area of the Powder River Basin, ONEOK Partners evaluated its assets and investments in this area for impairment and determined that it will cease operations of its wholly owned coal-bed 108Table of contentsmethane natural gas gathering system in 2016. ONEOK Partners recorded $635 millionof noncash impairment charges on these long-lived assets in the fourth quarter 2015 in the Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment. In addition, ONEOK Partners recorded noncash impairment charges of approximately $202 millionfor previously idled assets in the Natural Gas Gathering and Processing and Natural Gas Liquids segments in the fourth quarter 2015, as the expectation for future use of these assets changed. G.GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETSGoodwill- The following table sets forth our goodwill by segment for the periods indicated:December 31,December 31,20152014Thousands of dollarsNatural Gas Gathering and  Gas Liquids268,544268,544Natural Gas Pipelines134,700134,700Total  Assets- The following table sets forth the gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization of intangible assets for our continuing operations for the periods indicated:December 31,December 31,20152014Thousands of dollarsGross intangible   intangible assets$491,723$489,205At December 31, 2015 and 2014, ONEOK Partners has $3362 millionand $3336 million, respectively, of intangible assets related primarily to contracts acquired through acquisitions in the Natural Gas Gathering and Processing and Natural Gas Liquids segments, which are being amortized over periods of 20to 40years. The remaining intangible asset balance has an indefinite life. Amortization expense for intangible assets for 2015, 2014 and 2013was $119 million, $118 millionand $87 million, respectively, and the aggregate amortization expense for each of the next five years is estimated to be approximately $119 million.H.SHORT-TERM BORROWINGSONEOK Credit Agreement- In January 2016, we extended the term of the ONEOK Credit Agreement by one year to January 2020. The ONEOK Credit Agreement is a $300 millionrevolving credit facility and contains certain financial, operational and legal covenants. Among other things, these covenants include maintaining a ratio of indebtedness to Consolidated EBITDA EBITDA, as defined in our ONEOK Credit Agreement of no more than 40to 1. Upon breach of certain covenants by us in our ONEOK Credit Agreement, amounts outstanding under our ONEOK Credit Agreement, if any, may become due and payable immediately. At December 31, 2015, ONEOKs ratio of indebtedness to Consolidated EBITDA was 23to 1, and ONEOK was in compliance with all covenants under the ONEOK Credit Agreement. As a result of a reduction in the borrowing capacity of the ONEOK Credit Agreement due to the ONE Gas separation, we wrote off approximately $29 millionin interest expense of previously deferred credit agreement issuance costs in the first quarter 2014. This ONEOK Credit Agreement includes a $50 millionsublimit for the issuance of standby letters of credit and a $50 millionsublimit for swingline loans. Under the terms of the ONEOK Credit Agreement, ONEOK may request an increase in the size of the facility to an aggregate of $500 millionfrom $300 millionby either commitments from new lenders or increased commitments from existing lenders. The ONEOK Credit Agreement contains provisions for an applicable margin rate and an annual facility fee, both of which adjust with changes in our credit rating. Based on our current credit rating, borrowings, if any, will accrue interest at LIBOR plus145 basis points, and the annual facility fee is 30 basis points.At December31, 2015, ONEOK had $11 millionletters of credit issued and noborrowings under the ONEOK Credit Agreement. In February 2014, we repaid all amounts outstanding under our commercial paper program, with a portion of the 109Table of contentsproceeds received from ONE Gas in connection with the separation, and terminated the program. See Note Ifor additional information.ONEOK Partners Credit Agreement- In January 2016, ONEOK Partners extended the term of the ONEOK Partners Credit Agreement by one year to January 2020. The ONEOK Partners Credit Agreement is a $24 billionrevolving credit facility and includes a $100 millionsublimit for the issuance of standby letters of credit and a $150 millionswingline sublimit. The ONEOK Partners Credit Agreement is available for general partnership purposes. During the first quarter 2015, ONEOK Partners increased the size of the ONEOK Partners Credit Agreement to $24 billionfrom $17 billionby exercising its option to increase the capacity of the facility through increased commitments from existing lenders and a commitment from one new lender.ONEOK Partners had $14 millionof letters of credit issued December 31, 2015 and 2014, $3000 millionof borrowings outstanding and approximately $18 billioncapacity available at December 31, 2015, and noborrowings outstanding at December 31, 2014, under the ONEOK Partners Credit Agreement. The interest rate on ONEOK Partners borrowings at December 31, 2015, was 160 percent.The ONEOK Partners Credit Agreement contains provisions for an applicable margin rate and an annual facility fee, both of which adjust with changes in its credit rating. Under the terms of the ONEOK Partners Credit Agreement, based on ONEOK Partners current credit ratings, borrowings, if any, will accrue at LIBOR plus 1175 basis points, and the annual facility fee is 20 basis points. The ONEOK Partners Credit Agreement is guaranteed fully and unconditionally by the Intermediate Partnership. Borrowings under the ONEOK Partners Credit Agreement are nonrecourse to ONEOK.The ONEOK Partners Credit Agreement contains certain financial, operational and legal covenants. Among other things, these covenants include maintaining a ratio of indebtedness to adjusted EBITDA EBITDA, as defined in ONEOK Partners Credit Agreement, adjusted for all noncash charges and increased for projected EBITDA from certain lender-approved capital expansion projects of no more than 50to 1. If ONEOK Partners consummates one or more acquisitions in which the aggregate purchase price is $25 millionor more, the allowable ratio of indebtedness to adjusted EBITDA will increase to 55to 1 for the quarter in which the acquisition was completed and the two following quarters. As a result of the West Texas LPG acquisition ONEOK Partners completed in the fourth quarter 2014, the allowable ratio of indebtedness to adjusted EBITDA increased to 55to 1 through the second quarter 2015. If ONEOK Partners were to breach certain covenants in the ONEOK Partners Credit Agreement, amounts outstanding under the ONEOK Partners Credit Agreement, if any, may become due and payable immediately. At December31, 2015, ONEOK Partners ratio of indebtedness to adjusted EBITDA was 44to 1, and it was in compliance with all covenants under the ONEOK Partners Credit Agreement.Neither ONEOK nor ONEOK Partners guarantees the debt or other similar commitments of unaffiliated parties. ONEOK does not guarantee the debt, commercial paper or other similar commitments of ONEOK Partners, and ONEOK Partners does not guarantee the debt or other similar commitments of ONEOK.ONEOK Partners Commercial Paper Program- During the first quarter 2015, ONEOK Partners increased the size of its commercial paper program to $24 billionfrom $17 billion. Amounts outstanding under ONEOK Partners commercial paper program reduce the borrowing capacity under the ONEOK Partners Credit Agreement.At December 31, 2015 and 2014, ONEOK Partners had $2463 millionand $11 billionof commercial paper outstanding with weighted-average interest rates of 123 percentand 054 percent, respectively110Table of contentsI.LONG-TERM DEBTAll notes are senior unsecured obligations, ranking equally in right of payment with all of our existing and future unsecured senior indebtedness. The following table sets forth our long-term debt for the periods indicated:December 31,December 31,20152014Thousands of dollarsONEOK$700,000 at 425% due 2022$547,397$547,397$500,000 at 75% due 2023500,000$100,000 at 65% due 202887,51687,619$100,000 at 6875% due 2028100,000100,000$400,000 at 60% due 2035400,000400,000Total ONEOK senior notes  Partners$650,000 at 325% due 2016650,000650,000$450,000 at 615% due 2016450,000450,000$400,000 at 20% due 2017400,000400,000$425,000 at 32% due 2018425,000425,000$500,000 at 8625% due 2019500,000500,000$300,000 at 38% due 2020300,000$900,000 at 3375 % due 2022900,000900,000$425,000 at 50 % due 2023425,000425,000$500,000 at 49 % due 2025500,000$600,000 at 665% due 2036600,000600,000$600,000 at 685% due 2037600,000600,000$650,000 at 6125% due 2041650,000650,000$400,000 at 62% due 2043400,000400,000Guardian PipelineAverage 788% due 202251,90759,557Total ONEOK Partners senior notes  long-term notes  portion of terminated swaps21,90423,622Unamortized debt issuance costs and   debt$8,323,582$7,150,142The aggregate maturities of long-term debt outstanding as of December 31, 2015, for the years 2016through 2020are shown  of  our 65 percentsenior notes due 2028 are callable at par at our option from now until maturity.ONE Gas Debt Issuance - In January 2014, ONE Gas, which at the time was our wholly owned subsidiary, completed a private placement of three series of senior notes aggregating $12 billion, consisting of $300 millionof five-year senior notes at 207 percent; $300 millionof 10-year senior notes at 361 percent; and $600 millionof 30-year senior notes at 4658 percent. 111Table of contentsONE Gas received approximately $119 billionfrom the offering, net of issuance costs. Our obligations related to the ONE Gas Senior Notes terminated in connection with the completion of the separation of ONE Gas.ONEOK Debt Repayment -ONE Gas made a cash payment to us of approximately $113 billionfrom the proceeds of the ONE Gas senior notes offering. In February 2014, we retired approximately $1525 millionof the 425 percentsenior notes due 2022 through a tender offer. The total amount paid, including fees and other charges, was approximately $150 million.In February 2014, we called our $400 million, 52 percentsenior notes due in 2015. The full repayment occurred in March 2014 and totaled $4301 million, including accrued but unpaid interest to the redemption date. We recorded a loss on extinguishment of $248 millionrelated to the debt retirements, which is included in other expense in our Consolidated Statements of Income.ONEOK Debt Issuance - In August 2015, we completed an underwritten public offering of $500 million, 75 percentsenior notes due 2023. The net proceeds, after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and other expenses, were approximately $4871 million. We used the proceeds together with cash on hand to purchase $650 millionof additional common units from ONEOK Partners.ONEOK Debt Covenants- The indentures governing ONEOKs 65 percent and 6875 percent senior notes due 2028 include an event of default upon acceleration of other indebtedness of $15 million or more, and the indentures governing the senior notes due 2022, 2023 and 2035 include an event of default upon the acceleration of other indebtedness of $100 million or more. Such events of default would entitle the trustee or the holders of 25 percent in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding senior notes due 2022, 2023, 2028 and 2035 to declare those senior notes immediately due and payable in full. The indenture for the notes due 2023 also contains a provision that allows the holders of the notes to require ONEOK to offer to repurchase all or any part of their notes if a change of control and a credit rating downgrade occur at a purchase price of 101 percent of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any.ONEOK may redeem the 6875 percent senior notes due 2028 and the senior notes due 2035, in whole or in part, at any time prior to their maturity at a redemption price equal to the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest and a make-whole premium. ONEOK may redeem the 65 percent senior notes due 2028, in whole or in part, at any time prior to their maturity at a redemption price equal to the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest. ONEOK may redeem the remaining balance of its senior notes due 2022 and 2023 at a redemption price equal to the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, starting three months before the maturity date. Prior to this date, ONEOK may redeem these senior notes on the same basis as the 6875 percent senior notes due 2028 and the senior notes due 2035. The redemption price will never be less than 100 percent of the principal amount of the respective note plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. ONEOKs senior notes are senior unsecured obligations, ranking equally in right of payment with all of ONEOKs existing and future unsecured senior indebtedness. ONEOK Partners Debt Issuances and Maturities- In January 2016, ONEOK Partners entered into the $10 billionsenior unsecured delayed-draw Term Loan Agreement with a syndicate of banks, which may be drawn by April 7, 2016. The Term Loan Agreement is intended to effectively refinance $10 billionof ONEOK Partners $650 million, 325 percentsenior notes, which matured February 1, 2016, and $450 million, 615 percentsenior notes due October 1, 2016. The Term Loan Agreement matures in January 2019 and bears interest at LIBOR plus a margin that is based on the credit ratings assigned to ONEOK Partners senior, unsecured, long-term indebtedness. Based on ONEOK Partners current applicable credit rating, borrowings on the Term Loan Agreement will accrue at LIBOR plus 1300 basis points. The Term Loan Agreement contains an option, which may be exercised up to two times, to extend the term of the loan, in each case, for an additional one-year term, subject to approval of the banks. The Term Loan Agreement provides an option to prepay, without penalty or premium, the amount outstanding, or any portion thereof. At December 31, 2015, $10 billionof ONEOK Partners senior notes due in 2016 have been reflected as long-term debt in our Consolidated Balance Sheet, as ONEOK Partners has the intent and ability to refinance the debt, and the remaining $1000 millionis reflected in current maturities of long-term debt.In March 2015, ONEOK Partners completed an underwritten public offering of $800 millionof senior notes, consisting of $300 million, 38 percentsenior notes due 2020, and $500 million, 49 percentsenior notes due 2025. The net proceeds, after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering expenses, were approximately $7923 million. ONEOK Partners used the proceeds to repay amounts outstanding under its commercial paper program and for general partnership purposes. In September 2013, ONEOK Partners completed an underwritten public offering of $125 billionof senior notes, consisting of $425 million, 32 percentsenior notes due 2018, $425 million, 50 percentsenior notes due 2023 and $400 million, 62 percentsenior notes due 2043. A portion of the net proceeds from the offering of approximately $124 billionwas used to repay 112Table of contentsamounts outstanding under its commercial paper program, and the balance was used for general partnership purposes, including but not limited to capital expenditures and acquisitions.ONEOK Partners Debt Covenants- ONEOK Partners Term Loan Agreement contains substantially the same covenants as the ONEOK Partners Credit Agreement.ONEOK Partners senior notes are governed by an indenture, dated as of September 25, 2006, between ONEOK Partners and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., the trustee, as supplemented. The indenture does not limit the aggregate principal amount of debt securities that may be issued and provides that debt securities may be issued from time to time in one or more additional series. The indenture contains covenants including, among other provisions, limitations on ONEOK Partners ability to place liens on its property or assets and to sell and lease back its property. The indenture includes an event of default upon acceleration of other indebtedness of $100 million or more. Such events of default would entitle the trustee or the holders of 25 percent in aggregate principal amount of any of ONEOK Partners outstanding senior notes to declare those notes immediately due and payable in full. ONEOK Partners may redeem its 615 percent senior notes due 2016 and its senior notes due 2019, 2036 and 2037, in whole or in part, at any time prior to their maturity at a redemption price equal to the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest and a make-whole premium. The redemption price will never be less than 100 percent of the principal amount of the respective note plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. ONEOK Partners may redeem its senior notes due 2017 and its senior notes due 2022 at par starting one month and three months, respectively, before their maturity dates. ONEOK Partners may redeem its senior notes due 2041 at a redemption price equal to the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, starting six months before its maturity date. Prior to that date, ONEOK Partners may redeem these senior notes, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest and a make-whole premium. ONEOK Partners may redeem its senior notes due 2018, 2020, 2023, 2025 and 2043 at par, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date, starting one month, one month, three months, three months, and six months, respectively, before their maturity dates. Prior to these dates, ONEOK Partners may redeem these notes, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest and a make-whole premium. The redemption price will never be less than 100 percent of the principal amount of the respective note plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date.ONEOK Partners senior notes are senior unsecured obligations, ranking equally in right of payment with all of ONEOK Partners existing and future unsecured senior indebtedness, and are structurally subordinate to any of the existing and future debt and other liabilities of any nonguarantor subsidiaries. ONEOK Partners senior notes are nonrecourse to ONEOK. ONEOK Partners Debt Guarantee- ONEOK Partners senior notes are guaranteed fully and unconditionally on a senior unsecured basis by the Intermediate Partnership. The Intermediate Partnerships guarantee is full and unconditional, subject to certain customary automatic release provisions. The guarantee ranks equally in right of payment to all of the Intermediate Partnerships existing and future unsecured senior indebtedness. ONEOK Partners, L.P. has no significant assets or operations other than its investment in the Intermediate Partnership, which is also consolidated. At December 31, 2015, the Intermediate Partnership held the equity of ONEOK Partners subsidiaries, as well as a 50 percent interest in Northern Border Pipeline. ONEOK Partners long-term debt is nonrecourse to ONEOK.Guardian Pipeline Senior Notes- These senior notes were issued under a master shelf agreement dated November 8, 2001, with certain financial institutions. Principal payments are due quarterly through 2022. Guardian Pipelines senior notes contain financial covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios as defined in the master shelf agreement based on Guardian Pipelines financial position and results of operations. Upon any breach of these covenants, all amounts outstanding under the master shelf agreement may become due and payable immediately.At December31, 2015, Guardian Pipeline was in compliance with its financial covenants.Other- We amortize premiums, discounts and expenses incurred in connection with the issuance of long-term debt consistent with the terms of the respective debt instrument.J.EQUITYSeries A and B Convertible Preferred Stock- There are no shares of Series A or Series B Preferred Stock currently issued or outstanding.Common Stock- At December 31, 2015, we had approximately 3727 millionshares of authorized and unreserved common stock available for issuance113Table of contentsDividends- Dividends paid totaled $5092 million, $4438 millionand $3047 millionfor 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. The following table sets forth the quarterly dividends per share declared and paid on our common stock for the periods indicated:Years Ended December 31,201520142013First Quarter$0605$040$036Second Quarter0605056036Third Quarter06050575038Fourth  a quarterly dividend of $0615per share was declared in January 2016, payable in the first quarter 2016.Stock Repurchase Program- We did not repurchase any shares of our common stock in 2013 under a stock repurchase program that expired on December31, 2013.See Note Qfor a discussion of ONEOK Partners issuance of common units and distributions to noncontrolling interests.K.ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME LOSSThe following table sets forth the balance in accumulated other comprehensive income loss for the periods indicated:Unrealized GainsLosses on EnergyMarketing  aUnrealizedHolding GainsLosseson InvestmentSecurities aPension andPostretirementBenefit PlanObligations a  Loss aThousands of dollarsJanuary 1,  comprehensive income loss  reclassified from accumulated othercomprehensive income loss 22,04410,31532,359Other comprehensive incomeloss attributable to  to ONE Gas3,3893,389December 31,  comprehensive income loss  reclassified from accumulated othercomprehensive income loss 15,2949,6945,600Other comprehensive incomeloss attributable to  31,  All amounts are presented net of tax.b Includes amounts related to supplemental executive retirement plan114Table of contentsThe following table sets forth the effect of reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive income loss on our Consolidated Statements of Income for the periods indicated:Details about Accumulated OtherComprehensive Income Loss ComponentsYears Ended December 31, Affected Line Itemin the ConsolidatedStatements of Income201520142013Thousands of dollarsUnrealized gains losses on energy marketing and risk-management assets/liabilitiesCommodity  sales revenuesInterest-rate   before income  tax  from continuing operations7,6821,864Income loss from  incomeNoncontrolling  Net income attributable tononcontrolling  income attributable to ONEOKPension and postretirement benefit plan obligations aAmortization of net  of unrecognized prior service  of unrecognized net asset at  before income  tax expense9,6948,66711,938Income from continuing operations1,64834,044Income loss from discontinued  income attributable to ONEOKTotal reclassifications for the period attributable to  income attributable to ONEOKa These components of accumulated other comprehensive income loss are included in the computation of net periodic benefit cost. See Note Nfor additional detail of our net periodic benefit cost.L.EARNINGS PER SHAREThe following tables set forth the computation of basic and diluted EPS from continuing operations for the periods indicated:Year Ended December 31, 2015IncomeSharesPer ShareAmountThousands, except per share amountsBasic EPS from continuing operationsIncome from continuing operations attributable to ONEOK available for common  EPS from continuing operationsEffect of options and other dilutive securities333Income from continuing operations attributable to ONEOK available for common stock and common stock  of contentsYear Ended December 31, 2014IncomeSharesPer ShareAmountThousands, except per share amountsBasic EPS from continuing operationsIncome from continuing operations attributable to ONEOK available for common  EPS from continuing operationsEffect of options and other dilutive securities1,036Income from continuing operations attributable to ONEOK available for common stock and common stock  Ended December 31, 2013IncomeSharesPer ShareAmountThousands, except per share amountsBasic EPS from continuing operationsIncome from continuing operations attributable to ONEOK available for common  EPS from continuing operationsEffect of options and other dilutive securities3,651Income from continuing operations attributable to ONEOK available for common stock and common stock  werenooption shares excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share for 2015, 2014 and 2013.M.SHARE-BASED PAYMENTSThe ONEOK, Inc. Equity Compensation Plan ECP and the ONEOK, Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan LTIP provide for the granting of stock-based compensation, including incentive stock options, nonstatutory stock options, stock bonus awards, restricted stock awards, restricted stock-unit awards, performance stock awards and performance-unit awards to eligible employees and the granting of stock awards to nonemployee directors. We have reserved 100 millionand 156 millionshares of common stock for issuance under the ECP and LTIP, respectively. At December 31, 2015, we had approximately 29 millionand 08 millionshares available for issuance under the ECP and LTIP, respectively, which reflect shares issued and estimated shares expected to be issued upon vesting of outstanding awards granted under these plans, less forfeitures. These plans allow for the deferral of awards granted in stock or cash, in accordance with Internal Revenue Code section 409A requirements.Restricted Stock Units- We have granted restricted stock units to key employees that vest over a three-year period and entitle the grantee to receive shares of our common stock. Restricted stock unit awards are measured at fair value as if they were vested and issued on the grant date, reduced by expected dividend payments and adjusted for estimated forfeitures. Nodividends were paid prior to vesting on the restricted stock units granted prior to 2013. Beginning in 2013, restricted stock unit awards granted accrue dividend equivalents in the form of additional restricted stock units prior to vesting. Compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period of the award.Performance-Unit Awards-We have granted performance-unit awards to key employees. The shares of our common stock underlying the performance units vest at the expiration of a period determined by the Executive Compensation Committee if certain performance criteria are met by the company. Outstanding performance units vest at the expiration of a three-year period. Upon vesting, a holder of outstanding performance units is entitled to receive a number of shares of our common stock equal to a percentage 0 percentto 200 percent of the performance units granted, based on our total shareholder return over the vesting period, compared with the total shareholder return of a peer group of other energy companies over the same period. Compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the period of the award.If paid, the outstanding performance unit awards entitle the grantee to receive the grant in shares of our common stock. Our outstanding performance unit awards are equity awards with a market-based condition, which results in the compensation cost for these awards being recognized over the requisite service period, provided that the requisite service period is fulfilled, regardless of when, if ever, the market condition is satisfied. The fair value of these performance units was estimated on the grant date based on a Monte Carlo model. Nodividends were paid prior to vesting on performance stock units granted prior to 116Table of contents2013. Beginning in 2013, performance stock unit awards granted accrue dividend equivalents in the form of additional performance units prior to vesting. The compensation expense on these awards only will be adjusted for changes in forfeitures.Options- Nostock options have been granted since 2003. Stock option activity was not material in 2013. All previously issued stock options expired or were exercised as of February 2013.Stock Compensation Plan for Non-Employee DirectorsThe ONEOK, Inc. Stock Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors the DSCP provides for the granting of stock options, stock bonus awards, including performance-unit awards, restricted stock awards and restricted stock unit awards. Under the DSCP, these awards may be granted by the Executive Compensation Committee at any time, until grants have been made for all shares authorized under the DSCP. We have reserved a total of 14 millionshares of common stock for issuance under the DSCP, and at December 31, 2015, we had approximately 10 millionshares available for issuance under the plan. The maximum number of shares of common stock that can be issued to a participant under the DSCP during any year is 40,000. Noperformance unit awards, restricted stock unit awards or restricted stock awards have been made to nonemployee directors under the DSCP.GeneralFor all awards outstanding, we used a 3 percentforfeiture rate based on historical forfeitures under our share-based payment plans. We primarily use treasury stock to satisfy our share-based payment obligations.Compensation cost expensed for our share-based payment plans described above was $68 million, $111 millionand $228 millionduring 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, which is net of tax benefits of $42 million, $68 millionand $139 million, respectively. Compensation cost expensed included in income from continuing operations for each respective year was $68 million, $84 million, and $94 million, net of tax benefits. Impact of ONE Gas Separation on Stock Compensation PlansIn connection with the separation of our former natural gas distribution business on January 31, 2014, ONEOK entered into an Employee Matters Agreement with ONE Gas, which provides that employees of ONE Gas no longer participate in stock compensation plans sponsored or maintained by ONEOK. Pursuant to the Employee Matters Agreement, we made certain adjustments to the number of our share-based compensation awards, with the intention of preserving the intrinsic value of each award immediately prior to the separation. Unless otherwise indicated, information presented below reflects employees and costs of both continuing and discontinued operations.Restricted Stock Unit ActivityAs of December31, 2015, we had $98 millionof total unrecognized compensation cost related to our nonvested restricted stock unit awards, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 19 years. The following tables set forth activity and various statistics for our restricted stock unit awards:Number ofUnitsWeightedAverage PriceNonvested December 31,  to  December 31,  grant date fair value per share$4298$5823$4746Fair value of units granted thousands of  value of units vested thousands of  stock units held by an employee who separated from ONEOK and became an employee of ONE Gas were surrendered as a result of the separation. The number of restricted stock units held by employees who remained with ONEOK 117Table of contentsfollowing the separation was adjusted by issuing additional units to preserve the intrinsic value of the units immediately prior to the separation.Performance-Unit ActivityAs of December 31, 2015, we had $135 millionof total unrecognized compensation cost related to the nonvested performance-unit awards, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 18 years. The following tables set forth activity and various statistics related to the performance-unit awards and the assumptions used in the valuations of the 2015, 2014 and 2013grants at the grant date:Number ofUnitsWeightedAverage PriceNonvested December 31,  to  December 31,  a2670%2548%2227%Dividend Yield502%263%304%Risk-free Interest Rate100%069%042%a - Volatility was based on historical volatility over three years using daily stock price  grant date fair value per share$5030$6475$5234Fair value of units granted thousands of  value of units vested thousands of  awards held by employees who separated from ONEOK and became employees of ONE Gas were surrendered as a result of the separation. The number of performance unit awards held by employees who remained with ONEOK following the separation was adjusted by issuing additional units to preserve the intrinsic value of the performance units immediately prior to the separation.Employee Stock Purchase PlanWe have reserved a total of 116 millionshares of common stock for issuance under our ONEOK, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan the ESPP. Subject to certain exclusions, all full-time employees are eligible to participate in the ESPP. Employees can choose to have up to 10 percentof their annual base pay withheld to purchase our common stock, subject to terms and limitations of the plan. The purchase price of the stock is 85 percentof the lower of its grant date or exercise date market price. Approximately 53 percent, 67 percentand 52 percentof employees participated in the plan in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. Compensation expense for continuing operations for the ESPP was not material in 2015, 2014 and 2013. Under the plan, we sold 222,872shares at $2551per share in 2015, 110,592shares at $4385per share in 2014and 254,960shares at $3597per share in 2013.For those employees who separated from ONEOK and became employees of ONE Gas, their enrollment in the plan was terminated upon the separation. Employees who separated from ONEOK and became employees of ONE Gas received shares of ONEOK common stock at the end of the offering period based upon the contributions made while employed at ONEOK. There was no impact to enrollment for those employees who remained at ONEOK. The grant date market price for ONEOK stock was adjusted to reflect the impact of the distribution of ONE Gas shares. Employee Stock Award ProgramUnder our Employee Stock Award Program, we issued, for no monetary consideration, to all eligible employees one share of our common stock when the per-share closing price of our common stock on the NYSE was for the first time at or above $13 per share, and one additional share of common stock when the per-share closing price of our common stock on the NYSE was at or above each one dollar increment above $13. The total number of shares of our common stock available for issuance under this program was 900,000. Noshares were issued to employees under this program during 2015. Shares issued to employees 118Table of contentsunder this program during 2014 and 2013 totaled 49,864and 63,975, respectively, and compensation expense related to the Employee Stock Award Plan was $21 millionand $36 millionin 2014 and 2013, respectively.Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee DirectorsThe ONEOK, Inc. Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors provides our nonemployee directors the option to defer all or a portion of their compensation for their service on our Board of Directors. Under the plan, directors may elect either a cash deferral option or a phantom stock option. Under the cash deferral option, directors may defer the receipt of all or a portion of their annual retainer fees, plus accrued interest. Under the phantom stock option, directors may defer all or a portion of their annual retainer fees and receive such fees on a deferred basis in the form of shares of common stock under our Long-Term Incentive Plan or Equity Compensation Plan. Shares are distributed to nonemployee directors at the fair market value of our common stock at the date of distribution.Deferred shares associated with vested restricted stock unit awards or performance unit awards held by directors or employees were treated in the same manner as regular shareholders in connection with the ONE Gas separation, by crediting one deferred share of ONE Gas common stock for every four deferred shares of ONEOK common stock.N.EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANSRetirement and Postretirement Benefit PlansRetirement Plans- We have a defined benefit pension plan covering employees hired before January 1, 2005. Employees hired after December 31, 2004, and employees who accepted a one-time opportunity to opt out of our pension plan are covered by our Profit Sharing Plan. In addition, we have a supplemental executive retirement plan for the benefit of certain officers. No new participants in our supplemental executive retirement plan have been approved since 2005, and effective January 2014, the plan was formally closed to new participants. We fund our pension costs at a level needed to maintain or exceed the minimum funding levels required by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the Pension Protection Act of 2006.Postretirement Benefit Plans- We sponsor health and welfare plans that provide postretirement medical and life insurance benefits to certain employees who retire with at least fiveyears of service. The postretirement medical plan is contributory based on hire date, age and years of service, with retiree contributions adjusted periodically, and contains other cost-sharing features such as deductibles and coinsurance119Table of contentsObligations and Funded Status- The following tables set forth our pension and postretirement benefit plans benefit obligations and fair value of plan assets for our continuing operations for the periods indicated:Pension BenefitsPostretirement BenefitsDecember 31,December 31,2015201420152014Change in benefit obligationThousands of dollarsBenefit obligation, beginning of  cost7,5657,238743710Interest  participants  loss    obligation, end of  in plan assetsFair value of plan assets, beginning of  return on plan  contributions2,0002,000Plan participants    value of assets, end of  at December    at December  table above includes the supplemental executive retirement plan obligation. ONEOK has investments included in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, which totaled $811 millionand $824 millionat December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, for the purpose of funding the obligation. These assets are excluded from the table above as those are not assets of the supplemental executive retirement plan.In connection with the separation of the natural gas distribution business, ONEOK entered into an Employee Matters Agreement with ONE Gas, which provides that employees of ONE Gas no longer participate in benefit plans sponsored or maintained by ONEOK as of January 1, 2014. The ONEOK defined benefit pension plans and postretirement benefit plans transferred an allocable portion of assets and obligations related to those employees transferring as employees to ONE Gas to newly established trusts for the ONE Gas plans. This resulted in a decrease in ONEOKs sponsored qualified and nonqualified pension and postretirement plan obligations of approximately $11 billionand a decrease in ONEOKs sponsored pension and postretirement plan assets of approximately $10 billion. Additionally, as a result of the transfer of unrecognized losses to ONE Gas, ONEOKs deferred income taxes and regulatory assets decreased approximately $860 millionand $3311 million, respectively. The accumulated benefit obligation for our pension plans for our continuing operations was $3708 millionand $3933 millionat December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. There are noplan assets expected to be withdrawn and returned to us in 2016120Table of contentsComponents of Net Periodic Benefit Cost-The following tables set forth the components of net periodic benefit cost for our pension and postretirement benefit plans for our continuing operations for the periods indicated:Pension BenefitsYears Ended December 31,201520142013Thousands of dollarsComponents of net periodic benefit costService   return on  of prior service cost94193239Amortization of net loss15,98115,07819,016Net periodic benefit  BenefitsYears Ended December 31,201520142013Thousands of dollarsComponents of net periodic benefit costService cost$743$710$458Interest cost2,3472,4331,164Expected return on  of unrecognized net asset at adoption49Amortization of prior service  of net loss1,7438362,391Net periodic benefit cost$918$154$1,045Other Comprehensive Income Loss- The following tables set forth the amounts recognized in other comprehensive income loss related to our pension benefits and postretirement benefits for our continuing operations for the periods indicated:Pension BenefitsYears Ended December 31,201520142013Thousands of dollarsNet gain loss arising during the  of prior service credit94193239Amortization of net  income  recognized in other comprehensive income  BenefitsYears Ended December 31,201520142013Thousands of dollarsNet gain loss arising during the  of transition obligation49Amortization of prior service  of net loss1,7438362,391Deferred income taxes1,7903,2183,895Total recognized in other comprehensive income  of contentsThe table below sets forth the amounts in accumulated other comprehensive income loss that had not yet been recognized as components of net periodic benefit expense for our continuing operations for the periods indicated:Pension BenefitsPostretirement BenefitsDecember 31,December 31,2015201420152014Thousands of dollarsPrior service credit   other comprehensive  income  other comprehensive loss, net of  following table sets forth the amounts recognized in accumulated comprehensive income loss expected to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit expense for our continuing operations in the next fiscal year.  to be recognized in 2016Thousands of dollarsPrior service credit cost$$1,662Net loss$10,966$1,045Actuarial Assumptions- The following table sets forth the weighted-average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations for pension and postretirement benefits for the periods indicated:Pension BenefitsPostretirement BenefitsDecember 31,December 31,2015201420152014Discount  increase rate310%315%N/AN/AThe following table sets forth the weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit costs for the periods indicated:Years Ended December 31,201520142013Discount rate - pension plans450%525%425%Discount rate - postretirement plans425%500%400%Expected long-term return on plan  increase rate315%320%350%We determine our overall expected long-term rate of return on plan assets based on our review of historical returns and economic growth models.We determine our discount rates annually. We estimate our discount rate based upon a comparison of the expected cash flows associated with our future payments under our pension and postretirement obligations to a hypothetical bond portfolio created using high-quality bonds that closely match expected cash flows. Bond portfolios are developed by selecting a bond for each of the next 60years based on the maturity dates of the bonds. Bonds selected to be included in the portfolios are only those rated by Moodys as AA- or better and exclude callable bonds, bonds with less than a minimum issue size, yield outliers and other filtering criteria to remove unsuitable bonds. 122Table of contentsHealth Care Cost Trend Rates-The following table sets forth the assumed health care cost-trend rates for the periods indicated:20152014Health care cost-trend rate assumed for next year40% - 750%40% - 775%Rate to which the cost-trend rate is assumed to declinethe ultimate trend rate40% - 50%40% - 50%Year that the rate reaches the ultimate trend rate20222022Assumed health care cost-trend rates have an impact on the amounts reported for our health care plans. A onepercentage point change in assumed health care cost-trend rates would have the following effects on our continuing operations:One PercentagePoint IncreaseOne PercentagePoint DecreaseThousands of dollarsEffect on total of service and interest cost$80$72Effect on postretirement benefit obligation$900$821Plan Assets-Our investment strategy is to invest plan assets in accordance with sound investment practices that emphasize long-term fundamentals. The goal of this strategy is to maximize investment returns while managing risk in order to meet the plans current and projected financial obligations. The investment policy follows a glide path approach toward liability-driven investing that shifts a higher portfolio weighting to fixed income as the plan funded status increases. The purpose of liability-driven investing is to structure the asset portfolio to more closely resemble the pension liability and thereby more effectively hedge against changes in the liability. The plans current investments include a diverse blend of various domestic and international equities, investments in various classes of debt securities, insurance contracts and venture capital. The target allocation for the assets of our pension plan as of December 31, 2015, is as follows:U.S. large-cap equities37%Long duration bonds30%Developed foreign large-cap equities10%Alternative investments8%Mid-cap equities6%Emerging markets equities5%Small-cap equities4%Total100%As part of our risk management for the plans, minimums and maximums have been set for each of the asset classes listed above. All investment managers for the plan are subject to certain restrictions on the securities they purchase and, with the exception of indexing purposes, are prohibited from owning our stock123Table of contentsThe following tables set forth our pension benefits and postretirement benefits plan assets by fair value category for our continuing operations as of the measurement date:Pension BenefitsDecember 31, 2015Asset CategoryLevel 1Level 2Level 3TotalThousands of dollarsInvestments:Equity securities   obligations   investments c20,26620,266Total  - This category represents securities of the respective market sector from diverse industries.b - This category represents bonds from diverse industries.c - This category represents alternative investments.Pension BenefitsDecember 31, 2014Asset CategoryLevel 1Level 2Level 3TotalThousands of dollarsInvestments:Equity securities   obligations b55,94855,948Cash and money market funds c4,6104,610Other investments d20,23020,230Total  - This category represents securities of the respective market sector from diverse industries.b - This category represents bonds from diverse industries.c - This category is primarily money market funds.d - This category represents alternative investments.Postretirement BenefitsDecember 31, 2015Asset CategoryLevel 1Level 2Level 3TotalThousands of dollarsInvestments:Equity securities a$1,632 1,632Cash and money market funds1,3981,398Insurance and group annuity contracts25,61125,611Total  - This category represents securities of the respective market sector from diverse industries.Postretirement BenefitsDecember 31, 2014Asset CategoryLevel 1Level 2Level 3TotalThousands of dollarsInvestments:Equity securities a$1,599 1,599Cash and money market funds1,6441,644Insurance and group annuity contracts26,18626,186Total  - This category represents securities of the respective market sector from diverse industries124Table of contentsThe following tables set forth the reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements of our pension plan for our continuing operations for the periods indicated:Pension BenefitsYears Ended December 31,20152014Thousands of dollarsFair value of plan assets at beginning of period$20,230$19,375Net realized and unrealized gains losses36855Fair value of plan assets at end of  2015, we made nocontributions to our defined benefit pension plan and $20 millionin contributions to our postretirement benefit plans. At December31, 2015, we expect to make nocontributions to our defined benefit pension plan and approximately $20 millionin contributions to our postretirement plans in 2016.Pension and Postretirement Benefit Payments- Benefit payments for our pension and postretirement benefit plans for the period ending December 31, 2015, were $126 millionand $44 million, respectively. The following table sets forth the pension benefits and postretirement benefits payments expected to be paid in 2016 through  to be paid in:Thousands of  through 2025$108,878$18,094The expected benefits to be paid are based on the same assumptions used to measure our benefit obligation at December 31, 2015, and include estimated future employee service.Other Employee Benefit Plans401k Plan- We have a 401k Plan covering all employees, and employee contributions are discretionary. We match 100 percentof employee contributions up to 6 percentof each participants eligible compensation, subject to certain limits. Our contributions made to the plan for our continuing operations were $120 million, $93 millionand $84 millionin 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.Profit Sharing Plan- We have a profit-sharing plan Profit Sharing Plan for all employees hired after December 31, 2004. Employees who were employed prior to January 1, 2005, were given a one-time opportunity to make an irrevocable election to participate in the Profit Sharing Plan and not accrue any additional benefits under our defined benefit pension plan after December 31, 2004. We plan to make a contribution to the Profit Sharing Plan each quarter equal to 1 percentof each participants eligible compensation during the quarter. Additional discretionary employer contributions may be made at the end of each year. Employee contributions are not allowed under the plan. Our contributions made to the plan for our continuing operations were $49 million, $46 millionand $34 millionin 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan-The Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan provides select employees, as approved by our Chief Executive Officer, with the option to defer portions of their compensation and provides nonqualified deferred compensation benefits that are not available due to limitations on employer and employee contributions to qualified defined contribution plans under the federal tax laws. Our contributions made to the plan were not material in 2015, 2014 and 2013125Table of contentsO.INCOME TAXESThe following table sets forth our provisions for income taxes for the periods indicated:Years Ended December 31,201520142013Current income taxesThousands of  current income taxes from continuing  income  deferred income taxes from continuing  provision for income taxes from continuing   provision for income  following table is a reconciliation of our income tax provision from continuing operations for the periods indicated:Years Ended December 31,201520142013Thousands of dollarsIncome from continuing operations before income  Net income attributable to noncontrolling  from continuing operations attributable to ONEOK beforeincome  statutory income tax rate35%35%35%Provision for federal income  income taxes, net of federal tax benefit5,80014,27812,102State deferred tax rate change, net of valuation allowance92825,653Other,  tax provision from continuing  of contentsThe following table sets forth the tax effects of temporary differences that gave rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and liabilities for the periods indicated:December 31,2015December 31,2014Deferred tax assetsThousands of dollarsEmployee benefits and other accrued  net operating loss76,80580,851State net operating loss and   deferred tax assets252,405236,829Valuation allowance for state tax creditsCarryforward expected to expire prior to utilization10,2238,807Net deferred tax assets242,182228,022Deferred tax liabilitiesExcess of tax over book  in  assets491,961Total deferred tax  deferred tax liabilities before discontinued  operations18,26535,559Net deferred tax  benefits related to net operating loss NOL carryforwards will begin expiring in 2030. We believe that it is more likely than not that the tax benefits of the net operating loss carryforwards will be utilized prior to their expirations; therefore, no valuation allowance is necessary.Deferred tax assets related to tax benefits of employee share-based compensation have been reduced for performance share units and restricted share units that vested in periods in which ONEOK was in an NOL position. This vesting resulted in tax deductions in excess of previously recorded benefits based on the performance share unit and restricted share unit value at the time of grant. Although these additional tax benefits are reflected in NOL carryforwards in the tax return, the additional tax benefit is not recognized until the deduction reduces taxes payable. A portion of the tax benefit does not reduce ONEOKs current taxes payable due to NOL carryforwards; accordingly, these tax benefits are not reflected in ONEOKs NOLs in deferred tax assets. Cumulative tax benefits included in NOL carryforwards but not reflected in deferred tax assets were $751 millionas of December31, 2015, and $725 millionas of December31, 2014.ONE Gas Separation- ONE Gas was included in our consolidated federal and state income tax returns through the date of the separation. Any changes to the estimated ONE Gas taxes at the separation date will result in a reimbursement between us and ONE Gas under the terms of the tax sharing agreement. We are principally responsible for managing any income tax audits by the various tax jurisdictions for periods prior to the separation.Deferred tax liabilities and deferred income tax expense were reduced by $346 millionin the first quarter 2014 due primarily to a reduction in our estimate of the effective state income tax rate to reflect a change in the mix of taxable income in the states in which we now operate, resulting from the separation of our former natural gas distribution business and the wind down of our energy services business. We also recorded a valuation allowance of $82 millionin the first quarter 2014 for state tax credits as it is more likely than not that we will not be able to utilize these credits as a result of the separation of our former natural gas distribution business and the wind down of our energy services business. Together, these adjustments resulted in a net $264 millionreduction in deferred tax liabilities and deferred income tax expense. 127Table of contentsP.UNCONSOLIDATED AFFILIATESInvestments in Unconsolidated Affiliates- The following table sets forth ONEOK Partners investments in unconsolidated affiliates for the periods  31,2015December 31,2014Thousands of dollarsNorthern Border  Pass Pipeline  in unconsolidated affiliates a$948,221$1,132,653a - Equity-method goodwill Note A was $401 millionand $1709 millionat December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.Equity in Net Earnings from Investments and Impairments-The following table sets forth ONEOK Partners equity in net earnings from investments for the periods indicated:Years Ended December 31,201520142013Thousands of dollarsNorthern Border  Pass Pipeline  in net earnings from  of equity  Affiliates Financial Information- The following tables set forth summarized combined financial information of ONEOK Partners unconsolidated affiliates for the periods indicated:December 31,2015December 31,2014Thousands of dollarsBalance Sheet Current  plant and equipment, net$2,556,559$2,440,714Other noncurrent assets$23,722$35,668Current  debt$425,521$428,385Other noncurrent  other comprehensive loss$5,669$2,063Owners  Ended December 31,201520142013Thousands of dollarsIncome StatementOperating  expenses  income  paid to us$155,918$139,019$137,498a Includes long-lived asset impairment charges in 2015 and 2014.ONEOK Partners incurred expenses in transactions with unconsolidated affiliates of $1047 million, $620 millionand $538 millionfor 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, primarily related to Overland Pass Pipeline Company and Northern Border 128Table of contentsPipeline. Accounts payable to ONEOK Partners equity-method investees at December 31, 2015 and 2014, was $80 millionand $205 million, respectively.Overland Pass Pipeline Company- The Overland Pass Pipeline Company limited liability company agreement provides that distributions to Overland Pass Pipeline Companys members are to be made on a pro rata basis according to each members percentage interest. The Overland Pass Pipeline Company Management Committee determines the amount and timing of such distributions. Any changes to, or suspension of, cash distributions from Overland Pass Pipeline Company requires the unanimous approval of the Overland Pass Pipeline Management Committee. Cash distributions are equal to 100 percentof available cash as defined in the limited liability company agreement. Northern Border Pipeline- The Northern Border Pipeline partnership agreement provides that distributions to Northern Border Pipelines partners are to be made on a pro rata basis according to each partners percentage interest. The Northern Border Pipeline Management Committee determines the amount and timing of such distributions. Any changes to, or suspension of, the cash distribution policy of Northern Border Pipeline requires the unanimous approval of the Northern Border Pipeline Management Committee. Cash distributions are equal to 100 percentof distributable cash flow as determined from Northern Border Pipelines financial statements based upon EBITDA, less interest expense and maintenance capital expenditures. Loans or other advances from Northern Border Pipeline to its partners or affiliates are prohibited under its credit agreement.During 2013, ONEOK Partners made equity contributions to Northern Border Pipeline of $308 million.Roadrunner Gas Transmission- In March 2015, ONEOK Partners entered into a 50-50 joint venture with a subsidiary of Fermaca, a Mexico City-based natural gas infrastructure company, to construct a pipeline to transport natural gas from the Permian Basin in West Texas to the Mexican border near El Paso, Texas. During year ended December 31, 2015, ONEOK Partners contributed approximately $30 millionto Roadrunner.The Roadrunner limited liability agreement provides that distributions to members are made on a pro rata basis according to each members ownership interest. Cash distributions are paid within 45 days following the end of each quarter. Any changes to, or suspension of, the cash distributions from Roadrunner requires approval of the Roadrunner Management Committee. Voting rights for the Roadrunner Management Committee are allocated on a pro rata basis according to each members ownership interest. Cash distributions are equal to 100 percent of available cash, as defined in the limited liability company agreement.Impairment Charges- Crude oil and natural gas producers have primarily focused their development efforts on crude oil and NGL-rich supply basins rather than in areas with dry natural gas production, such as the coal-bed methane production areas in the Powder River Basin. The reduced development activities and production declines in the dry natural gas area of the Powder River Basin have resulted in lower natural gas volumes available to be gathered. Due to the continued and greater than expected decline in volumes gathered in the coal-bed methane area of the Powder River Basin, ONEOK Partners evaluated its assets and investments in this area and determined that it will cease operations of its wholly owned coal-bed methane natural gas gathering system in 2016. Bighorn Gas Gathering, in which ONEOK Partners owns a 49 percentequity interest, and Fort Union Gas Gathering, in which ONEOK Partners owns a 37 percentequity interest, are both partially supplied with volumes from ONEOK Partners wholly owned coal-bed methane natural gas gathering system. ONEOK Partners owns a 35 percentequity interest in Lost Creek Gathering Company, which also is located in a dry natural gas area. ONEOK Partners reviewed its Bighorn Gas Gathering, Fort Union Gas Gathering and Lost Creek Gathering Company equity investments and recorded noncash impairment charges of $1806 millionin the fourth quarter 2015. The remaining net book value of ONEOK Partners equity investments in this dry natural gas area is $350 million. During 2014, Bighorn Gas Gathering recorded an impairment of its underlying assets when the operator determined that the volume decline would be sustained for the foreseeable future. As a result, ONEOK Partners reviewed its equity investment in Bighorn Gas Gathering for impairment and recorded noncash impairment charges of $764 millionin 2014. The 2014 impairment charges have been reclassified in the consolidated financial statements and notes to conform to the current year presentation. There were noimpairments to investments in unconsolidated affiliates in 2013129Table of contentsQ.ONEOK PARTNERSOwnership Interestin ONEOK Partners- Our ownership interest in ONEOK Partners is shown in the table below as of December 31, 2015:General partner interest20%Limited partner interest a392%Total ownership interest412%a - Represents 413 millioncommon units and approximately 730 millionClass B units, which are convertible, at our option, into common units.Equity Issuances - In August 2015, ONEOK Partners completed the sale to us in a private placement of 215 millioncommon units at a price of $3017per unit. Additionally, ONEOK Partners completed a concurrent sale of approximately 33 millioncommon units at a price of $3017per unit to funds managed by Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors in a registered direct offering, which were issued through ONEOK Partners existing at-the-market equity program. The combined offerings generated net cash proceeds of approximately $749 millionto ONEOK Partners. In conjunction with these issuances, ONEOK Partners GP contributed approximately $153 millionin order to maintain our 2 percentgeneral partner interest in ONEOK Partners. ONEOK Partners used the proceeds for general partnership purposes, including capital expenditures and repayment of commercial paper borrowings.ONEOK Partners has an at-the-market equity program for the offer and sale from time to time of its common units, up to an aggregate amount of $650 million. The program allows ONEOK Partners to offer and sell its common units at prices it deems appropriate through a sales agent. Sales of common units are made by means of ordinary brokers transactions on the NYSE, in block transactions or as otherwise agreed to between ONEOK Partners and the sales agent. ONEOK Partners is under no obligation to offer and sell common units under the program. At December31, 2015, ONEOK Partners had approximately $138 millionof registered common units available for issuance through its at-the-market equity program.During the year ended December31, 2015, ONEOK Partners sold 105 millioncommon units through its at-the-market equity program, including the units sold to funds managed by Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors in the offering discussed above. The net proceeds, including ONEOK Partners GPs contribution to maintain our 2 percentgeneral partner interest in ONEOK Partners, were approximately $3816 millionto ONEOK Partners, which were used for general partnership purposes, including repayment of commercial paper borrowings.As a result of these transactions, our aggregate ownership interest in ONEOK Partners increased to 412 percentat December31, 2015, from 378 percentat December31, 2014.In May 2014, ONEOK Partners completed an underwritten public offering of 139 millioncommon units at a public offering price of $5294per common unit, generating net proceeds of approximately $7145 million. In conjunction with this issuance, ONEOK Partners GP contributed approximately $150 millionin order to maintain our 2 percentgeneral partner interest in ONEOK Partners. ONEOK Partners used the proceeds to repay commercial paper, fund its capital expenditures and for general partnership purposes.During the year ended December31, 2014, ONEOK Partners sold 79 millioncommon units through its at-the-market equity program. The net proceeds, including ONEOK Partner GPs contribution to maintain our 2 percentgeneral partner interest in ONEOK Partners, were approximately $4021 millionto ONEOK Partners, which were used for general partnership purposes. In August 2013, ONEOK Partners completed an underwritten public offering of 115 millioncommon units at a public offering price of $4961per common unit, generating net proceeds of approximately $5534 million. In conjunction with this issuance, ONEOK Partners GP contributed approximately $116 millionin order to maintain its 2 percentgeneral partner interest in ONEOK Partners. ONEOK Partners used a portion of the proceeds from its August 2013 equity issuance to repay amounts outstanding under its commercial paper program, and the balance was used for general partnership purposes.During the year ended December31, 2013, ONEOK Partners sold 681,000common units through its at-the-market equity program. The net proceeds, including ONEOK Partners GPs contribution to maintain our 2 percentgeneral partner interest in ONEOK Partners, were approximately $361 millionto ONEOK Partners, which were used for general partnership purposes. We account for the difference between the carrying amount of our investment in ONEOK Partners and the underlying book value arising from issuance of common units by ONEOK Partners as an equity transaction.If ONEOK Partners issues common units at a price different than our carrying value per unit, we account for the premium or deficiency as an adjustment 130Table of contentsto paid-in capital. As a result of ONEOK Partners issuance of common units, we recognized a decrease to paid-in capital of approximately $344 million, net of taxes, in 2015and an increase to paid-in capital of approximately $1561 millionand $873 million, net of taxes, in 2014and 2013, respectively.Cash Distributions- We receive distributions from ONEOK Partners on our common and Class B units and our 2 percent general partner interest, which includes our incentive distribution rights. Under the Partnership Agreement, distributions are made to the partners with respect to each calendar quarter in an amount equal to 100 percent of available cash as defined in the Partnership Agreement. Available cash generally will be distributed 98 percent to limited partners and 2 percent to the general partner. The general partners percentage interest in quarterly distributions is increased after certain specified target levels are met during the quarter. Under the incentive distribution provisions, as set forth in the Partnership Agreement, the general partner receives:15 percent of amounts distributed in excess of $03025 per unit;25 percent of amounts distributed in excess of $03575 per unit; and50 percent of amounts distributed in excess of $04675 per unit.The following table shows ONEOK Partners distributions paid during the periods indicated:Years Ended December 31,201520142013Thousands, except per unit amountsDistribution per unit$316$301$287General partner   to general  partner distributions to  partner distributions to noncontrolling  distributions  Partners distributions are declared and paid within 45 days of the end of each quarter. The following table shows ONEOK Partners distributions declared for the periods indicated:Years Ended December 31,201520142013Thousands, except per unit amountsDistribution per unit$316$307$289General partner   to general  partner distributions to  partner distributions to noncontrolling  distributions  We consolidate ONEOK Partners in our consolidated financial statements; however, we are restricted from the assets and cash flows of ONEOK Partners except for the distributions we receive. Distributions are declared quarterly by ONEOK Partners GP based on the terms of the Partnership Agreement. See Note Sfor more information on ONEOK Partners results.Affiliate Transactions- We provide a variety of services to our affiliates, including cash management and financial services, employee benefits, legal and administrative services by our employees and management, insurance and office space leased in our headquarters building and other field locations. Where costs are incurred specifically on behalf of an affiliate, the costs are billed directly to the affiliate by us. In other situations, the costs may be allocated to the affiliates through a variety of methods, depending upon the nature of the expenses and the activities of the affiliates. Beginning in the second quarter 2014, we allocate substantially all of our general overhead costs to ONEOK Partners as a result of the separation of our natural gas distribution business and the wind down of our energy services business in the first quarter 2014. For the first quarter 2014 and year ended December 31, 2013, it is not practicable to determine what these general overhead costs would be on a stand-alone basis. 131Table of contentsThe following table shows ONEOK Partners transactions with us for the periods indicated:Years Ended December 31,201520142013Thousands of  of sales and fuel$$10,835$37,963Operating   to the ONE Gas separation, ONEOK Partners provided natural gas sales and transportation and storage services to our former natural gas distribution business. Prior to February 1, 2014, these revenues and related costs were eliminated in consolidation. Beginning February 1, 2014, these revenues represent third-party transactions with ONE Gas and are not eliminated in consolidation, as such sales and services have continued subsequent to the separation and are expected to continue in future periods. Prior to the completion of the energy services wind down, ONEOK Partners provided natural gas and natural gas liquids sales and transportation and storage services to our energy services business. While these transactions were eliminated in consolidation in previous periods, they are now reflected as affiliate transactions and not eliminated in consolidation as these transactions have continued with third parties. See Note Bfor additional detail on these revenues.R.COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIESCommitments- Operating leases represent future minimum lease payments under noncancelable leases covering office space and pipeline equipment. Rental expense in 2015, 2014 and 2013was not material. ONEOK and ONEOK Partners have no material operating leases. Firm transportation and storage contracts are fixed-price contracts that provide us with firm transportation and storage capacity. The following table sets forth ONEOK Partners firm transportation and storage contract payments for our continuing operations for the periods  StorageContractsMillions of  Matters and Pipeline Safety- The operation of pipelines, plants and other facilities for the gathering, processing, transportation and storage of natural gas, NGLs, condensate, and other products is subject to numerous and complex laws and regulations pertaining to health, safety and the environment. As an owner and/or operator of these facilities, ONEOK Partners must comply with United States laws and regulations at the federal, state and local levels that relate to air and water quality, hazardous and solid waste management and disposal, and other environmental matters. The cost of planning, designing, constructing and operating pipelines, plants and other facilities must incorporate compliance with environmental laws and regulations and safety standards. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations may trigger a variety of administrative, civil and potentially criminal enforcement measures, including citizen suits, which can include the assessment of monetary penalties, the imposition of remedial requirements and the issuance of injunctions or restrictions on operation. Management believes that, based on currently known information, compliance with these laws and regulations will not have a material adverse effect on our or ONEOK Partners results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.Legal Proceedings- Gas Index Pricing Litigation- As previously reported, ONEOK and its subsidiary, ONEOK Energy Services Company, L.P. OESC, along with several other energy companies, are defending multiple lawsuits arising from alleged market manipulation or false reporting of natural gas prices to natural gas-index publications alleged to have occurred 132Table of contentsprior to 2003. On April 10, 2013, the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit reversed the summary judgments that had been granted in favor of ONEOK, OESC and other unaffiliated defendants in the following cases: Reorganized FLI, Learjet, Arandell, Heartland and NewPage. The Ninth Circuit also reversed the summary judgment that had been granted in favor of OESC on all state law claims asserted in the Sinclaircase. On April 21, 2015, the United States Supreme Court affirmed the decision of the Ninth Circuit. The cases have now been remanded back to the trial court the United States District Court for the District of Nevada for further proceedings.Because of the uncertainty surrounding the Gas Index Pricing Litigation, including an insufficient description of the purported classes and other related matters, we cannot reasonably estimate a range of potential exposures at this time. However, it is reasonably possible that the ultimate resolution of these matters could result in future charges that may be material to our results of operations.Other Legal Proceedings- We and ONEOK Partners are party to various other litigation matters and claims that have arisen in the normal course of our operations. While the results of these various other litigation matters and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, we believe the reasonably possible losses from such matters, individually and in the aggregate, are not material. Additionally, we believe the probable final outcome of such matters will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows.ONE Gas Separation- In connection with the separation of ONE Gas, we entered into a Separation and Distribution Agreement with ONE Gas, which sets forth the agreements between us and ONE Gas regarding the principal transactions necessary to effect the separation, including cross-indemnities between us and ONE Gas. In general, we agreed to indemnify ONE Gas for any liabilities relating to our business following the separation, including ONEOK Partners and our energy services business, and ONE Gas agreed to indemnify us for liabilities relating to the natural gas distribution business. If a liability does not relate to either our remaining business or to ONE Gas, then we and ONE Gas will each be responsible for a portion of such liability. S.SEGMENTSSegment Descriptions- Our reportable business segments are the following:the Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment gathers, treats and processes natural gas;the Natural Gas Liquids segment gathers, treats, fractionates and transports NGLs and stores, markets and distributes NGL products; and the Natural Gas Pipelines segment operates regulated interstate and intrastate natural gas transmission pipelines and natural gas storage facilities. Other and eliminations consist of the operating and leasing operations of our headquarters building and related parking facility and other amounts needed to reconcile our reportable segments to our consolidated financial statements.Accounting Policies- We evaluate performance based principally on each segments operating income and equity in net earnings. The accounting policies of the segments are described in Note A. Intersegment and affiliate sales are recorded on the same basis as sales to unaffiliated customers and are discussed further in Note Q. Revenues from sales and services provided by ONEOK Partners to our former natural gas distribution business prior to the separation and to our former energy services business prior to the completion of the wind down, which were previously eliminated in consolidation, are now reported as sales to affiliated customers for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, and are no longer eliminated in consolidation. Revenues from sales and services provided by ONEOK Partners to our former natural gas distribution business after the separation are reported as sales to unaffiliated customers as these now represent third-party transactions.Customers- The primary customers of the Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment are major and independent crude oil and natural gas production companies. The Natural Gas Liquids segments customers are primarily NGL and natural gas gathering and processing companies, major and independent crude oil and natural gas production companies, propane distributors, ethanol producers and petrochemical, refining and NGL marketing companies. The Natural Gas Pipelines segments customers include natural gas distribution, electric-generation, natural gas marketing, industrial and major and independent crude oil and natural gas production companies.For the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, ONEOK Partners had no single customer from which it received 10 percent or more of our consolidated revenues. 133Table of contentsOperating Segment Information- The following tables set forth certain selected financial information for our operating segments for the periods indicated:Year Ended December 31, 2015Natural GasGathering andProcessingNatural GasLiquids aNatural GasPipelines bOther andEliminations cTotalThousands of dollarsSales to unaffiliated    of sales and fuel exclusive of items shown separately   and  of long-lived assets73,6819,99283,673Gain loss on sale of   in net earnings from  of equity  in unconsolidated   interests in consolidated   - The Natural Gas Liquids segment has regulated and nonregulated operations. The Natural Gas Liquids segments regulated operations had revenues of $9548 million, of which $7701 millionwas related to sales within the segment, cost of sales and fuel of $4126 millionand operating income of $3069 million. b - The Natural Gas Pipelines segment has regulated and nonregulated operations. The Natural Gas Pipelines segments regulated operations had revenues of $2669 million, cost of sales and fuel of $311 millionand operating income of $1037 million. c - Other and Eliminations includes assets of discontinued operations of $190 million. 134Table of contentsYear Ended December 31, 2014Natural GasGathering andProcessingNatural GasLiquids aNatural GasPipelines bOther andEliminations cTotalThousands of dollarsSales to unaffiliated  to affiliated    of sales and fuel exclusive of items shown separately   and  loss on sale of   in net earnings from  of equity  in unconsolidated   interests in consolidated   - The Natural Gas Liquids segment has regulated and nonregulated operations. The Natural Gas Liquids segments regulated operations had revenues of $6959 million, of which $5981 millionwas related to sales within the segment, cost of sales and fuel of $3094 millionand operating income of $1961 million. b - The Natural Gas Pipelines segment has regulated and nonregulated operations. The Natural Gas Pipelines segments regulated operations had revenues of $2900 million, cost of sales and fuel of $477 millionand operating income of $1065 million. c - Other and Eliminations includes assets and capital expenditures of discontinued operations of $367 millionand $239 million, respectively. Year Ended December 31, 2013Natural GasGathering andProcessingNatural GasLiquids aNatural GasPipelines bOther andEliminations cTotalThousands of dollarsSales to unaffiliated  to affiliated    of sales and fuel exclusive of items shown separately   and  loss on sale of   in net earnings from  in unconsolidated   interests in consolidated   - The Natural Gas Liquids segment has regulated and nonregulated operations. The Natural Gas Liquids segments regulated operations had revenues of $5348 million, of which $4499 millionrelated to sales within the segment, cost of sales and fuel of $2074 millionand operating income of $1905 million. b - The Natural Gas Pipelines segment has regulated and nonregulated operations. The Natural Gas Pipelines segments regulated operations had revenues of $2469 million, cost of sales and fuel of $293 millionand operating income of $905 million. c - Other and Eliminations includes assets and capital expenditures of discontinued operations of $44 billionand $2921 million, respectively135Table of contentsT.QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA  Ended December 31, 2015Thousands of dollars except per share amountsTotal revenues  from continuing operations  loss from discontinued operations, net of   income attributable to  per share  $029$036$039$012The fourth quarter 2015 includes noncash impairment charges of $2643 millionrelated to long-lived assets and equity  Ended December 31, 2014Thousands of dollars except per share amountsTotal revenues  from continuing operations  loss from discontinued operations, net of tax $1,774$8,009$171$799Net  income attributable to  per share  $045$029$031$045The third quarter 2014 includes noncash impairment charges of $764 millionrelated to equity investments.Item 1.Business5Item! 1A.Risk Factors22Item 1B.Unresolved Staff Comments40Item 2.Properties41Item 3.Legal Proceedings42Item! 4.Mine Safety Disclosures43Part II.Item 5.CONTROLS AND PROCEDURESEvaluation of Disclosure Controls and ProceduresOur Chief Executive Officer Principal Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report based on the evaluation of the controls and procedures required by Rule 13a-15b of the Exchange Act.Managements Report on Internal Control Over Financial ReportingOur management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15f. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, we evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework 2013issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Because of inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Based on our evaluation under that framework and applicable SEC rules, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2015136Table of contentsThe effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015, has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included herein Item 8.Changes in Internal Control Over Financial ReportingThere have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2015, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.ITEM 9B.OTHER INFORMATIONNot applicable.PART III