Item8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data The financial statements and supplementary financial
information required by this item are set forth in our 2006 Annual Report to Stockholders and are incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K. 
Item1. Business
1
Item1A. Risk Factors
9
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
12
Item 2. Properties
12
Item 3. Legal Proceedings
12
Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
12 PART II 
13 Item 5. Controls and Procedures a Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. Our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have evaluated the effectiveness of the Companys disclosure controls and procedures as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15e under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended the
Exchange Act as of March31, 2006. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of March31, 2006, our disclosure controls and procedures are effective in bringing
to their attention on a timely basis material information relating to the Company including its consolidated subsidiaries required to be included in the Companys periodic filings under the Exchange Act. b Managements Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. The Companys management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15f or 15d-15f under the Exchange Act. The Companys internal control over financial reporting is to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures
that:  Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company;
Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles,
and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and  Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Companys assets that could have a material effect
on the financial statements. The Companys management assessed the effectiveness of the Companys internal control
over financial reporting as of March31, 2006. In making this assessment, the Companys management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework. Based on our assessment and those criteria, management believes that, as of March31, 2006, the Companys internal
control over financial reporting is effective. The audited consolidated financial statements of the Company include the results of
Scottsboro Business Equipment, Inc., acquired on May12, 2005; Image Technology Specialists, Inc., acquired on September28, 2005; Xerographic Solutions, Inc., acquired on November15, 2005; Copier Sales Consultants, Inc., acquired on
December29, 2005; Servco Business Products, Inc., acquired on March10, 2006; and Imaging Concepts of New Mexico, Inc, acquired on March28, 2006, collectively, the Acquisitions. As permitted by the SECs
June23, 2004 implementation guidance to issuers relating to the SECs final rules on internal control over financial reporting, managements assessment does not include an assessment of the internal control over financial reporting
of the Acquisitions. None of these acquisitions is significant. The Companys independent registered public accountants have issued
an audit report on our assessment of the Companys internal control over financial reporting. This report appears below. 
14 Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Certified Public Accounting Firm The Board of Directors and Shareholders Global Imaging Systems, Inc. We have audited managements assessment, included in the accompanying Managements
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, that Global Imaging Systems, Inc. maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of March31, 2006, based on criteria established in Internal ControlIntegrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission the COSO criteria. Global Imaging Systems, Inc.s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for
its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on managements assessment and an opinion on the effectiveness of the companys internal control over financial
reporting based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of
internal control over financial reporting, evaluating managements assessment, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the
circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. A companys internal control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A companys
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that 1pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
company; 2provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 3provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
companys assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. As described in Managements Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, the audited
consolidated financial statements of the Company include the results of Scottsboro Business Equipment, Inc., acquired on May12, 2005; Image Technology Specialists, Inc., acquired on September28, 2005; Xerographic Solutions, Inc.,
acquired on November15, 2005; Copier Sales Consultants, Inc., acquired on December29, 2005; Servco Business Products, Inc., acquired on March10, 2006; and Imaging Concepts of New Mexico, Inc, acquired on March28, 2006,
collectively, the Acquisitions. As permitted by the SECs June23, 2004 implementation guidance to issuers relating to the SECs final rules on internal control over financial reporting, managements assessment does
not include an assessment of the internal control over financial reporting of the Acquisitions. None of these acquisitions is significant. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of the Company also did not include an evaluation of
the internal control over financial reporting of the Acquisitions. In our opinion, managements assessment that Global Imaging Systems, Inc.
maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of March31, 2006, is fairly stated, in all material respects, based on the COSO criteria. Also, in our opinion, Global Imaging Systems, Inc. maintained, in all material
respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of March31, 2006, based on the COSO criteria. 
15 Table of Contents
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States,
the consolidated balance sheets as of March31, 2006 and March31, 2005, and the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended
March31, 2006 of Global Imaging Systems, Inc. and our report dated May24, 2006 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. /s/ Ernst Young LLP Tampa, Florida May24, 2006 
16 Table of Contents
c Changes in internal controls over financial reporting. None. 
Item1. Business
1
Item1A. Risk Factors
9
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
12
Item 2. Properties
12
Item 3. Legal Proceedings
12
Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
12 PART II 
13 Item 5. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant Information about our directors, nominees
for director and executive officers and our Code of Conduct is contained in our Proxy Statement for the 2006 annual meeting of shareholders to be held on August7, 2006 Proxy Statement. This information is incorporated by
reference. Information regarding compliance with Section16a of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 is incorporated by
reference from the section entitled Section 16a Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance of our Proxy Statement. Information regarding audit committee financial experts is incorporated by reference from the section entitled Audit Committee of our Proxy Statement. 
