Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary DataThe Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, the consolidated financial statements and the financial statement schedule that are listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedule are included herein on pages F-1 through F-33.Item1.Business1Item!1A.Risk Factors8Item 1B.Unresolved Staff Comments12Item 2.Properties13Item 3.Legal Proceedings13Item! 4.Mine Safety Disclosures14Part IIItem 5. Controls and ProceduresConclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and ProceduresOur management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15e and 15d-15e under the Exchange Act as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-K. There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of the controls and procedures. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. Based upon this evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-K, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in that they provided reasonable assurance that the information we are required to disclose in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the applicable rules and forms, and that it is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.Managements Report on Internal Control over Financial ReportingOur management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Our management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2013. In making its assessment, management has used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations COSO of the Treadway Commission in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework 1992 framework. Our management concluded that based on its assessment, our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December31, 2013. The Companys internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2013 has been audited by Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their attestation report on the Companys internal control over financial reporting, which is included in this annual report.There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December31, 2013 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.Item 9B. Other InformationNone29Table of ContentsPART IIIItem1.Business1Item!1A.Risk Factors8Item 1B.Unresolved Staff Comments12Item 2.Properties13Item 3.Legal Proceedings13Item! 4.Mine Safety Disclosures14Part IIItem 5. Executive CompensationThe information required by this Item will be provided in accordance with Instruction G3 to Form 10-K no later than April 30, 2014.