Item 8. Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data
The financial statements
required pursuant to this item are filed under PartIV, a1of
this report. The financial statement schedule required under Regulation S-X is
filed under PartIV, a2of this report. 20 Item 1.
Business
1
Item 1A.
Risk Factors
6
Item 1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments
8
Item 2.
Properties
8
Item 3.
Legal
Proceedings
8
Item 4.
Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
8
PARTII
Item 5. Controls
and Procedures
Disclosure Controls
and Procedures
As of April30, 2006,
we evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure
controls and procedures as defined in Rules13a-15eand 15d-15eunder
the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act. Based on
this evaluation, our principal executive and financial officers concluded that,
as of April30, 2006, our disclosure controls and procedures were
effective in providing reasonable assurance that material information required
to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rulesand
forms.
Internal Control
over Financial Reporting
Management of the company is responsible for
establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
for Cutter Buck Inc., as defined in Rules13a-15fand
15d-15fof the Exchange Act. Management has assessed the
effectiveness of the Companys internal control over financial reporting as of April30,
2006, based on the framework established in Internal
Control- Integrated Framework, issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation,
management has concluded that the internal control of Cutter Buck
Inc. over its financial reporting as of April30, 2006, was effective in
providing reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. The independent registered
public accounting firm that audited the financial statements included in this Form10-K
has issued an attestation report, included herein.
There were no changes in our internal control over
financial reporting, as defined in Rules13a-15 and 15d-15 of
the Exchange Act, during our fourth quarter ended April30, 2006, that
have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our
internal control over financial reporting. 21 REPORT OF ERNST
YOUNG LLP,
INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
The Board of Directors and
Shareholders
Cutter Buck Inc.
We have audited managements
assessment included in the accompanying Managements Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting that Cutter Buck Inc. maintained effective
internal control over financial reporting, as of April30, 2006, based on
criteria established in Internal Control-
Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO criteria, Cutter
Buck Inc.s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal
control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of
internal control over financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on managements assessment and an opinion on the effectiveness of the
companys internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.
We conducted our audit in
accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over
financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included
obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting,
evaluating managements assessment, testing and evaluating the design and
operating effectiveness of internal control, and performing such other
procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our
audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
A companys internal
control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. A companys internal control over financial
reporting includes those policies and procedures that 1pertain to the
maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 2provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors
of the company; and 3provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention
or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
companys assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent
limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of
changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or
procedures may deteriorate.
In our opinion, managements
assessment that Cutter Buck Inc. maintained effective internal
control over financial reporting as of April30, 2006, is fairly stated,
in all material respects, based on the COSO criteria. Also, in our opinion, Cutter
Buck Inc. maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over
financial reporting as of April30, 2006, based on the COSO criteria.
We have also audited, in
accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
United States, the consolidated balance sheets of Cutter Buck Inc.
as of April30, 2006 and 2005, and the related consolidated statements of income,
shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended April30, 2006, and our report dated June26, 2006, expressed
an unqualified opinion thereon. s/ Ernst Young LLP
Seattle, Washington
June26, 2006 22 PARTIII
