ITEM 8
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
Independent Auditors' Report
The Board of Directors and Shareholders
Engineering Animation, Inc.
We have audited the accompanying  consolidated balance sheet of
Engineering Animation, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1999, and the
related consolidated  statements of operations,  stockholders' equity and
comprehensive income loss and cash flows for the year then ended. These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated
financial statements based on our audit.
We conducted our audit in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Engineering
Animation, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1999, and the results of
their operations and their cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles.
/s/ KPMG LLP Minneapolis, Minnesota
March 24, 2000                    33             Report of Independent Auditors
The Board of Directors and Shareholders
Engineering Animation, Inc.
We have audited the accompanying  consolidated balance sheet of
Engineering  Animation,  Inc. as of December 31, 1998, and the related
consolidated statements of operations, shareholders' equity, and cash flows for
each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 1998. Our audits also
included the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at 