ITEM 8: FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA  The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to pages 27 through 45 of the Companys 2004 Annual Report to
Stockholders, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 131.  Item 4: SUBMISSION OF MATTERS
TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS  No matters were submitted to a vote of
security holders during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2004. 
7  PART II  Item 5: CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. As required by Rules 13a-15 and
15d-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has evaluated, with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures as of
the end of the period covered by this report. Based on such evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that such disclosure controls and procedures are effective in ensuring that material information relating
to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to the certifying officers by others within the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries during the period covered by this report.  The Company has a Disclosure Review Committee to assist in the quarterly evaluation of the
Companys internal disclosure controls and procedures and in the review of the Companys periodic filings under the Exchange Act. The membership of the Disclosure Review Committee consists of the Companys Chief Executive Officer,
Chief Financial Officer, Controller, General Counsel, Treasurer, Vice President of Sales and Support, Vice President of Human Resources and Business Unit General Managers. This committee is advised by external counsel, particularly on SEC-related
matters. Additionally, other members of the Companys global management team advise the committee with respect to disclosure via a sub-certification process.  The Company believes based on its knowledge that the financial statements and other financial information included in this report fairly
present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report. The Company cannot provide assurance that new problems will not be found in the
future, nor does it expect that its disclosure controls and procedures, or its internal controls, will prevent all errors and all fraud because no system can provide absolute assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of
the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud within ANSYS have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments
in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some person or by collusion of two or more people. The Company is committed to
both a sound internal control environment and to good corporate governance.  From time to time, the Company reviews the disclosure controls and procedures, and may from time to time make changes aimed at enhancing their effectiveness and to ensure that the Companys systems evolve with its business. As of the
end of the period covered by this report, an evaluation was performed of the effectiveness of the design and operation of ANSYS disclosure controls and procedures by the Company. Based on that evaluation, the Company has concluded that its
disclosure controls and procedures are effective.  Report on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting. The Companys management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15f. Under the supervision and
with the participation of the Companys management, including the Companys Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Company has conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting
based upon the Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, the Companys Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that
the Companys internal control over financial reporting was effective at December 31, 2004.  Managements assessment of the effectiveness of the Companys internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31, 2004 has been audited by Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered
public accounting firm. Deloitte Touche LLP has issued an attestation report on the Companys controls over financial reporting. The report is included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K.  Changes in Internal Controls. There were no significant changes in the Companys
internal controls or in other factors that could significantly affect the Companys internal controls over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2004.  Item 4: SUBMISSION OF MATTERS
TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS  No matters were submitted to a vote of
security holders during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2004. 
7  PART II  Item 5: DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT  The information concerning the Companys directors and executive officers required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the Companys 2005 Proxy
Statement and is set forth under Information Regarding Directors and Executive Officers therein.  CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS  The Company has adopted the ANSYS Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which applies to all employees, officers and directors. This Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
meets the requirements of a code of ethics as defined by Item 406 of Regulation S-K and applies to the Companys Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and other employees, as indicated above. This
document also meets certain requirements under the listing standards of Nasdaq. The ANSYS Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is posted on the Companys website at www.ansys.com. The Company intends to disclose on its website any
amendments to its Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, as well as any waivers for executive officers or directors.  