Item8Financial Statements and Supplementary Data We
have included our consolidated financial statements in this annual report starting on pageFS-1. We have provided an index to our consolidated
financial statements on pageFS-1. 
Item 1
BUSINESS 2 Item 1A
RISK FACTORS 12 Item 1B
UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 22 Item 2
PROPERTIES 22 Item 3
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 22 Item 4
MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 22 PART II Item 5ontrols and Procedures     aEvaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our President and Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, we evaluated the effectiveness of
our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. This is done in order to ensure that information the Company is required to disclose in reports that are
filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. 
Based
upon that evaluation, our President and Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of
January3, 2015, because of a material weakness, described below in Management Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 
41 
Table of Contents
Notwithstanding
the material weakness discussed below, management has concluded that the consolidated financial statements included in this form10-K present fairly, in all
material aspects, the Company financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. bEvaluation of Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting During
the year ended January3, 2015, we implemented internal control procedures to address a previously identified material weakness related to income tax accounting and
reporting for income taxes. After completing our testing of the design and operating effectiveness of our control enhancements, we concluded that we have remediated the previously identified material
weakness as of January3, 2015. 
Except
for the remediation noted above and a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting related to the accounting and reporting for non-routine compensation
arrangements for example, share-based compensation discussed below, we have determined that, during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, there were no changes in our internal control over financial
reporting that have affected, or are reasonably likely to affect, materially our internal control over financial reporting.  cManagement Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management,
including our President and Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, we assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on the framework in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework 2013 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
Based
on that assessment, our President and Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles as of January3, 2015 because of a material weakness in internal control described in the second succeeding paragraph. 
A
material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of the company annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
The
Company controls were not sufficiently complete and comprehensive to ensure that our accounting and reporting for non-routine compensation arrangements for example, share-based
compensation were complete and accurate. Specifically, there was inadequate and ineffective analysis and review of the documentation and calculations supporting the Company non-routine compensation
arrangements for example, share-based compensation. Although the amount related to misstatements was corrected in the Company consolidated financial statements, the absence of sufficient controls
creates a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement in the Company annual or interim consolidated financial statements would not be prevented or detected in a timely manner. 
Our
independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst YoungLLP, has issued an audit report on their assessment of our internal control over financial reporting. The
audit report is included herein.  dPlan for Remediation of Material Weakness Management
has initiated a remediation plan which includes the following actions Processes, procedures and controls over compensation arrangements will be reviewed and modified to ensure greater oversight and
transparency. 
42 
Table of Contents We will deploy additional resources to bolster our compensation process to ensure that all concepts and interpretations involving the
accounting for our compensation arrangements have been appropriately considered, documented and implemented.
eImportant Considerations The
effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal control over financial reporting is subject to various inherent limitations, including cost limitations,
judgments used in decision making, assumptions about the likelihood of future events, the soundness of our systems, the possibility of human error, and the risk of fraud. Moreover, projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions and the risk that the degree of compliance with policies or
procedures may deteriorate over time. Because of these limitations, there can be no assurance that any system of disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting will be
successful in preventing all errors or fraud or in making all material information known in a timely manner to the appropriate levels of management. 
43   Table of Contents 
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM    
The Board of Directors and Shareholders of CRA International,Inc.: We
have audited CRA International,Inc. internal control over financial reporting as of January3, 2015, based on criteria established in Internal
ControlIntegrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission 2013 framework the COSO criteria. CRA International,Inc.
management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the
accompanying Management Report on Assessment of Internal Control over Financial Reporting in Item9A. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company internal control over
financial reporting based on our audit. 
We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained
in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the
design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit
provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
A
company internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
that 1pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 2provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 3provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of the company annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The following material weakness has been identified and included in
management assessment. Management has identified a material weakness in internal controls over accounting for non-routine compensation arrangements for example, share-based compensation,
specifically, that these internal controls were not sufficiently complete and comprehensive to ensure that the accounting and reporting for non-routine compensation arrangements for example,
share-based compensation were complete and accurate and that there was inadequate and ineffective analysis and review of the documentation and calculations supporting the Company non-routine
compensation arrangements for example, share-based compensation. 
We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the consolidated balance sheet of CRA InternationalInc.
as of January3, 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income loss, shareholders' equity and cash flows for the year ended January3, 2015. This
material weakness was considered in determining the nature, timing and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the 2014 
44 
Table of Contents
consolidated
financial statements, and this report does not affect our report dated March17, 2015, which expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
In
our opinion, because of the effect of the material weakness described above on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria, CRA InternationalInc. has not
maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of January3, 2015, based on the COSO criteria. 
s/ Ernst YoungLLP Boston, Massachusetts
March17, 2015 
