Item8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data The report of the independent registered public
accounting firm and financial statements are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following information appears in this Annual Report on Form 10-K beginning on page 43: 
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December31, 2013 and 2012 
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  Item1.
Business 4 Item1A.
Risk Factors 12 Item1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments 19 Item2.
Properties 19 Item3.
Legal Proceedings 19 Item4.
Mine Safety Disclosures 20 Part II Item5.
Controls and Procedures The certifications of our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer in accordance with Rule 13a-14a under the Exchange Act are attached as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The disclosures set forth in this Item9A contain information concerning the evaluation of our disclosure
controls and procedures, and changes in our internal control over financial reporting referred to in paragraph 4 of such certifications. Such certifications should be read in conjunction with this Item9A for a more complete understanding of
the matters covered by the certifications. a Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures 
We maintain disclosure controls and procedures as such term is defined in Rules13a-15e and 15d-15e under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the
Securities and Exchange Commissions rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer as appropriate, to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, our management recognizes that any controls and
procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and our management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of
possible controls and procedures. Furthermore, our controls and procedures can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of the control and misstatements due to error or
fraud may occur and not be detected on a timely basis. An evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of our management,
including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form10-K. Based on this evaluation, our management
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level as of the end of the period covered by this report. 
b Managements annual report on internal control over financial reporting 
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for our Company. Internal control over
financial reporting is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America. Internal control over financial reporting includes maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; providing reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary
for preparation of our financial statements; providing reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures of our assets are made in accordance with managements authorization; and providing reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition,
use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements would be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Because of its inherent 
35 Table of Contents
limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our financial statements would be prevented or detected. Furthermore,
our controls and procedures can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of the control and misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected on a timely
basis. Management conducted its evaluation of the effectiveness of our companys internal controls over financial reporting based on the framework
in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 1992 and concluded that our Companys internal control over financial reporting was effective as of
December31, 2013. In conducting the Companys evaluation of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting, management
determined that the internal control systems of Relume Technologies, Inc. and Tri-State DE LLC, wholly owned subsidiaries acquired on August22, 2013 and November15, 2013, respectively, would be excluded from its internal control
assessment, as permitted by guidance issued by the Securities and Exchange Commission. Accordingly, as of and for the year ended December31, 2013, internal control systems underlying to approximately 24% of consolidated revenues and 14% of
consolidated assets have been excluded from managements evaluation of internal control over financial reporting. The effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting as of December31, 2013 has been audited by McGladrey LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their attestation report, which is included below in Item9A in this Annual Report.
c Changes in internal controls There was no change in
our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December31, 2013 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting except as described
below. On December20, 2012, the Company completed the acquisition of Seesmart Technologies, Inc., a company not required to file reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission. At the date of the acquisition, Seesmart had not prepared
audited financial statements for 2010 and 2011 or interim financial statements for the nine months ended September30, 2012. Company management recognized that the internal controls over financial reporting as they related to separate financial
statements of Seesmart were inadequate. Accordingly, subsequent to the acquisition, management immediately implemented an action plan by assessing the Companys and Seesmarts financial accounting resources, hiring an experienced CFO for
the Company, engaging an accounting expert, and adding outside resources to assist internal resources from the Company and Seesmart. In addition, the Company hired a controller for Seesmart who assumed his responsibilities on April8, 2013 and
hired additional accounting resources. Finally, as part of its 2013 evaluation of internal controls over financial reporting, the Company engaged outside consultants to assist with an assessment of internal controls, develop a remediation plan to
address deficiencies including material weaknesses, implement the plan and test internal controls. These actions and related internal control processes were implemented during 2013 fiscal year and completed and tested in the fourth quarter. 
36 Table of Contents
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
To the Board of Directors and Stockholders Revolution Lighting
Technologies, Inc. We have audited Revolution Lighting Technologies, Inc. and subsidiaries the Company internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2013, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 1992. The Companys management
is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Managements Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the companys internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial
reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we
considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. As described in Managements
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A, management has excluded Relume Technologies, Inc. and Tri-State DE LLC from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013, because
they were acquired by the Company in purchase business combinations in the second half of 2013. We have also excluded Relume Technologies, Inc. and Tri-State DE LLC from our audit of internal control over financial reporting. Relume Technologies,
Inc. and Tri-State DE LLC are wholly owned subsidiaries whose revenues and total assets excluding goodwill and identifiable intangible assets of 34% represent approximately 24% and 14%, respectively, of the related consolidated financial statement
amounts as of and for the year ended December 31, 2013. A companys internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A companys internal control over financial
reporting includes those policies and procedures that a pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; b provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in
accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and c provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the companys assets that could
have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or
detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or
procedures may deteriorate. In our opinion, Revolution Lighting Technologies, Inc. maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2013, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 1992. 
We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the balance sheets of the Company as
of December 31, 2013 and 2012, and the related statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2013, and our report dated March 13, 2014 expressed an unqualified
opinion. /s/ McGladrey LLP Stamford, Connecticut 
March 13, 2014 
37 Table of Contents 