ITEM 8B. OTHER INFORMATION
BOARD APPOINTMENTS AND RESIGNATIONS
On August 30, 2005, Leigh Coleman, a director of the Company, resigned effective
August 18, 2005. There were no disputes with the Company.
The Board of Directors appointed Jonathan Leinwand to the Board of Directors
effective August 18, 2005. Mr. Leinwand is also our general counsel.
On September 16, 2005, the Company named Sir Christopher Meyer, KCMG, as
Chairman of its Board of Directors. The appointment of Sir Christopher, 61,
increased the number of independent Directors to three among a total of seven
Board members.
On October 7, 2005, Przemyslaw Kostro resigned as a director of the Company. Mr.
Kostro had no disputes with the Company.
On November 29, 2005, Mr. J. Randolph Dumas was appointed to the position of
Executive Vice Chairman and Director. In this new function, Mr. Dumas will be
expanding on his previous role as a joint venture partner in Sanswire Europe.
On December 8, 2005, Ms. Laina Raveendran Greene, a director of the Company,
resigned her position on the Board of Directors effectively immediately, for
personal reasons. Ms. Greene had no disputes with the Company.
On January 5, 2006, the Company announced the appointment of Michael P.
Castellano to the Board of Directors. As an independent director, Mr. Castellano
will fulfill the role as Chairman of GlobeTel Audit Committee as a qualified
financial expert under Sarbanes-Oxley. He will also serve on GlobeTel
Compensation and Nominating Committees.
On January 11, 2006, the Company announced the appointment of Dorian B. Klein to
its Board of Directors. Mr. Klein also serves on GlobeTel Audit, Compensation
and Nominating Committees.
On February 17, 2006, the Company announced that Sir Christopher Meyer, its
Non-Executive Chairman, had requested a change in his status, effective March
19, 2006, to that of an Independent Director. As a result of his current
professional obligations and commitments in the U.K., Sir Christopher had
advised the Board that he felt unable to commit the time to the Chairmanship of
GlobeTel that the company shareholders had the right to expect.                    70
On March 20, 2006, Sir Christopher Meyer elected to step down completely from
GlobeTel Board, after further considering the time that he had available to
devote to the Company.
On March 23, 2006, the Company announced that J. Randolph Dumas, Vice Chairman,
has been elected Chairman of the Board of Directors, succeeding Sir Christopher
Meyer, who remains with the Company as Chairman of the GlobeTel International
Advisory Board.                   PART III
