ITEM 8.FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA    
The financial statements and supplementary financial information required to be filed under this Item8 are presented on
pagesF-1 through F-46 in PartIV,  of this Form10-K and are incorporated herein by reference. 
Item1.  Business 1 Item1A.  Risk Factors 10 Item1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments 19 Item2.  Properties 19 Item3.  Legal Proceedings 20 Item4.  Mine Safety Disclosures 20  PARTII Item5.CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES     Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have each reviewed and evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls
and procedures as defined in Rules13a-15e and 15d-15e of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended the Exchange Act. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer have each concluded that our current disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form10-K. Disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the
time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms, and include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in such reports is accumulated and communicated to
our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
47 
Table of Contents Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in
Rule13a-15f and 15-f under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based
on the criteria set forth in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission 2013 framework. 
Management
assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting did not include the operations resulting from the acquisition of Iris, which
was acquired on April30, 2015 and are included in the 2015 consolidated financial statements. We did not have the practical ability to perform an assessment of Iris' internal controls in time
for the year ended December31, 2015. Iris constituted 17% and 5% of total assets and total revenues, respectively, as of and for the year ended December31, 2015. 
Based
on the assessment, management has concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December31, 2015. Our independent registered public
accounting firm, Deloitte Touche LLP, has issued an audit report with respect to our internal control over financial reporting, which appears in PartII, Item9A of this report
on Form10-K. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
Management, together with our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the changes in our internal control over
financial reporting during the quarter ended December31, 2015. We determined that there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended
December31, 2015 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
48  Table of Contents 
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM    
To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders of
Epiq Systems, Inc.
Kansas City, Kansas 
We
have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Epiq Systems, Inc. and subsidiaries the Company as of December31, 2015, based on criteria established in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework
2013 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. As described in
Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, management excluded from its assessment the internal control over financial
reporting at Iris Data Services, Inc., which was acquired on April30, 2015 and whose financial statements constitute 17% and 5% of total assets and revenues, respectively, of the consolidated
financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended December31, 2015. Accordingly, our audit did not include the internal control over financial reporting at Iris Data Services, Inc. The
Company management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting,
included in the accompanying Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company internal control over financial reporting
based on our audit. 
We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and
performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. A
company internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the company principal executive and principal financial officers, or
persons performing similar functions, and effected by the company board of directors, management, and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company internal control over financial reporting includes those
policies and procedures that 1pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company;
2provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that
receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 3provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
Because
of the inherent limitations of internal control over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material
misstatements due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting to
future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
In
our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2015, based on the criteria established in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework
2013 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
49 
Table of Contents
We
have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the consolidated financial statements and financial statement
schedule as of and for the year ended December31, 2015 of the Company and our report dated March1, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements and financial
statement schedule. s/
DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 
Kansas
City, Missouri
March1, 2016 
50  Table of Contents 
Item1.  Business 1 Item1A.  Risk Factors 10 Item1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments 19 Item2.  Properties 19 Item3.  Legal Proceedings 20 Item4.  Mine Safety Disclosures 20  PARTII Item5.DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE    
Incorporated by reference to the sections entitled Election of Directors Proposal No1, Executive Officers, Corporate
Governance and Stock Ownership InformationSection16a Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance of our Proxy Statement for our 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120days after the close of the year ended December31, 2015. 
