Item8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. The consolidated financial statements and supplementary data of the
Company and the report of the independent registered public accounting firm thereon set forth on pages F-1 through F-41 herein are incorporated herein by reference.  
Item1. Business 
1 Risk Factors 
30 Item2. Properties 
38 Item3. Legal Proceedings 
38 Item4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 
40 PartII  Item5. Controls and Procedures.  Evaluation of
Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls
and procedures as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15e or 15d-15e under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report, that ensure that information relating to us which is required
to be disclosed in this report is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within required time periods. Based on this evaluation, as a result of the material weakness discussed below, they have concluded as of July31, 2005, our
disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective and were not designed to ensure that material information relating to IDT would be made known to them by others within IDT, as a result of our controls and procedures. 
76 Table of Contents
During the audit of our financial statements as of July31, 2005 and for the year then ended, errors were discovered
in our accrual for income taxes related to the first quarter of fiscal 2004. Accordingly, we restated our financial statements for the first quarter and fiscal year 2004 to decrease our deferred tax liability by $368 million, with a corresponding
increase in benefit from income taxes. As a result, reported net loss for the year ended July31, 2004 decreased from $957 million to $589 million, and reported net loss per share decreased from $109 per share to $067 per share. The
overstatement was the result of a deficiency in our internal controls and procedures related to the calculation of our tax provision and deferred income tax balances in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly,
management has concluded that this deficiency in internal control over financial reporting which resulted in a restatement is a material weakness. A material weakness is a control deficiency, or combination of control deficiencies, that results in a
more than remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements would not be prevented or detected. Management has discussed this material weakness with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. Currently,
we are not aware of any material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, other than as described above.  Changes in Internal Controls There were no changes to our internal control over
financial reporting during our last fiscal quarter ended July31, 2005, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  To remediate the material weakness related to income taxes as described above, we will
implement more stringent levels of review of the tax provision and related tax liabilities, and have already added additional staff to our tax department. In addition, we plan to perform additional tax account reconciliations to enhance our analysis
of our tax provision. We also plan to expand the scope of work of the outside tax consulting firm that we used during fiscal 2005 to review our quarterly and annual income tax provisions and related tax liabilities. We believe that these measures
should be adequate to address the material weakness that existed at July31, 2005, in the determination of our income tax provision and related tax liabilities. We will continue to evaluate and monitor our efforts to remediate the material
weakness and will take all appropriate action when and as necessary to ensure we have effective internal controls over financial reporting.  Managements report on internal control over financial reporting and the attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm is included in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K on pages 85 and 86 and is incorporated herein by reference.  Item1. Business 
1 Risk Factors 
30 Item2. Properties 
38 Item3. Legal Proceedings 
38 Item4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 
40 PartII  Item5. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant. The information required by this Item will be contained in
the Companys Proxy Statement for its Annual Stockholders Meeting, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after July31, 2005, and which is incorporated by reference herein.  We make available free of charge through the investor relations page of our Web site
www.idt.net/ir our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports, and all beneficial ownership reports on Forms 3, 4 and 5 filed by directors, officers and
beneficial owners of more than 10% of our equity, as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are electronically filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We have adopted codes of business conduct and ethics for all of our
employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. Copies of the codes of business conduct and ethics are available on our Web site.  Our Web site and the information contained therein or incorporated therein are not intended
to be incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or our other filings with the SEC. 
77 Table of Contents
