ITEM8.FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA     The consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto are included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form10-K. The
consolidated balance sheets are as of December31, 2004 and 2003, and the consolidated statements of income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows are for each of the years ended
December31, 2004, 2003, and 2002: 
Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, pageF-1. 
Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Financial Statements, pageF-3. 
Consolidated
Balance Sheets as of December31, 2004 and 2003, pageF-4. 
Consolidated
Statements of Income for the Years Ended December31, 2004, 2003, and 2002, pageF-5. 
Consolidated
Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the Years Ended December31, 2004, 2003, 2002, pageF-6. 
Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December31, 2004, 2003, and 2002, pageF-7. 
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements, pageF-8 
See
Note20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for Selected Quarterly Financial Data unaudited, pageF-47. 
74 
Item 1.
BUSINESS
3 Item 2.
PROPERTIES
30 Item 3.
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
30 Item 4.
SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS
34 PART II 35 Item 5.CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES     Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
We completed an evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this Report under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule13a-15b of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, because we were required to restate our financial
statements as a result of the change in revenue recognition policy described below, a material weakness existed in our internal control over financial reporting as of the date of this Report and, to
this extent, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective
to provide reasonable assurance that ithe information required to be disclosed by us in this Report was recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the
SEC rules and forms, and iiinformation required to be disclosed by us in our reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including our principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
Except for the changes in connection with the remediation subsequent to December31, 2004 of the material weakness described below, and the modification of
our allowance for doubtful accounts estimation methodology, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December31, 2004 that
have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially effect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
Scope of Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  With the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, our management carried out an evaluation and assessed the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2004. The framework on which such evaluation was based is contained in the report entitled Internal ControlIntegrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO Report. 
An
internal control significant deficiency is a control deficiency, or combination of control deficiencies, that adversely affects a company ability to initiate, authorize, record,
process, or report external financial data reliably in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles such that there is more than a remote likelihood that a misstatement of the company
annual or interim financial statements that is more than inconsequential will not be prevented or detected. An internal control material weakness is a significant deficiency, or combination of
significant deficiencies, that results in more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected. 
Inherent Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls 
Our management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control
system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control 
75  system
are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of
the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all
control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our company have been detected. These
inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be
circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Projections of any
evaluation of controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance
with policies or procedures. 
Finding of Material Weakness 
In connection with reviewing our financial results for the fourth quarter of 2004, our management reviewed and discussed with the Audit Committee of the Board of
Directors and with Ernst Young LLP, our independent auditors, the accounting treatment related to the recognition of tuition revenue with respect to our Culinary and Health Education programs
with externships. In connection with these discussions, and following consultation with our independent auditors, we determined it was necessary to restate the previously issued financial statements
for the periods 2000 through 2004 to correct for certain errors in such financial statements. Culinary and Health Education externships are required to be taken at the end of certain academic
programs, following the conclusion of in-school instruction, in order to satisfy graduation requirements. The restatement consists of adjustments necessary to reflect the recognition of
tuition revenue through the end of the student externship period, as opposed to the prior practice of recognizing revenue only over the period of in-school academic instruction. Revenue
recognition in the financial statements requires procedures and controls to ensure that all of a company revenue arrangements are analyzed, recorded, and monitored in the context of authoritative
accounting guidance such that revenue is recognized in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. In management opinion, our procedures and controls in this area were considered to be
inadequate, and this deficiency was considered to represent a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting. The
change in our revenue recognition policy with respect to Culinary and Health Education programs with externships resulted in a reduction of revenue during 2004 of approximately
$115million and a reduction of net income during 2004 of approximately $69million, or $007 per diluted share. This revenue will be earned and recognized in subsequent periods net of
student refunds. 
Additionally,
prior period financial statements and the related notes thereto presented herein have been restated to reflect the impact of the change in our revenue recognition policy.
The effect of the change on 2003 net income was a reduction of $64million, or $007 per diluted share. The effect of the change on 2002 net income was a reduction of $57million, or
$006 per diluted share. 
Management Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules13a-15f
under the Exchange Act to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. 
76  Based
upon the evaluation under the framework contained in the COSO Report, and due to the material weakness described in the first paragraph under Finding of Material Weakness,
management concluded that, as of December31, 2004, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective. 
Ernst
YoungLLP, the Company independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an attestation report on management assessment of the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting. This attestation report is included on pageF-1 of this Annual Report on Form10-K. 
Remediation Steps to Address Material Weakness 
Our management has implemented the following remediation steps to address the material weakness described in the first paragraph under Finding of Material
Weakness: We
have revised our revenue recognition policy for Culinary and Health Education programs with externships to recognize revenue on a straight-line basis over the
length of the program, including the applicable externship periods.
Previously
issued financial statements for the periods 2000 through 2004 were restated to correct for certain errors related to the revenue recognition policy change.
Management
has conducted a thorough analysis of all revenue recognition policies to ensure they are proper, consistent at all campuses, and in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles.
Our
student information system is being updated to reflect the change in the revenue recognition policy with respect to Culinary and Health Education programs with
externships.  
Item 1.
BUSINESS
3 Item 2.
PROPERTIES
30 Item 3.
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
30 Item 4.
SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS
34 PART II 35 Item 5.DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT    
Directors and Executive Officers 
The information in response to this item is incorporated by reference from the sections captioned PROPOSAL NO1ELECTION OF DIRECTORS and
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS of the definitive Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with our 2005 Annual Meeting of Stockholders the 2005 Proxy Statement. Code of Ethics 
We have adopted a code of ethics that applies to all of our executive officers and senior financial officers including our chief executive officer, chief
financial officer, chief accounting officer, controller, and any person performing similar functions. The Code of Ethics is available on our website at www.careered.com under the caption Investor
Relations. 
