Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  The financial statements and supplementary financial information required by this item are set forth in our 2005 Annual Report to Stockholders and are incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K.  
Item 1. Business
1
Item 2. Properties
12
Item 3. Legal Proceedings
12
Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
12 
PART II
13 
Item 5. Controls and Procedures  a Disclosure controls and procedures. We maintain disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that we are able to collect and record the information we are required to disclose in the reports we file with the Securities and
Exchange Commission SEC, and to process, summarize and disclose this information within the time periods specified in the rules of the SEC. Based on their evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, the chief executive
officer and chief financial officer believe that these controls and procedures were effective, as of the end of the period covered by this report, to ensure that we are able to collect, process and disclose the information we are required to
disclose in the reports we file with the SEC within the required time periods.  b Managements Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. The Companys management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting.
Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15f or 15d-15f promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as a process designed by, or under the supervision of our principal executive and principal financial officers
and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that:  Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company;
Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles,
and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and  Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Companys assets that could have a material effect
on the financial statements.  Because of its
inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  The Companys management assessed the effectiveness of the Companys internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2005. In making
this assessment, the Companys management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated Framework.  Based on our assessment, management believes that, as of March 31, 2005, the
Companys internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria.  The audited consolidated financial statements of the Company include the results of Imagine Technology Group, acquired on May 10, 2004; Kelley Office Systems, Inc., acquired on August 24, 2004; Image Manufacturing,
Inc., acquired on September 24, 2004; Stewart Industries, acquired on November 12, 2004; Copy Systems, Inc., acquired on November 30, 2004; and W.I. McKendree Company, acquired on February 17, 2005 collectively, the Acquisitions. As
permitted by the SECs June 23, 2004 implementation guidance to issuers relating to the SECs final rules on internal control over financial reporting, managements assessment does not include an assessment of the internal control
over financial reporting of the Acquisitions.  Imagine
Technology Group ITG was included in the 2005 consolidated financial statements of the Company and represented $1586 million of total assets including $1265 million of intangible assets and $78 million of net assets as of March 31, 2005. ITG
also represented $1078 million of revenues and $78 million of net income for the year ended March 31, 2005. None of the other acquisitions is significant. 
14 Table of Contents
The Companys independent registered public accountants have issued an audit report on our
assessment of the Companys internal control over financial reporting. This report appears below. 
15 Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Certified Public Accounting Firm  The Board of Directors and Shareholders Global Imaging Systems, Inc.  We have audited managements assessment, included in the accompanying Managements Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, that Global Imaging Systems, Inc. maintained effective internal
control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2005, based on criteria established in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission the COSO criteria. Global Imaging
Systems, Inc.s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on managements assessment and an opinion on the effectiveness of the companys internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.  We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting,
evaluating managements assessment, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a
reasonable basis for our opinion.  A companys internal control over
financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
A companys internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that 1 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
assets of the company; 2 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the
company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 3 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
companys assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.  Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  As described in Managements Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company include the
results of Imagine Technology Group, acquired on May 10, 2004; Kelley Office Systems, Inc., acquired on August 24, 2004; Image Manufacturing, Inc., acquired on September 24, 2004; Stewart Industries, acquired on November 12, 2004; Copy Systems,
Inc., acquired on November 30, 2004; and W.I. McKendree Company, acquired on February 17, 2005 collectively, the Acquisitions. As permitted by the SECs June 23, 2004 implementation guidance to issuers related to the SECs
final rules on internal control over financial reporting, managements assessment does not include an assessment of the internal control over financial reporting of the Acquisitions. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of the
Company also did not include an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of the Acquisitions.  Imagine Technology Group ITG was included in the 2005 consolidated financial statements of the Company and represented $1586 million of total assets including $1265
million of intangible assets and $78 million of net assets as of March 31, 2005. ITG also represented $1078 million of revenues and $78 million of net income for the year ended March 31, 2005. None of the other acquisitions is significant.
In our opinion, managements assessment that Global Imaging Systems, Inc.
maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2005, is fairly stated, in all material respects, based on the COSO criteria. Also, in our opinion, Global Imaging Systems, Inc. maintained, in all material respects,
effective internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2005, based on the COSO criteria. 
16 Table of Contents
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States,
the consolidated balance sheets as of March 31, 2005 and March 31, 2004, and the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended March 31, 2005 of
Global Imaging Systems, Inc. and our report dated May 25, 2005 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.  /s/ Ernst Young LLP  Tampa, Florida May 25, 2005 
17 Table of Contents
Item 1. Business
1
Item 2. Properties
12
Item 3. Legal Proceedings
12
Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
12 
PART II
13 
Item 5. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant  Information about our directors, nominees for director and executive officers and our Code of Conduct is contained in our Proxy Statement for the 2005 annual meeting of shareholders to be held on August 8, 2005
Proxy Statement. This information is incorporated by reference.  Information regarding compliance with Section 16a of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 is incorporated by reference from the section entitled Section 16a Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance
of our Proxy Statement.  Information regarding audit committee
financial experts is incorporated by reference from the section entitled Audit Committee of our Proxy Statement.  
