Item 8. Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data
Our financial statements,
together with related notes and report of Ernst Young LLP,
independent registered public accounting firm, are listed in aand
included herein.
Item 1.
Business
3
Item 2.
Properties
29
Item 3.
Legal
Proceedings
29
Item 4.
Submission of
Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
29
PARTII
Item 5. Controls
and Procedures
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls
and Procedures. Our chief executive officer and chief
financial officer are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures as defined in rulespromulgated under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended for our company. Based on their
evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December31,
2004, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that
our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December31,
2004.
Changes in Internal Control over
Financial Reporting. There were no significant changes
in our internal control over financial reporting during the period covered by
this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 39 Limitations on the Effectiveness of
Controls. A control system, no matter how well
conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance
that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of the inherent
limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide
absolute assurance that all control issues, if any, within a company have been
detected. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide
reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and the chief executive
officer and chief financial officer have concluded that these controls and
procedures are effective at the reasonable assurance level.
Certain information
required by Items 308a and b of Regulation S-K has been omitted pursuant to
SEC Release No. 34-50754. The omitted information will be filed by amendment to
this annual report on Form 10-K within 45 days of March 16, 2005.
