Item8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. The risks and uncertainties management describes below are the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not
presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also adversely affect our business. Risks Related to Our Business
We expect to incur a net loss for fiscal 2011. If we are unable to generate significant product and licensing revenue
in the future, we may never achieve profitability. We have experienced significant operating losses each
year since our inception and we expect to incur a net loss for fiscal year 2011. Our losses have resulted principally from costs incurred in research and development, sales and marketing, litigation, and general and administrative costs associated
with our operations, bankruptcy under Chapter 11 and test development. Our ability to commercialize OVA1 and other
potential diagnostic tests is heavily dependent on our strategic alliance with Quest Diagnostics. Quest
Diagnostics has an exclusive license to offer OVA1 as a clinical laboratory test in the US, Mexico, Britain and India through September11, 2014, which may be extended for an additional year beyond September11, 2014. In addition, Quest
Diagnostics is expected to have a similar exclusive license with respect to our VASCLIR test for a three year period following clearance by the FDA, as well as with respect to one additional test developed by us, if and to the extent, Quest
Diagnostics exercises its development option with respect to any such test on or before October7, 2012. Consequently, our ability to generate revenue from these tests in these regions is heavily dependent on Quest Diagnostics and its ability
to market and offer these tests in its clinical laboratories. 
16 Table of Contents
We expect that for the foreseeable future nearly all of our revenue will be derived from
Quest Diagnostics and will depend on the number of OVA1 tests performed by Quest Diagnostics and the reimbursement rate for performing those tests, which are outside of our control. 
We expect that nearly all of our revenues for the foreseeable future will be derived through our strategic partnership
with Quest Diagnostics and will be based on the number of OVA1 tests performed by Quest Diagnostics and the reimbursement rate received by Quest Diagnostics for those tests. On November10, 2010, we entered into an Amendment No4 to our
Strategic Alliance Agreement with Quest Diagnostics the Amendment No4. Under the terms of the Amendment, we are to be paid $50 for each OVA1 performed by Quest Diagnostics, as well as a 33% royalty of Quest Diagnostics
gross margin from performing OVA1. Amendment No4 provides for a monthly payment by Quest Diagnostics to us based on Quest Diagnostics average reimbursement per OVA1 in the previous month. Under the terms of Amendment No4, royalty
portion of our revenue is subject to adjustment, either up or down, on an annual basis within 60 days of end of each calendar year based on Quest Diagnostics actual reimbursement history for that calendar year. To the extent Quest Diagnostics
is not reimbursed, is reimbursed at a lower than expected rate, or has reimbursement claims rejected, the royalty amounts owed to us would be reduced. Any amounts owed by us to Quest Diagnostics will be deducted against payments owed to us in future
periods. The number of tests performed by Quest Diagnostics and the amount of reimbursements received by Quest Diagnostics in any given period will be largely outside of our control. If Quest Diagnostics were to perform fewer tests or receive less
reimbursement per test than expected, it could have a material adverse effect on our revenue and results of operations. 
How we will recognize future revenue under the Quest Diagnostics Strategic Alliance Agreement remains uncertain and is likely to
change, which could affect our revenue in future periods. As described in detail above, Amendment
No4 changed the structure and calculation of the payment to be received by us from Quest Diagnostics relating to OVA1. Given our limited commercialization history with OVA1, our lack of experience with the new payment terms contained in
Amendment No4 and our inability to know or control Quest Diagnostics reimbursement rates for OVA1, it may be difficult for us to estimate the amount of the future royalties and the size of any year-end adjustment. It is likely that we
will be unable to recognize some or all of the revenue from the royalty payments to be received from Quest Diagnostics until we are better able to estimate the final royalty payment amounts and the magnitude and effect of the annual recalculation
and adjustment mechanism. Accordingly, the amount of revenue we will be able to recognize in any quarter could vary significantly, and the method used to calculate that revenue could be subject to change. 
Failures to reimburse OVA1 or changes in reimbursement rates by third party payers and variances in reimbursement rates could
materially and adversely affect our revenues and could result in significant fluctuations in our revenues. 
A significant portion of our revenues are dependent on the amount Quest Diagnostics receives from third party payers for
performing OVA1. Insurance coverage and reimbursement rates for diagnostic tests are uncertain, subject to change and particularly volatile during the early stages of a newly commercialized diagnostic test. OVA1 was commercially launched in March of
2010. There remain questions as to what extent third party payers, like Medicare, Medicaid and private insurance companies will provide coverage for OVA1 and for which indications. Quest Diagnostics will likely experience volatility in the coverage
and reimbursement of OVA1 due to contract negotiation with third party payers and implementation requirements. Quest Diagnostics has advised us that the reimbursement amounts it has received from third party payers varies from payer to payer, and,
in some cases, the variation is material. Third party payers, including private insurance companies as well as government payers such as Medicare and Medicaid, have increased their efforts to control the cost, utilization and delivery of healthcare
services. These measures have resulted in reduced payment rates and decreased utilization for the diagnostic test industry. From time to time, Congress has considered and implemented changes to the Medicare fee schedules in conjunction with
budgetary legislation, and pricing for tests covered by Medicare is subject to change at any time. Reductions in the reimbursement rate of payers may occur in the future. Reductions in the price at which OVA1 is reimbursed could have a material
adverse effect on our 
17 Table of Contents
revenues. If we and Quest Diagnostics working collaboratively are unable to establish and maintain broad coverage and reimbursement for OVA1 or if third party payers change their coverage or
reimbursement policies with respect to OVA1, our revenues could be materially and adversely affected. We may need to raise
additional capital in the future beyond what we have raised in a follow-on public offering on February18, 2011, and if we are unable to secure adequate funds on terms acceptable to us, we may be unable to execute our business plan.
On February18, 2011, we completed a follow-on public offering of our common stock in which we issued
an additional 4million shares and raised $202 million in net proceeds. We believe that our current cash resources will be sufficient to meet our anticipated needs for at least the next twelve months. However, we may need to raise additional
capital beyond what we have raised in the follow-on public offering in order to develop new or enhanced products or services, increase our efforts to discover biomarkers and develop them into diagnostic products, or acquire complementary products,
businesses or technologies. We may seek to raise additional capital beyond what we have raised in the follow-on offering through the issuance of equity or debt securities, or a combination thereof, in the public or private markets, or through a
collaborative arrangement or sale of assets. Additional financing opportunities may not be available to us, or if available, may not be on favorable terms. The availability of financing opportunities will depend, in part, on market conditions, and
the outlook for our business. Any future issuance of equity securities or securities convertible into equity could result in substantial dilution to our stockholders, and the securities issued in such a financing may have rights, preferences or
privileges senior to those of our common stock. If we raise additional funds by issuing debt, we may be subject to limitations on our operations, through debt covenants or other restrictions. If we obtain additional funds through arrangements with
collaborators or strategic partners, we may be required to relinquish rights to certain technologies or products that we might otherwise seek to retain. If adequate and acceptable financing is not available to us at the time that we seek to raise
additional capital, our ability to execute our business plan successfully may be negatively impacted. Leverage and debt
service obligations may adversely affect our consolidated cash flows. As of December31, 2010, we had
$5,000,000 of outstanding principal of our 700% Convertible Senior Notes due 2011 the 700% Notes and $7,000,000 outstanding under our secured line of credit with Quest Diagnostics. 
Quest Diagnostics provided us with a $10,000,000 secured line of credit, which was forgivable based upon the achievement
of certain milestones related to the development, regulatory approval and commercialization of certain diagnostic tests. As of our emergence from bankruptcy under the Bankruptcy Code, certain milestones had been met and the principal balance of the
secured line of credit was reduced to $7,000,000. We are in discussions with Quest Diagnostics regarding the achievement of an additional $1,000,000 forgiveness milestone related to OVA1 under the terms of the Amended Strategic Alliance Agreement.
The $7,000,000 secured line of credit is secured by our assets, and is senior to the outstanding $5,000,000 of the 700% Notes. As a result of this indebtedness, we have principal and interest payment obligations to Quest Diagnostics. The degree to
which we are leveraged could, among other things:  make it difficult for us to obtain financing for working capital, acquisitions or other purposes on favorable terms, if at all;
make us more vulnerable to industry downturns and competitive pressures; and  limit our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our business. 
Our ability to meet our debt service obligations will depend upon our future performance, which will be subject to
financial, business and other factors affecting our operations, many of which are beyond our control. If we cannot meet our debt service obligation, it would have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position. 
18 Table of Contents
We may not succeed in developing additional diagnostic products, and, even if we do
succeed in developing additional diagnostic products, the diagnostic products may never achieve significant commercial market acceptance. Our success depends on our ability to continue to develop and commercialize diagnostic products. There is considerable risk in developing diagnostic products based on our biomarker discovery efforts, as
candidate biomarkers may fail to validate results in larger clinical studies or may not achieve acceptable levels of clinical accuracy. If we do succeed in developing additional diagnostic tests with acceptable performance characteristics, we may
not succeed in achieving significant commercial market acceptance for those tests. Our ability to successfully commercialize diagnostic products, including OVA1, will depend on several factors, including:  our ability to convince the medical community of the safety and clinical efficacy of our products and their advantages over existing diagnostic
products;  our ability to further establish business relationships with other diagnostic or laboratory companies that can assist in the commercialization of
these products in the US and globally; and  the scope and extent of the agreement by Medicare and third-party payers to provide full or partial reimbursement coverage for our products, which
will affect patients willingness to pay for our products and will likely heavily influence physicians decisions to recommend or use our products. 
These factors present obstacles to significant commercial acceptance of our existing and potential diagnostic products,
for which we will have to spend substantial time and financial resources to overcome, and there is no guarantee that we will be successful in doing so. Our inability to do so successfully would prevent us from generating revenue from future
diagnostic products. The diagnostics market is competitive and we may not be able to compete successfully, which would
adversely impact our ability to generate revenue. Our principal competition currently comes from the many
clinical options available to medical personnel involved in clinical decision making. For example, rather than ordering an OVA1 for a woman with an adnexal mass, obstetricians, gynecologists, and gynecologic oncologists may choose a different
clinical option or none at all. If we are not able to convince clinicians that OVA1 provides significant improvement over current clinical practices, our ability to commercialize OVA1 would be adversely affected. In addition, competitors, such as
Fujirebio Diagnostics, Inc., Becton Dickinson, ArrayIt Corporation, Correlogic Systems, Inc., and Abbott Labs have publicly disclosed that they have been or are currently working on ovarian cancer diagnostic assays. Additionally, academic
institutions periodically report new findings in ovarian cancer diagnostics that may have commercial value. Our failure to compete with any competitive diagnostic assay if and when commercialized could adversely affect our business. 
We have priced OVA1 at a point that recognizes the value-added by its increased sensitivity for ovarian malignancy. If
others develop a test that is viewed to be similar to OVA1 in efficacy but is priced at a lower point, we and/or our strategic partners may have to lower the price of OVA1 in order to effectively compete, which would impact our margins and potential
for profitability. The commercialization of our diagnostic tests may be affected adversely by changing FDA regulations,
and any delay by or failure of the FDA to approve our diagnostic tests submitted to the FDA may adversely affect our consolidated revenues, results of operations and financial condition. 
The FDA cleared OVA1 on September11, 2009. Our activities related to diagnostic products are, or have the potential
to be, subject to regulatory oversight by the FDA under provisions of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and regulations thereunder, including regulations governing the development, marketing, labeling, promotion, manufacturing and export of
our products. Failure to comply with applicable requirements can lead to sanctions, including withdrawal of products from the market, recalls, refusal to authorize government contracts, product seizures, civil money penalties, injunctions and
criminal prosecution. 
19 Table of Contents
The Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act requires that medical devices introduced to
the United States market, unless exempted by regulation, be the subject of either a pre-market notification clearance, known as a 510k clearance or 510k de novo clearance, or a PMA. Some of our potential future clinical products may require a
510k or 510k de novo clearance, while others may require a PMA. With respect to devices reviewed through the 510k process, we may not market a device until an order is issued by the FDA finding our product to be substantially equivalent to a
legally marketed device known as a predicate device. A 510k submission may involve the presentation of a substantial volume of data, including clinical data. The FDA may agree that the product is substantially equivalent to a predicate device and
allow the product to be marketed in the United States. On the other hand, the FDA may determine that the device is not substantially equivalent and require a PMA, or require further information, such as additional test data, including data from
clinical studies, before it is able to make a determination regarding substantial equivalence. By requesting additional information, the FDA can delay market introduction of our products. Delays in receipt of or failure to receive any necessary
510k clearance or PMA approval, or the imposition of stringent restrictions on the labeling and sales of our products, could have a material adverse effect on us. If the FDA indicates that a PMA is required for any of our potential future clinical
products, the application will require extensive clinical studies, manufacturing information and likely review by a panel of experts outside the FDA. Clinical studies to support either a 510k submission or a PMA application would need to be
conducted in accordance with FDA requirements. Failure to comply with FDA requirements could result in the FDAs refusal to accept the data or the imposition of regulatory sanctions. We cannot assure that any necessary 510k clearance or PMA
approval will be granted on a timely basis, or at all. To the extent we seek FDA 510k clearance or FDA pre-market approval for other diagnostic tests, any delay by or failure of the FDA to clear or approve those diagnostic tests may adversely
affect our consolidated revenues, results of operations and financial condition. If we or our suppliers fail to comply
with FDA requirements, we may not be able to market our products and services and may be subject to stringent penalties; further improvements to our or our suppliers manufacturing operations may be required that could entail additional costs.
The commercialization of our products could be delayed, halted or prevented by applicable FDA regulations.
If the FDA were to view any of our actions as non-compliant, it could initiate enforcement actions, such as a warning letter and possible imposition of penalties. In addition, analyte specific reagents ASRs that we may provide would be
subject to a number of FDA requirements, including compliance with the FDAs Quality System Regulations QSR, which establish extensive requirements for quality assurance and control as well as manufacturing procedures. Failure to
comply with these regulations could result in enforcement actions for us or our potential suppliers. Adverse FDA actions in any of these areas could significantly increase our expenses and limit our revenue and profitability. We will need to
undertake steps to maintain our operations in line with the FDAs QSR requirements. Some components of OVA1 are manufactured by other companies and we are required to maintain supply agreements with these companies. If these agreements are not
satisfactory to the FDA, we will have to renegotiate these agreements. Any failure to do so would have an adverse effect on our ability to commercialize OVA1. Our suppliers manufacturing facilities will be subject to periodic regulatory
inspections by the FDA and other federal and state regulatory agencies. If and when we begin commercializing and assembling our products by ourselves, our facilities will be subject to the same inspections. We or our suppliers may not satisfy such
regulatory requirements, and any such failure to do so would have an adverse effect on our commercialization efforts. If
we fail to continue to develop our technologies, we may not be able to successfully foster adoption of our products and services or develop new product offerings. 
Our technologies are new and complex, and are subject to change as new discoveries are made. New discoveries and
advancements in the diagnostic field are essential if we are to foster the adoption of our product offerings. Development of these technologies remains a substantial risk to us due to various factors, including the scientific challenges involved,
our ability to find and collaborate successfully with others working in the diagnostic field, and competing technologies, which may prove more successful than our technologies. 
20 Table of Contents
If we fail to maintain our rights to utilize intellectual property directed to diagnostic
biomarkers, we may not be able to offer diagnostic tests using those biomarkers. One aspect of our
business plan is to develop diagnostic tests based on certain biomarkers, which we have the right to utilize through licenses with our academic collaborators, such as the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, Stanford University, and the
University of Texas M.D. Anderson Cancer Center. In some cases, our collaborators own the entire right to the biomarkers. In other cases, we co-own the biomarkers with our collaborators. If, for some reason, we lose our license to biomarkers owned
entirely by our collaborators, we may not be able to use those biomarkers in diagnostic tests. If we lose our exclusive license to biomarkers co-owned by us and our collaborators, our collaborators may license their share of the intellectual
property to a third party that may compete with us in offering diagnostic tests, which would materially adversely affect our consolidated revenues, results of operations and financial condition. 
We have $7,000,000 outstanding from the secured line of credit provided by Quest Diagnostics. If we fail to achieve the milestones for
the forgiveness of the secured line of credit set forth in our amended credit agreement with Quest Diagnostics, we will be responsible for full repayment of the secured line of credit on October7,2012. 
As of December31, 2010, we have $7,000,000 outstanding from the secured lined of credit in connection with the
Strategic Alliance. Over a two-year period, we borrowed monthly increments of $417,000, totaling $10,000,000, and have paid all interest that was due. Funds from this secured line of credit were used for certain costs and expenses directly related
to the Strategic Alliance, with forgiveness of the repayment obligations based upon our achievement of milestones related to the development, regulatory approval and commercialization of certain diagnostic tests. On October7, 2009, the
Strategic Alliance Agreement was amended to extend the term of the agreement to end on the earlier of iOctober7, 2012 and iithe date on which Quest Diagnostics has commercially launched three licensed tests under the Strategic
Alliance. On September11, 2009, we announced our milestone achievement of clearing OVA1 with the FDA and, effective after the emergence from bankruptcy, reduced our principal obligations under the Amended Strategic Alliance Agreement to
$7,000,000. We are in discussions with Quest Diagnostics regarding the achievement of an additional $1,000,000 forgiveness milestone related to OVA1 under the terms of the Amended Strategic Alliance Agreement. Should we fail to achieve the remaining
milestones, we would be responsible for the repayment of the outstanding principal amount and any unpaid interest on the secured line of credit on October7, 2012, which could materially adversely affect our consolidated results of operations
and financial condition. If a competitor infringes on our proprietary rights, we may lose any competitive advantage we may
have as a result of diversion of our time, enforcement costs and the loss of the exclusivity of our proprietary rights. Our success depends in part on our ability to maintain and enforce our proprietary rights. We rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights and trade secrets to protect our technology and
brand. We have submitted a number of patent applications covering biomarkers that may have diagnostic or therapeutic utility. Our patent applications may or may not result in additional patents being issued. 
If competitors engage in activities that infringe on our proprietary rights, our focus will be diverted and we may incur
significant costs in asserting our rights. We may not be successful in asserting our proprietary rights, which could result in our patents being held invalid or a court holding that the competitor is not infringing, either of which would harm our
competitive position. We cannot be sure that competitors will not design around our patented technology. We
also rely upon the skills, knowledge and experience of our technical personnel. To help protect our rights, we require all employees and consultants to enter into confidentiality agreements that prohibit the disclosure of confidential information.
These agreements may not provide adequate protection for our trade secrets, knowledge or other proprietary information in the event of any unauthorized use or disclosure. If any 
21 Table of Contents
trade secret, knowledge or other technology not protected by a patent were to be disclosed to or independently developed by a competitor, it could have a material adverse effect on our business,
consolidated results of operations and financial condition. If others successfully assert their proprietary rights against
us, we may be precluded from making and selling our products or we may be required to obtain licenses to use their technology. Our success depends on avoiding infringing on the proprietary technologies of others. If a third party were to assert claims that we are violating their patents, we might incur substantial costs defending
ourselves in lawsuits against charges of patent infringement or other unlawful use of anothers proprietary technology. Any such lawsuit may not be decided in our favor, and if we are found liable, it may be subject to monetary damages or
injunction against using the technology. We may also be required to obtain licenses under patents owned by third parties and such licenses may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. 
Current and future litigation against us could be costly and time consuming to defend. 
We are from time to time subject to legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business, such as
claims brought by our clients in connection with commercial disputes, employment claims made by current or former employees, and claims brought by third parties alleging infringement on their intellectual property rights. In addition, we may bring
claims against third parties for infringement on our intellectual property rights. Litigation may result in substantial costs and may divert our attention and resources, which may seriously harm our business, consolidated results of operations and
financial condition. An unfavorable judgment against us in any legal proceeding or claim could require us to
pay monetary damages. In addition, an unfavorable judgment in which the counterparty is awarded equitable relief, such as an injunction, could have an adverse impact on our licensing and sublicensing activities, which could harm our business,
consolidated results of operations and consolidated financial condition. On July9, 2007, Molecular
Analytical Systems filed a lawsuit in the Superior Court of California for the County of Santa Clara naming Vermillion and Bio-Rad as defendants the State Court lawsuit. Under the State Court lawsuit, MAS sought an unspecified amount
of damages and alleged, among other things, that we are in breach of its license agreement with MAS relating to our SELDI technology as a result of our entry into a sublicense agreement with Bio-Rad. We filed a petition to compel arbitration, which
was denied in the trial court. We then filed our general denial and affirmative defenses on April1, 2008. The Company and Bio-Rad thereafter appealed the denial of the motion to compel arbitration, which appeal had the effect of staying the
State Court lawsuit, which stay was further extended in both the state trial and appellate courts when we filed for bankruptcy protection on March30, 2009, a Voluntary Petition for Relief under Chapter11 in the Bankruptcy Court. MAS
filed a proof of claim on July15, 2009, in connection with our Chapter11 bankruptcy proceedings. The proof of claim mirrored the MAS lawsuit and asserted that we breached the Exclusive License Agreement by transferring certain
technologies to Bio-Rad without obtaining MASs consent. MAS listed the value of its claim as in excess of $5,000,000. On December28, 2009, we objected to MASs Proof of Claim in the Bankruptcy Court. On January7, 2010, the
Bankruptcy Court confirmed our Plan of Reorganization. Per the Courts order confirming the Plan, our bankruptcy case will be closed when, along with other requirements, a final, non-appealable judgment is entered on MASs claims. After
the Plan of Reorganization was confirmed, MAS filed a motion with the Bankruptcy Court asking it to abstain from hearing its proof of claim and asked the Bankruptcy Court to grant relief from the automatic stay so that MAS could proceed with the
State Court lawsuit in California. Over our objection, the Bankruptcy Court granted that motion on March16, 2010. Thereafter, the California Court of Appeal set oral argument on our appeal of the trial court order denying our motion to compel
arbitration for June17, 2010. The California Court of Appeals overturned the Superior Courts decision in an opinion dated July9, 2010, and ordered that the dispute be arbitrated before the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Service
JAMS. MAS filed its demand for arbitration on September15, 2010.The demand did not include any additional detail regarding MASs claims, and submitted the same complaint for unspecified damages that MAS
22 Table of Contents
filed inthe Superior Court in 2007.The parties have begun to exchange initial disclosures in the arbitration, but JAMS has not yet set a schedule for resolution of MASs claims,
and management cannot predict the ultimate outcome of this matter at this time. Our failure to meet our purchase
commitments pursuant to a manufacture and supply agreement with Bio-Rad could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations and financial condition. 
We are a party to a manufacture and supply agreement with Bio-Rad, dated November13, 2006, whereby we agreed to
purchase from Bio-Rad the ProteinChip Systems and ProteinChip Arrays necessary to support our diagnostics efforts. Under the terms of the agreement, we were required to purchase a specified number of ProteinChip Systems and ProteinChip Arrays in
each of the three years following the date of the agreement. Pursuant to a letter from us to Bio-Rad dated May2, 2008, we exercised our right to terminate the agreement for convenience upon 180 days written notice. Consequently,
termination of the agreement became effective on October29, 2008. In our bankruptcy proceeding, Bio-Rad filed a claim for approximately $1,000,000. If we are unable to resolve this claim, it would have an adverse effect on our consolidated
cash flows. Because our business is highly dependent on key executives and employees, our inability to recruit and retain
these people could hinder our business plans. We are highly dependent on our executive officers and
certain key employees. Our executive officers and key employees are employed at will by us. Any inability to engage new executive officers or key employees could impact operations or delay or curtail our research, development and commercialization
objectives. To continue our research and product development efforts, we need people skilled in areas such as clinical operations, regulatory affairs and clinical diagnostics. Competition for qualified employees is intense. 
Our diagnostic efforts may cause us to have significant product liability exposure. 
The testing, manufacturing and marketing of medical diagnostic tests entail an inherent risk of product liability claims.
Potential product liability claims may exceed the amount of our insurance coverage or may be excluded from coverage under the terms of the policy. Our existing insurance will have to be increased in the future if we are successful at introducing new
diagnostic products and this will increase our costs. In the event that we are held liable for a claim or for damages exceeding the limits of our insurance coverage, we may be required to make substantial payments. This may have an adverse effect on
our consolidated results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, and may increase the volatility of our common stock price. Business interruptions could limit our ability to operate our business. Our operations, as well as those of the collaborators on which we depend, are vulnerable to damage or interruption from fire; natural disasters, including earthquakes; computer viruses; human error; power
shortages; telecommunication failures; international acts of terror; and similar events. Although we have certain business continuity plans in place, we have not established a formal comprehensive disaster recovery plan, and our back-up operations
and business interruption insurance may not be adequate to compensate it for losses we may suffer. A significant business interruption could result in losses or damages incurred by us and require us to cease or curtail our operations. 
If we fail to maintain proper and effective internal controls, our ability to produce accurate and timely financial statements could
be impaired, which could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. We are
required to comply with the management certification requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. We are required to report, among other things, control deficiencies that constitute a material weakness or changes in
internal controls that, or that are reasonably likely to, materially affect internal controls over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency or combination of deficiencies that results in a reasonable possibility that a
material misstatement of the annual or interim consolidated financial statements will 
23 Table of Contents
not be prevented or detected. If we fail to continue to comply with the requirements of Section 404, we might be subject to sanctions or investigation by regulatory authorities such as the SEC.
If we fail to remedy any material weakness, our consolidated financial statements may be inaccurate, which could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
Legislative actions resulting in higher compliance costs are likely to adversely affect our future consolidated results of operations,
financial position and cash flows. Compliance with laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate
governance and public disclosure, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and new regulations adopted by the SEC, are resulting in increased compliance costs. We, like all other public companies, are incurring expenses and diverting
employees time in an effort to comply with Section404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. We have completed the process of documenting our systems of internal control and have evaluated our systems of internal control. Beginning with the
year ended December31, 2004, we have been required to assess continuously our compliance with Section404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. We expect to continue to devote the necessary resources, including internal and external
resources, to support our assessment. In the future, if we identify one or more material weaknesses, or our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to attest that our report is fairly stated or to express an opinion on the
effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting, this could result in a loss of investor confidence in our financial reports, have an adverse effect on our stock price and/or subject us to sanctions or investigation by regulatory
authorities. Compliance with these evolving standards will result in increased general and administrative expenses and may cause a diversion of our time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. 
Changes in healthcare policy could increase our costs and impact sales of and reimbursement for our tests. 
In March 2010, President Barack Obama signed the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care
and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act collectively, thePPACA, which makes changes that are expected to significantly impact the pharmaceutical and medical device industries. Beginning in 2013, each medical device
manufacturer will have to pay a sales tax in an amount equal to 23 percent of the price for which such manufacturer sells its medical devices. The PPACA also mandates a reduction in payments for clinical laboratory services paid under the Medicare
Clinical Laboratory Fee Schedule of 175% for the years 2011 through 2015. This adjustment is in addition to a productivity adjustment to the Clinical Laboratory Fee Schedule. In addition to the PPACA, the impact of which cannot be predicted given
its recent enactment and current lack of implementing regulations or interpretive guidance, a number of states are also contemplating significant reform of their healthcare policies. We cannot predict whether future healthcare initiatives will be
implemented at the federal or state level, or the effect any future legislation or regulation will have on us. The taxes imposed by the new federal legislation may result in decreased profits to us, and lower reimbursements by payers for our tests,
all of which may adversely affect our business. We are subject to environmental laws and potential exposure to
environmental liabilities. We are subject to various international, federal, state and local environmental
laws and regulations that govern our operations, including the handling and disposal of non-hazardous and hazardous wastes, the recycling and treatment of electrical and electronic equipment, and emissions and discharges into the environment.
Failure to comply with such laws and regulations could result in costs for corrective action, penalties or the imposition of other liabilities. We are also subject to laws and regulations that impose liability and clean-up responsibility for
releases of hazardous substances into the environment. Under certain of these laws and regulations, a current or previous owner or operator of property may be liable for the costs to remediate hazardous substances or petroleum products on or from
its property, without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of, or caused, the contamination, as well as incur liability to third parties affected by such contamination. The presence of, or failure to remediate properly, such substances could
adversely affect the value and the ability to transfer or encumber such property. Based on currently available information, although there can be no assurance, we 
24 Table of Contents
believe that such costs and liabilities have not had and will not have a material adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations. 
Risks Related to Owning our Stock The liquidity and trading volume of our common stock may be low. The liquidity and trading volume of our common stock has at times been low in the past and may again be low in the future. If the liquidity and trading volume were to fall, this could impact the trading
price of our shares and adversely affect our ability to issue stock and for holders to obtain liquidity in their shares should they desire to sell. Our stock price has been, and may continue to be, highly volatile, and an investment in our stock could suffer a decline in value. 
The trading price of our common stock has been highly volatile and could continue to be subject to wide fluctuations in
price in response to various factors, many of which are beyond our control, including:  failure to significantly increase revenue;  actual or anticipated period-to-period fluctuations in financial results;  failure to achieve, or changes in, financial estimates by securities analysts;  announcements or introductions of new products or services or technological innovations by us or our competitors;  publicity regarding actual or potential discoveries of biomarkers by others;  comments or opinions by securities analysts or major stockholders;  conditions or trends in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and life science industries;  announcements by us of significant acquisitions and divestitures, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments;
developments regarding our patents or other intellectual property or that of our competitors;  litigation or threat of litigation;  additions or departures of key personnel;  limited daily trading volume; and  economic and other external factors, disasters or crises. 
In addition, the stock market in general and the market for diagnostic technology companies, in particular, have
experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. These broad market and industry factors may seriously harm the market price of our common
stock, regardless of our operating performance. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a companys securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted. A securities class action suit against us
could result in substantial costs, potential liabilities and the diversion of our attention and our resources. 
Anti-takeover provisions in our charter, bylaws and stockholder rights plan and under Delaware law could make a third party
acquisition of the Company difficult. Our certificate of incorporation, bylaws and stockholder rights plan
contain provisions that could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if doing so might be deemed beneficial by our stockholders. These provisions could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for
shares of our 
25 Table of Contents
common stock. We are also subject to certain provisions of Delaware law that could delay, deter or prevent a change in control of the Company. The rights issued pursuant to our stockholder rights
plan will become exercisable the tenth day after a person or group announces acquisition of 15% or more of our common stock or announces commencement of a tender or exchange offer the consummation of which would result in ownership by the person or
group of 15% or more of our common stock. If the rights become exercisable, the holders of the rights other than the person acquiring 15% or more of our common stock will be entitled to acquire, in exchange for the rights exercise price,
shares of our common stock or shares of any company in which we are merged, with a value equal to twice the rights exercise price. Because we do not intend to pay dividends, our stockholders will benefit from an investment in our common stock only if it appreciates in value. 
We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain our future earnings,
if any, to finance the expansion of our business and do not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. As a result, the success of an investment in our common stock will depend entirely upon any future appreciation. There is no
guarantee that our common stock will appreciate in value or even maintain the price at which our investors purchased their shares. We may need to sell additional shares of our common stock or other securities in the future beyond what we have raised in a follow-on public offering on February18, 2011 to meet our capital
requirements which could cause significant dilution. On February18, 2011, we completed a follow-on
public offering of our common stock in which we issued an additional 4million shares and raised approximately $202 million in net proceeds. As of December31, 2010, we had 10,657,564 shares of our common stock outstanding and 1,013,983
shares of our common stock reserved for future issuance to employees, directors and consultants pursuant to our employee stock plans, which excludes 849,485 shares of our common stock that were subject to outstanding options. As of December31,
2010, 75,637 shares of restricted stock to the certain Directors pursuant to the Debtors Incentive Plan and 6,252 shares of restricted stock awards to certain employees pursuant to the 2010 Plan were not vested. These shares vest ratably
through June 2011. In addition, as of December31,2010, warrants to purchase 415,782 shares of our common stock were outstanding at exercise prices ranging from $925 to $2500 per share, with a weighted average exercise price of $1759
per share. Also at December31,2010, there were 250,000 shares of our common stock reserved for issuance upon conversion of the 700% Notes. The exercise or conversion of all or a portion of our senior notes, outstanding options and warrants, and the vesting of our restricted stock, would dilute the ownership interests of our stockholders.
Furthermore, future sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales are likely to occur, could affect prevailing trading prices of our common stock and the value of the notes. Item1.
Business 2 Item1A.
Risk Factors 16 Item1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments 26 Item2.
Properties 26 Item3.
Legal Proceedings 27 Item4. Removed and Reserved 29 PART II 30 Item5.
PROPERTIES 
Our principal facility is located in Austin, Texas. The following chart indicates the facilities that we lease, the
location and size of each facility and its designated use.  Location
ApproximateSquare Feet Primary Functions
LeaseExpirationDate Austin, Texas 4,218sq.ft. Marketing, sales and administrative offices 2012 Mountain View, California 2,442 sq. ft. Research and development, clinical and regulatory offices 2012
26 Table of Contents ITEM3.
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS Molecular
Analytical Systems, Inc. Litigation On July9, 2007, Molecular Analytical Systems
MAS filed a lawsuit in the Superior Court of California for the County of Santa Clara naming Vermillion and Bio-Rad as defendants the State Court lawsuit. Under the State Court lawsuit, MAS sought an unspecified amount of
damages and alleged, among other things, that we are in breach of its license agreement with MAS relating to our SELDI technology as a result of our entry into a sublicense agreement with Bio-Rad. We filed a petition to compel arbitration, which was
denied in the trial court. We then filed our general denial and affirmative defenses on April1, 2008. The Company and Bio-Rad thereafter appealed the denial of the motion to compel arbitration, which appeal had the effect of staying the State
Court lawsuit, which stay was further extended in both the state trial and appellate courts when we filed on March30, 2009, a Voluntary Petition for Relief under Chapter11 in the Bankruptcy Court. MAS filed a proof of claim on
July15, 2009, in connection with our Chapter11 bankruptcy proceedings. The proof of claim mirrored the MAS lawsuit and asserted that we breached the Exclusive License Agreement by transferring certain technologies to Bio-Rad without
obtaining MASs consent. MAS listed the value of its claim as in excess of $5,000,000. On December28, 2009, we objected to MASs Proof of Claim in the Bankruptcy Court. On January7, 2010, the Bankruptcy Court confirmed our Plan
of Reorganization. Per the Courts order confirming the Plan, our bankruptcy case will be closed when, along with other requirements, a final, non-appealable judgment is entered on MASs claims. After the Plan of Reorganization was
confirmed, MAS filed a motion with the Bankruptcy Court asking it to abstain from hearing its proof of claim and asked the Bankruptcy Court to grant relief from the automatic stay so that MAS could proceed with the State Court lawsuit in California.
Over our objection, the Bankruptcy Court granted that motion on March15, 2010. Thereafter, the California Court of Appeal set oral argument on our appeal of the trial court order denying our motion to compel arbitration for June17, 2010.
The California Court of Appeals overturned the Superior Courts decision in an opinion dated July9, 2010, and ordered that the dispute be arbitrated before JAMS. MAS filed its demand for arbitration on September15, 2010.The
demand did not include any additional detail regarding MASs claims, and submitted the same complaint for unspecified damages that MAS filed inthe Superior Court in 2007.The parties have begun to exchange initial disclosures in the
arbitration, but JAMS has not yet set a schedule for resolution of MASs claims, and management cannot predict the ultimate outcome of this matter at this time. Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. Matters On
November13, 2006, we completed the Instrument Business Sale to Bio-Rad. The Instrument Business Sale included our SELDI technology, ProteinChip arrays and accompanying software. Pursuant to the terms of the sales agreement, the total sales
price was $20,000,000, of which $16,000,000 was paid by Bio-Rad to us at the closing of the transaction on November13, 2006. A total of $4,000,000 was held back from the sales proceeds contingent upon our meeting certain obligations, of which
$2,000,000 was subsequently paid to us in fiscal 2007 upon the issuance by the United States Patent and Trademark Office of a reexamination certificate for United States Patent No6,734,022. From the amounts held back, the remaining
$2,000,000, subject to certain adjustments, is being held in escrow to serve as security for us to fulfill certain obligations. In connection with the Instrument Business Sale, we entered into a letter agreement with Bio-Rad pursuant to which we agreed to indemnify Bio-Rad and its subsidiaries with respect to certain payments made
by Bio-Rad in connection with the termination of employees of its former subsidiary in the United Kingdom in the six-month period immediately following the Instrument Business Sale. On May4, 2007, Bio-Rad delivered a claim for indemnification
under the agreement for $307,000, which was paid out of $2,000,000 held in escrow. In August 2009, Bio-Rad also filed a proof of claim in the bankruptcy case for indemnification of the MAS lawsuit. Management is disputing the claim and cannot
predict the ultimate outcome of this matter at this time. In connection with the Instrument Business Sale, we
also entered into a manufacture and supply agreement with Bio-Rad on November13, 2006, whereby we agreed to purchase ProteinChip Systems and ProteinChip Arrays collectively, the Research Tools Products from Bio-Rad. Under the
terms of the manufacture and 
27 Table of Contents
supply agreement, we agreed to provide Bio-Rad quarterly, non-binding, twelve-month rolling forecasts setting forth our anticipated needs for Research Tools Products over the forecast period. We
were permitted to provide revised forecasts as necessary to reflect changes in demand for the products, and Bio-Rad was required to use commercially reasonable efforts to supply amounts in excess of the applicable forecast. Either party was
permitted to terminate the agreement for convenience upon 180days prior written notice, or upon default if the other party failed to cure such default within 30days after notice thereof. In a letter from us to Bio-Rad dated
May2,2008, we exercised our right to terminate the November13, 2006 manufacture and supply agreement for convenience upon 180 days written notice. Consequently, termination of the agreement became effective on
October29, 2008. In October 2009, Bio-Rad filed a proof of claim in our bankruptcy case based on certain contract claims for approximately $1,000,000. We are attempting to resolve the contract claims and have accrued for this contingency
within general and administrative expense at December31, 2010 and 2009. Management cannot predict the ultimate outcome of this matter at this time. Health Discovery Corporation Litigation On
June26, 2006, Health Discovery Corporation HDC filed a lawsuit against Vermillion in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas, Marshall Division the Court, claiming that software used in
certain of our ProteinChip Systems infringes on three of its United States patents. HDC sought injunctive relief as well as unspecified compensatory and enhanced damages, reasonable attorneys fees, prejudgment interest and other costs. On
August1, 2006, we filed an unopposed motion with the Court to extend the deadline for us to answer or otherwise respond until September2, 2006. We filed our answer and counterclaim to the complaint with the Court on September1,
2006. Concurrent with our answer and counterclaims, we filed a motion to transfer the case to the Northern District of California. On January10, 2007, the Court granted us motion to transfer the case to the Northern District of California. The
parties met for a scheduled mediation on May7, 2007. On July10, 2007, we entered into a license and settlement agreement with HDC pursuant to which we licensed more than 25 patents covering HDCs support vector machine technology
for use with SELDI technology. Under the terms of the HDC Agreement, we receive a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license for life sciences and diagnostic applications of the technology and have access to any future patents resulting from the
underlying intellectual property in conjunction with use of SELDI systems. Pursuant to the HDC Agreement, we paid $200,000 to HDC upon entry into the agreement on July13,2007, $100,000 three months following the date of the agreement on
October9, 2007, and $150,000 twelve months following the date of the agreement on July9, 2008. The remaining $150,000 payable under the HDC Agreement, which was due twenty-four months following the date of the agreement and payable as of
December31, 2008, was subsequently paid on January22, 2010. The HDC Agreement settled all disputes between the Company and HDC. 
Debtors Incentive Plan In connection with the Bankruptcy Filing, on April21, 2009, we filed the Debtors Motion for Entry of an Order Approving the Debtors Incentive Plan the Debtors Incentive
Plan and Authorizing Payments thereunder pursuant to 363b and 503b of the Bankruptcy Code the Incentive Plan Motion which sought to provide proper incentives to the directors Gail Page, John Hamilton and James
Burns, collectively, the Directors to help achieve a successful sale or restructuring of the Company.At a hearing on June22, 2009, the Court entered an Order approving the Incentive Plan Motion the Incentive Plan
Order.The Debtors Incentive Plan is only triggered upon the occurrence of a qualified transaction defined as the closing of any sale pursuant to section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code or the effectiveness of a Reorganization Plan
confirmed pursuant to section 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code. The Debtors Incentive Plan payment was based upon a percentage of Athe gross proceeds of Asset Sales, both prior to and after the Food and Drug Administration approval of the
ovarian tumor triage test, and Bthe value of consideration- cash, debt and equity- distributed pursuant to a confirmed Reorganization Plan.In the end, the Incentive Plan Order provided that the Directors would receive:
izero, on Qualified Transaction Proceeds of 3,000,000 or less, ii6% on Qualified Transaction Proceeds of $3,000,001 to $10,000,000, and iii8% on Qualified Transaction Proceeds of greater than $10,000,000.While the
Incentive Plan Order provided us with the authority to make distributions under the Debtors Incentive Plan, 
28 Table of Contents
we agreed as part of the Plan of Reorganizationto seek final judicial approval of the amounts to be paid pursuant to the Debtors Incentive Plan.On April13, 2010, our
counsel, the Official Committee of the Equity Security Holders, and the Directors submitted a proposed settlement to the Bankruptcy Court. On April14, 2010, after a hearing, an order was issued by the Bankruptcy Court approving the
Debtors Incentive Plan. Under the Debtors Incentive Plan, we were directed to distribute an aggregate of $5,000,000 in cash and 302,541 shares of restricted stock having a fair value of $6,626,000 in Debtors Incentive Plan payments
to the Directors. All such restricted stock vests with respect to 1/24th of the total distributed on each monthly anniversary of the vesting commencement date, June22, 2009. The total Debtors Incentive Plan payments were allocated to
Gail Page, James Burns and John Hamilton on a 60%-20%-20% basis, respectively. The contingency was accounted for upon the occurrence of the qualified transaction on January7, 2010 when the Bankruptcy Courts issued a confirmation order
approving our Reorganization Plan. For the year ended December31, 2010, we incurred $9,969,000 under the terms of the Debtors Incentive Plan, of which $6,932,000 was recorded in Reorganization Items for the period prior to emerging from
bankruptcy under the Bankruptcy Code and $3,037,000 was recorded in general and administrative expenses for the period subsequent to emerging from bankruptcy under the Bankruptcy Code. In April 2010, we distributed an aggregate of $5,000,000 in cash
to the Directors. We distributed 226,904 shares of our common stock to the Directors under the Debtors Incentive Plan during the year ended December31, 2010. 
In addition, from time to time, we are involved in legal proceedings and regulatory proceedings arising out of our
operations. We established reserves for specific liabilities in connection with legal actions that it deems to be probable and estimable. Other than as disclosed above, we are not currently a party to any proceeding, the adverse outcome of which
would have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations.  Item1.
Business 2 Item1A.
Risk Factors 16 Item1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments 26 Item2.
Properties 26 Item3.
Legal Proceedings 27 Item4. Removed and Reserved 29 PART II 30 Item5.
MARKET FOR REGISTRANTS COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
Our common stock is traded on The Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol VRML. 
On September25, 2008, our common stock was delisted from and suspended from trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market as
a result of our noncompliance with the listing criteria under Marketplace Rule 4310c3. Upon delisting from The Nasdaq Capital Market, our common stock became immediately eligible for quotation and began trading over-the-counter OTC
on Pink Quote, formerly known as Pink Sheets, electronic quotation system Pink Quote on September25, 2008, under the ticker symbol VRML.PK. After a market makers application to trade our common stock on the OTC
Bulletin Board was approved by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, our common stock began trading on the OTC Bulletin Board under the ticker symbol VRML.OB on October10, 2008. 
In connection to our March30, 2009 filing for relief under the Bankruptcy Code in the Bankruptcy Court, our common
stock began trading under the ticker symbol VRMLQ.OB on April6, 2009. On April20, 2009, our common stock began trading under the ticker symbol VRMQE.OB as a result of us becoming a delinquent filer of our required
financial reports to the SEC under the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. NASD Rule 6530. After a 30-day grace period on May20, 2009, our common stock was delisted from the OTC Bulletin Board for noncompliance with
NASD Rule6530. Upon delisting from the OTC Bulletin Board, our common stock became immediately eligible for quotation and began trading on Pink Quote under the ticker symbol VRMLQ.PK on May20, 2009. On January27, 2010,
our common stock began trading under the symbol VRML.PK in connection with our emergence from bankruptcy under the Bankruptcy Code on January22, 2010. 
On July6, 2010, The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC relisted our common stock on The Nasdaq Global Market. On
February1,2011, there were 64 registered holders of record of our common stock, including multiple beneficial holders and depositories, banks and brokers listed as a single holder in the street name of each respective depository, bank or
broker. The closing price of our common stock on February18, 2011 was $528. The following sets forth
the quarterly high and low trading prices as reported by The Nasdaq Global Market, Pink Quote and OTC Bulletin Board for the periods indicated. Any prices reflecting OTC quotations are based on quotations between dealers, which do not reflect retail
mark-up, markdown or commissions, and do not necessarily represent actual transactions.  2010 2009 High Low High Low First Quarter 3400 2090 090 021 Second Quarter 2900 1095 120 002 Third Quarter 1350 495 1400 001 Fourth Quarter 949 453 2845 956
Dividends 
We have never paid or declared any dividend on our common stock and we do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our
common stock in the foreseeable future. If we pay a cash dividend on our common stock, we also may be required to pay the same dividend on an as-converted basis on any outstanding preferred stock, warrants, convertible notes or other securities.
Moreover, any preferred stock or other senior debt or equity securities to be issued and any future credit facilities might contain restrictions on our ability to declare and pay dividends on our common stock. We intend to retain all available funds
and any future earnings to fund the development and expansion of our business. 
30 Table of Contents
Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
On January7, 2010, we closed a private placement transaction with a group of investors. We received $43,050,000 in
gross proceeds from the sale of 2,327,869 shares of our common stock at a price of $184932 per share. The shares of our common stock issued in connection with the private placement were exempted from the registration requirement pursuant to
Regulation D of the Securities Act. Accordingly, these restricted shares were subject to the resale limitations of Rule 144 under the Securities Act, as a transaction not involving a public offering because, among other things, the investors were
accredited investors at the time of the transaction and appropriate legends were affixed to the instruments representing such securities issued in such transaction. 
From November30, 2009, through January22, 2010, we exchanged 428,906 shares of our common stock for
$7,100,000 in principal and unpaid interest of $732,000 related to the convertible senior notes due September1, 2011. From October21, 2009 through November19, 2009, $4,400,000 in principal related to the 700% Notes was converted
into 220,000 shares of our common stock. The offer and issuance of the securities was exempt from registration under Section3a9 of the Securities Act. 
From November24, 2009 to January22, 2010, we exchanged a total of 15,794 shares of our common stock for
$305,000 in principal and $18,000 in unpaid interest related to the convertible senior notes due September1, 2009 the 450% Notes. The offer and issuance of the securities was exempt from registration under Section3a9
of the Securities Act. From October5, 2009, through April12, 2010, we issued 990 shares of our
common stock for $12,000 from the cash exercise of warrants dated August3, 2006, with an exercise price of $1260 per share the August3 Warrants, and 3,496 shares of our common stock from the cashless exercise of 8,625
underlying common stock shares of the August3 Warrants. From October5,2009, through April12, 2010, we issued 990 shares of our common stock for $12,000 from the cash exercise of warrants dated November15, 2006, with an
exercise price of $1260 per share the November15 Warrants, and 3,486 shares of our common stock from the cashless exercise of 8,625 underlying common stock shares of the November15 Warrants. From September29, 2009,
through March4, 2010, we issued 392,120 shares of our common stock for $3,627,000 from the cash exercise of warrants dated August29, 2007, with an exercise price of $925 per share the 2007 Warrants, and 521,213 shares of
our common stock from the cashless exercise of 1,435,678 underlying common stock shares of the 2007 Warrants. The offer and issuance of securities is subject to the resale limitations of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. 
On August29, 2007, we completed a private placement sale of 2,451,309 shares of our common stock and a warrant to
purchase up to an additional 1,961,047 shares of our common stock with an exercise price of $925 per share and expiration date of August29, 2012, to a group of existing and new investors for $20,591,000 in gross proceeds. In connection with
Quest Diagnostics participation in this transaction, we amended a warrant to purchase an additional 220,000 shares of our common stock that was originally issued to Quest Diagnostics on July22, 2005. Pursuant to the terms of the amendment, the
warrant to purchase 220,000 shares of our common stock was reduced from $3500 per share to $2500 per share and the expiration date was extended from July22, 2010, to July22, 2011. The sale, offer and issuance of the securities was
exempt from registration under Section42 and/or Rule506 of RegulationD of the Securities Act, as a transaction not involving a public offering because, among other things, the investors were accredited investors at the time of
the transaction and appropriate legends were affixed to the instruments representing such securities issued in such transaction. As partial consideration for services as placement agent in connection with the August29, 2007 private placement sale, we issued a warrant to purchase up to 92,100 shares of our common stock with an
exercise price of $925 per share and expiration date of August29, 2012 to Oppenheimer Co. Inc. Oppenheimer. Our Board of Directors determined the value of such warrants to be equal to the price paid for the warrants
by the investors in the offering, or $125 per warrant share, for an aggregate value of $115,000. The sale, offer and issuance of the securities was exempt from registration under Section42 and/or Rule506 of RegulationD of
31 Table of Contents
the Securities Act, as a transaction not involving a public offering, because among other things, Oppenheimer was an accredited investor at the time of the transaction and appropriate legends
were affixed to the instruments representing such securities issued in such transaction. Equity Compensation Plan Information
We currently maintain three equity-based compensation plans that were approved by our stockholders. The
plans are the Amended and Restated 2000 Stock Plan the 2000 Plan, the Amended and Restated 2000 Employee Stock Purchase Plan the 2000 ESPP, and the 2010 Stock Incentive Plan the 2010 Plan. 
2000 Plan. The authority of our Board of Directors to grant new stock options and awards under the 2000
Plan terminated in 2010. The Board of Directors continues to administer the 2000 Plan with respect to the stock options that remain outstanding to our officers, employees, directors and a consultant. At December31, 2010, there were 646,485
shares of stock options that remain outstanding under the 2000 Plan. 2000 ESPP. Subject to
limits, all of our officers and employees in the United States are eligible to participate in the 2000 ESPP. The 2000 ESPP operates in successive six-month offering and purchase periods. Participants in the ESPP may purchase our common stock at the
end of each purchase period at a purchase price equal to 850% of the lower of the fair market value of our common stock at the beginning of the offering period or the end of the purchase period. The 2000 ESPP administrator may allow participants to
contribute up to 150% of their eligible compensation to purchase stock under the 2000 ESPP. Our Board of Directors or a committee of our Board of Directors administers the 2000 ESPP. The total amount of shares originally available for purchase
under the 2000 ESPP was 1,505,795, of which 136,222 shares had been purchased. 2010 Plan. The
2010 Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board. Our employees, directors, and consultants are eligible to receive awards under the 2010 Plan. The 2010 Plan permits the granting of a variety of awards, including stock options,
share appreciation rights, restricted shares, restricted share units, and unrestricted shares, deferred share units, performance and cash-settled awards, and dividend equivalent rights. We are authorized to issue up to 1,322,983 shares of common
stock, par value $0001 per share under the 2010 Plan, subject to adjustment as provided in the 2010 Plan. At December31, 2010, there were 203,000 shares of stock options that remain outstanding under the 2010 Plan. 
The number of shares of our common stock to be issued upon exercise of outstanding stock options, the weighted-average
exercise price of outstanding stock options and the number of shares available for future stock option grants and stock awards under equity compensation plans as of December31, 2010, were as follows:  Plan Category
Number ofSecurities tobeIssuedUponExercise ofOutstandingOptions,Warrants
andRights Weighted-AverageExercisePrice 
Rights Number  forFutureIssuanceUnder
inFirst Column Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 849,485
1 1613
2 1,013,983
3
Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 849,485 1613 1,013,983  1
Includes outstanding stock options for 646,485 shares of our common stock under the 2000 Plan and 203,000 shares of our common stock under the 2010
Plan. 
32 Table of Contents 2
Includes the weighted average stock price for outstanding stock options of $1462 under the 2000 Plan and $2093 for the 2010 Plan. 3
Includes 1,013,983 shares of our common stock for the 2010 Plan. No future awards shall occur under the 2000 Plan or the 2000 ESPP.
Performance Graph Pursuant to SEC Release No333-8876 and Instructions to Item1.
Business 2 Item1A.
Risk Factors 16 Item1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments 26 Item2.
Properties 26 Item3.
Legal Proceedings 27 Item4. Removed and Reserved 29 PART II 30 Item5.
SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA The selected consolidated financial data presented below for the fiscal years ended December31, 2010, 2009, 2008, 2007 and 2006 are derived from audited financial statements. The data set forth
below should be read in conjunction with Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our financial statements and related notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. On
March30, 2009, we filed a voluntary petition for relief under the Bankruptcy Code in the Bankruptcy Court. We operated our business and managed our properties as debtors in possession while under the jurisdiction of the Bankruptcy Court and in
accordance with the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code and orders of the Bankruptcy Court. On January22, 2010, we emerged from bankruptcy under the Bankruptcy Code. The selected data in this section are not intended to replace our
financial statements.  For the year ended December31, In thousands, except per share data
Consolidated Statements of Operations Data 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 Revenue Product 308 10 11,292 License 867 Service 114 44 6,923 Total revenue1 1,175 124 44 18,215 Cost of revenue Product 88 4 5,818 Service 20 28 3,520 Total cost of revenue2 88 24 28 9,338 Gross profit 1,087 100 16 8,877 Operating expenses Research and development 3,848 2,346 5,289 8,321 11,474 Sales and marketing 2,857 455 2,019 2,067 12,568 General and administrative 8,984 2,562 7,309 10,858 10,661 Total operating expenses 15,689 5,363 14,617 21,246 34,703 Gain on sale of instrument business3 1,610 6,929 Loss from operations4 14,602 5,363 14,517 19,620 18,897 Loss on extinguishment of debt5 1,481 Interest income 40 28 399 734 843 Interest expense 491 1,691 2,035 2,302 2,254 Loss on investments in auction rate securities6 58 2,176 Change in fair value and exercise of warrants, net7 4,353 12,106 Debt conversion costs 141 819 Reorganization items8 1,677 2,066 Reorganization items-related party incentive plan9 6,932 Other income expense, net 358 20 41 69 125 Loss before income taxes 19,034 22,037 18,370 21,119 21,914 Income tax benefit expense 11 40 163 152 Net loss 19,034 22,048 18,330 21,282 22,066 Net loss per share - basic and diluted 183 331 287 447 605 Shares used to compute basic and diluted net loss per common share 10,405 6,662 6,382 4,765 3,647  34 Table of Contents As of December31 In thousands Consolidated Balance Sheet Data 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 Cash and cash equivalents10 22,914 3,440 2,464 7,617 17,711 Investment in securities 8,875 Working capital deficit 13,726 636 3,727 8,534 12,994 Total assets 24,035 4,609 3,858 24,053 23,016 Long-term debt and capital lease obligations, including current portion 12,000 17,765 28,878 28,667 25,511 Total stockholders equity deficit 4,616 27,317 29,068 11,462 9,901
1
The decrease in revenue for the year ended December31, 2007 compared to the same period in the prior year was due to our sale of the assets
and liabilities of our protein research products and collaborative services business to Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. We did not begin to generate revenue from diagnostic products and related licensing until the year ended December31, 2010. 2
The decrease in cost of revenue for the year ended December31, 2007 compared to the same period in the prior year was due to our sale of the
assets and liabilities of our protein research products and collaborative services business to Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. in November 2006 in order to concentrate our resources on developing clinical protein biomarker diagnostic products and
services. The decrease in cost of revenue was consistent with the decrease in revenue for the same period. 3
The gain on sale of instrument business for the year ended December31, 2006 and 2007 was due to our sale of the assets and liabilities of our
protein research products and collaborative services business to Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. in November 2006. 4
The decrease in loss from operations from $14,517 for the year ended December31, 2008 to $5,363 for the year ended December31, 2009 was
due primarily to the bankruptcy filing in March 2009 and the subsequent curtailment of operations and expenditures while under bankruptcy protection. 5
The loss on extinguishment of debt of $1,481 for the year ended December31, 2006 represents the expensing of $868 of unamortized debt discount
and $613 of unamortized prepaid offering costs related to the exchange of $27,500 of our 4%convertible senior notes due September1, 2008 for $16,500 of 7%convertible notes and $11,000 in cash. 6
Loss on investment in auction rate securities was due to an other-than-temporary charge on investments available-for-sale of $2,176 for the year
ended December31, 2008. 7
Effective January1, 2009, the adoption of the new accounting guidance resulted in the reclassification of certain outstanding warrants from
stockholders deficit to liability, which further required remeasurement at the end of each reporting period. This resulted in the change in fair value and exercise of warrants for the years ended December31, 2009 and 2010. 8
Reorganization items include professional advisory fees and other costs directly associated with our Chapter 11 bankruptcy activities. 9
Reorganization items for the Debtors Incentive Plan for the year ended December31,2010 amounted to $6,932. We paid $5,000 in cash
and accrued $1,932 for the value of the vested portions of restricted stock under the Debtors Incentive Plan prior to emerging from bankruptcy. 10
The increase in cash and cash equivalents from $3,440 at December31, 2009 to $22,914 at December31, 2010 was due to a private placement
sale of 2,327,869 shares of our common stock for net proceeds of $42,800 in January 2010 as part of emerging from bankruptcy partially offset by operating and other expenses incurred as well as the cash exercise of certain outstanding warrants.
35 Table of Contents ITEM7.
MANAGEMENTS DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
You should read the following discussion and analysis in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and
related Notes thereto, included on pages F-1 through F-37 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and Risk Factors, which are discussed in Item1A. The statements below contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. See Forward-Looking Statements on page i. Overview 
Vermillion was originally incorporated in California on December9, 1993, under the name Abiotic Systems. In March
1995, Abiotic Systems changed its corporate name to Ciphergen Biosystems, Inc., and subsequently on June21, 2000, it reincorporated in Delaware. Under the name Ciphergen Biosystems, Inc., we had our initial public offering on
September28, 2000. On November13,2006, we sold the assets and liabilities of our protein research products and collaborative services business to Bio-Rad, which allowed us to focus on the development of our diagnostics tests. On
August21, 2007, Ciphergen Biosystems, Inc. changed its corporate name to Vermillion, Inc. Effective at the close of business on March3, 2008, we effected a 1 for 10 reverse stock split of our common stock. Accordingly, all share and per
share amounts were adjusted to reflect the impact of the 1 for 10 reverse stock split in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We are dedicated to the discovery, development and commercialization of novel high-value diagnostic tests that help physicians diagnose, treat and improve outcomes for patients. Our tests are intended to
help guide decisions regarding patient treatment, which may include decisions to refer patients to specialists, to perform additional testing, or to assist in the selection of therapy. A distinctive feature of our approach is to combine multiple
markers into a single, reportable index score that has higher diagnostic accuracy than its constituents. We concentrate our development of novel diagnostic tests in the fields of oncology, hematology, cardiology and womens health, with the
initial focus on ovarian cancer. We also intend to address clinical questions related to early disease detection, treatment response, monitoring of disease progression, prognosis and others through collaborations with leading academic and research
institutions. Management we, us or our concentrates its development of
novel diagnostic tests in the fields of oncology, hematology, cardiology and womens health, with the initial focus on ovarian cancer. We also intend to address clinical questions related to early disease detection, treatment response,
monitoring of disease progression, prognosis and others through collaborations with leading academic and research institutions such as our strategic alliance agreement with Quest Diagnostics. 
On March30, 2009, we filed for relief under the Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code. We emerged from bankruptcy
protection on January22, 2010, pursuant to the terms of a January5, 2010 order entered by the Bankruptcy court approving our Second Amended Plan of Reorganization under Chapter 11. 
Our lead product, OVA1, was cleared by the FDA on September11, 2009. OVA1 addresses a clear unmet clinical need,
namely the pre-surgical identification of women who are at high risk of having a malignant ovarian tumor. Numerous studies have documented the benefit of referral of these women to gynecologic oncologists for their initial surgery. Prior to the
clearance of OVA1, no blood test had been cleared by the FDA for physicians to use in the pre-surgical management of ovarian adnexal masses. OVA1 is a qualitative serum test that utilizes five well-established biomarkers and proprietary FDA-cleared
software to determine the likelihood of malignancy in women over age 18, with a pelvic mass for whom surgery is planned. OVA1 was developed through large pre-clinical studies in collaboration with numerous academic medical centers encompassing over
2,500 clinical samples. OVA1 was fully validated in a prospective multi-center clinical trial encompassing 27 sites reflective of the diverse nature of the clinical centers at which ovarian adnexal masses are evaluated. The results of the clinical
trial demonstrated that among non-gynecologic oncologists, OVA1, in conjunction with clinical 
36 Table of Contents
evaluation, was able to identify 917% of the malignant ovarian tumors and to rule out malignancy NPV with 932% certainty. Recently, data were presented at the 2010 International Gynecologic
Cancer Society Meeting demonstrating the high sensitivity of OVA1 for epithelial ovarian cancers; overall OVA1 detected 95/96 epithelial ovarian cancer cases for a sensitivity of 990%, including 40/41 stage I and stage II epithelial ovarian
cancers, for an overall sensitivity of 976% for early stage epithelial ovarian cancers, as compared to 659% for CA125 using the ACOG cutoffs. The improvement in sensitivity was even greater among premenopausal women; for OVA1, sensitivity for
early stage epithelial ovarian cancer was 929% and for CA125, sensitivity was 357%. Overall, OVA1 detected 76% of malignancies missed by CA125, including all advanced stage malignancies. OVA1 is not indicated for use as a screening or stand-alone
diagnostic assay. In addition to OVA1, we have development programs in other clinical aspects of ovarian
cancer as well as in peripheral arterial disease. In the field of peripheral arterial disease, we have identified candidate biomarkers that may help to identify individuals at high risk for a decreased ankle-brachial index score, which is indicative
of the likely presence of PAD. We have initiated an intended-use study to validate a multi-marker algorithm for the assessment of individuals at risk for PAD. Current and former academic and research institutions that we have or have had collaborations with include the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine; the University of Texas M.D. Anderson Cancer
Center; University College London; the University of Texas Medical Branch; the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven; Clinic of Gynecology and Clinic of Oncology, Rigshospitalet, Copenhagen University Hospital; the Ohio State University Research
Foundation; Stanford University; and the University of Kentucky. OVA1 is currently being offered by Quest
Diagnostics. On March11, 2010, the Medicare contractor Highmark Medicare Services announced that it would cover OVA1 in its reimbursement program. Under the terms of our strategic alliance agreement with Quest Diagnostics, as amended, Quest
Diagnostics is required to pay us a fixed payment of $50 per OVA1 performed, as well as 33% of its gross margin from revenue from performing OVA1, as that term is defined in the strategic alliance agreement as amended. Quest Diagnostics
is the exclusive clinical laboratory provider of OVA1 in its exclusive territory, which includes the US, Mexico, Britain and India through September11, 2014. OVA1 was CE marked in September 2010, a requirement for marketing the test in the
European Union. Quest Diagnostics has the right to extend the exclusivity period for an additional year beyond September11, 2014 on the same terms and conditions. An estimated 6,155 OVA1s have been performed from the launch on March9,
2010 through December31, 2010. On February3, 2011, we received an award of two grants, approved
in November 2010, for the aggregate sum of $489,000 under the Internal Revenue Service Qualifying Therapeutic Discovery Projects Grant Program for our OVA2 and PAD programs. The grant relates to 2010 expenditures and was awarded to therapeutic or
diagnostic discovery projects that show a reasonable potential to result in new therapies or diagnostic tests that address areas of unmet medical need or that prevent, detect or treat chronic or acute diseases and conditions. 
On February18, 2011 we completed a follow-on public offering sale of 4,000,000 shares of our common stock in an
underwritten public offering at a price of $545 per share. We expect net proceeds of the offering will be approximately $20,200,000 after deducting underwriting discounts and expected offering expenses. Roth Capital Partners acted as the sole
manager of the offering. The underwriter has been granted a 30-day option to purchase up to 500,000 additional shares from the Company and 100,000 shares from a selling stockholder to cover over-allotments, if any. 
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The notes to the consolidated financial statements contain a summary of the Companys significant accounting policies that are presented in Part II Item8, Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We believe that it is important to have an understanding of certain policies, along with the related estimates that we are required to make in recording the financial transactions of the
Company, in 
37 Table of Contents
order to have a complete picture of the Companys financial condition. In addition, in arriving at these estimates, we are required to make complex and subjective judgments, many of which
include a high degree of uncertainty. The following is a discussion of these critical accounting policies and significant estimates related to these policies. Fair Value of Investments We classify all of our
marketable securities as available-for-sale. We carry these investments at fair value, based upon the levels of inputs described below. The amortized cost of securities in this category is adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretions of
discounts to maturity. Such amortization is included in interest income. Realized gains and losses are recorded in our statement of operations. If we believe that an other-than-temporary decline exists, it is our policy to record a write-down to
reduce the investments to fair value and record the related charge as a loss on investments in auction rate securities. Accounting Standards Codification ASC or Codification 820 Fair Value and Measurements defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or
paid to transfer a liability an exit price in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. ASC 820 also establishes a fair value hierarchy which
requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. The standard describes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value: 
Level 1 - Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
Level 2 - Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities, quoted
prices in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. Our short-term investments primarily utilize broker quotes in a
non-active market for valuation of these securities. Level 3 - Unobservable inputs that are supported by
little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. If a
financial instrument uses inputs that fall in different levels of the hierarchy, the instrument will be categorized based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value calculation. Our financial assets measured at fair value
on a recurring basis include securities available for sale. Securities available for sale include money market funds at December31, 2010 and auction rate securities through June 2010 in private placements of credit linked notes. 
Fair Value of Warrants Prior to January1, 2009, common stock warrants were recorded in stockholders equity in accordance with ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging and ASC 825, Financial instruments.
However in June 2008, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued new guidance now codified in ASC 815 that clarifies the determination of whether an instrument or an embedded feature is indexed to an entitys own
stock, which would qualify for classification as a liability. The new guidance was effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December15, 2008. The adoption of the new guidance on January1, 2009, resulted
in the reclassification of certain of our outstanding warrants from stockholders deficit to liability and a cumulative effect of change in accounting principle on our accumulated deficit. In addition, the stock warrants are required to be fair
valued at each reporting period, with the changes in fair value recognized in our consolidated statement of operations. We fair value the warrants using a Black Scholes valuation model. Since the outstanding common stock warrants are fair valued at
the end of each reporting period, any change in the underlying assumptions to the Black Scholes valuation model, including the volatility and price of our common stock, may have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements.
38 Table of Contents
Research and Development Costs 
Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Research and development costs consist primarily of payroll and
related costs, materials and supplies used in the development of new products, and fees paid to third parties that conduct certain research and development activities on behalf of the Company. Software development costs incurred in the research and
development of new products are expensed as incurred until technological feasibility is established. Stock-Based
Compensation We account for stock options and stock purchase rights related to our 2010 Stock Incentive
Plan the 2010 Plan, 2000 Stock Plan the 2000 Plan and 2000 Employee Stock Purchase Plan the 2000 ESPP under the provisions of ASC 718 which requires the recognition of the fair value of stock-based
compensation. The fair value of stock options and ESPP shares was estimated using a Black-Scholes option valuation model. This model requires the input of subjective assumptions in implementing ASC 718 including expected stock price volatility,
expected life and estimated forfeitures of each award. The fair value of equity-based awards is amortized over the vesting period of the award, and we have elected to use the straight-line method of amortization. Due to the limited amount of
historical data available to us, particularly with respect to stock-price volatility, employee exercise patterns and forfeitures, actual results could differ from our assumptions. 
We account for equity instruments issued to non-employees in accordance with the provisions of ASC 718 and ASC 505,
Equity. As a result, the non-cash charge to operations for non-employee options with vesting or other performance criteria is affected each reporting period by changes in the estimated fair value of our common stock. The two factors
which most affect these changes are the price of the common stock underlying stock options for which stock-based compensation is recorded and the volatility of the stock price. If our estimates of the fair value of these equity instruments change,
it would have the effect of changing compensation expenses. Contingencies 
We account for contingencies in accordance with ASC 450 Contingencies ASC 450. ASC 450 requires that an
estimated loss from a loss contingency shall be accrued when information available prior to issuance of the financial statements indicates that it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred at the date of the
financial statements and when the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Accounting for contingencies such as legal and contract dispute matters requires us to use our judgment. We believe that our accruals for these matters are adequate.
Nevertheless, the actual loss from a loss contingency might differ from our estimates. Income Taxes 
Our income tax policy records the estimated future tax effects of temporary differences between the tax basis of assets
and liabilities and amounts reported in the accompanying balance sheets, as well as operating loss and tax credit carry forwards. We have recorded a full valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets, as based on available objective
evidence; it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be realized. In the event that we were to determine that we would be able to realize our deferred tax assets in the future, an adjustment to the deferred tax assets would
increase net income in the period such determination was made. Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 
In April 2010, the FASB amended the authoritative guidance addressing accounting for arrangements in which a vendor
satisfies its performance obligations over time, with all or a portion of the consideration contingent on future events, referred to as milestones. The scope of the new guidance is limited to milestones in arrangements that involve
research or development activities, such as achieving a specific result from the 
39 Table of Contents
research or development efforts. The amendment provides guidance on the criteria that should be met for determining whether the milestone method of revenue recognition is appropriate. A vendor
can recognize consideration that is contingent upon achievement of a milestone in its entirety as revenue in the period in which the milestone is achieved only if the milestone meets all criteria to be considered substantive. A vendor that is
affected by the amendment is required to provide a description of the overall arrangement, a description of each milestone and related contingent consideration, a determination of whether each milestone is considered substantive, the factors that
the entity considered in determining whether the milestone or milestones are substantive, and the amount of consideration recognized during the period for the milestone or milestones. This amendment will be effective for our interim period ending
March31, 2011. The amendment is not expected to have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. In September 2009, the FASB issued ASU 2009-13, Multiple Deliverable Revenue Arrangements ASU 2009-13, which amended the accounting standards for multiple element arrangements to:  provide updated guidance on whether multiple deliverables exist, how the elements in an arrangement should be separated and how the consideration
should be allocated;  require an entity to allocate revenue in an arrangement using estimated selling prices ESP of each element if a vendor does not have
vendor-specific objective evidence of selling price VSOE or third-party evidence of selling price TPE; and  eliminate the use of the residual method and require a vendor to allocate revenue using the relative selling price method.
ASU 2009-13 is effective for fiscal years beginning after June 15, 2010, which for the
Company will be January 1, 2011, with early application permitted. The adoption of ASU 2009-13 is not expected to have a significant impact on the Companys consolidated financial statements. 
In February 2010, the SEC issued a policy statement and staff work plan regarding the potential use by United States
issuers of financial statements prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards IFRS. IFRS is a comprehensive series of accounting standards published by the International Accounting Standards Board. Under the
proposed timeline set forth by the SEC, we could be required in the future to prepare financial statements in accordance with IFRS, and the SEC is expected to make a determination in 2011 regarding the mandatory adoption of IFRS. We are currently
assessing the impact that this potential change would have on our consolidated financial statements, and will continue to monitor the development of the potential implementation of IFRS. 
In January 2010, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU No2010-6, Fair Value
Measurements and Disclosures, to amend the disclosure requirements related to recurring and nonrecurring fair value measurements. ASU 2010-6 requires new disclosures on the transfers of assets and liabilities between Level 1 quoted prices in
active market for identical assets or liabilities and Level 2 significant other observable inputs of the fair value measurement hierarchy, including the reasons and the timing of the transfers. Additionally, this guidance requires a roll forward
of activities on purchases, sales, issuance, and settlements of the assets and liabilities measured using significant unobservable inputs Level 3 fair value measurements. ASU 2010-6 is effective for the Company on January1, 2010, except for
the disclosure on the roll forward activities for Level 3 fair value measurements, which will become effective for the Company on January1, 2011. Other than requiring additional disclosures, adoption of this new guidance did not have a
material impact on our financial statements. 
40 Table of Contents
Results of Operations Year Ended December31, 2010 as compared to Year Ended
December31, 2009 The selected summary financial and operating data of Vermillion for the years ended
December31, 2010 and 2009 were as follows:  YearEndedDecember31 Increase Decrease dollars in thousands
2010 2009 Amount Revenue Product 308 308 License 867 867 Total revenue 1,175 1,175 Cost of revenue Product 88 88 Total cost of revenue 88 88 Gross profit 1,087 1,087 Operating expenses Research and development 3,848 2,346 1,502 64 Sales and marketing 2,857 455 2,402 528 General and administrative 8,984 2,562 6,422 251 Total operating expenses 15,689 5,363 10,326 193 Loss from operations 14,602 5,363 9,239 172 Interest income 40 28 12 43 Interest expense 491 1,691 1,200 71 Gain on investments in auction rate securities 58 58 Change in fair value and exercise of warrants, net 4,353 12,106 16,459 136 Debt conversion costs 141 819 678 83 Reorganization items 1,677 2,066 389 19 Reorganization items related party incentive plan 6,932 6,932 Other income expense, net 358 20 378 1,890 Loss before income taxes 19,034 22,037 3,003 14 Income tax benefit expense 11 11 Net loss 19,034 22,048 3,014 14 Product Revenue. Product revenue was $308,000 for the year ended
December31,2010. We recognized product revenue for the year ended December31,2010 for sales of OVA1 through Quest Diagnostics. OVA1 was launched on March9, 2010 and thus there was no product revenue for the year ended
December31, 2009. License Revenue. License revenue was $867,000 for the year ended
December31,2010. Under the terms of our secured line of credit with Quest Diagnostics, $3,000,000 principal was forgiven upon the achievement of FDA approval for OVA1. This amount is recognized as license revenue over the period of sales
exclusivity Quest Diagnostics received beginning on the OVA1 commercialization date of March9, 2010. Thus, there was no license revenue for the year ended December31, 2009. 
Cost of Product Revenue. Cost of product revenue includes royalties on net sales paid to JHU, as
well as sample acquisition and lot qualification costs related to the testing of reagent lots for the assays included in OVA1 to ensure they meet the specifications required for inclusion. Product cost of sales was $88,000 for the year ended
December31,2010. There was no cost of product revenue for the year ended December31, 2009. 
Research and Development Expenses. Research and development expenses represent costs incurred to
develop our technology and carry out clinical studies, and include personnel-related expenses, regulatory costs, 
41 Table of Contents
reagents and supplies used in research and development laboratory work, infrastructure expenses, including allocated facility occupancy and information technology costs, contract services and
other outside costs. Research and development expenses also include costs related to activities performed under contracts with our collaborators and strategic partners. Research and development expenses increased by $1,502,000, or 64%, for the year
ended December31,2010 compared to the same period in 2009. This increase included a $774,000 increase in stock-based compensation, a $454,000 increase in personnel-related expenses due to the increased headcount after the emergence from
bankruptcy under the Bankruptcy Code, and a $137,000 increase in collaboration and clinical trial costs due to our development in other clinical aspects of ovarian cancer as well as our intended-use study for PAD. These items were partially offset
by a $206,000 decrease in depreciation expense. Stock-based compensation expense increased to $992,000 for the year ended December31, 2010 compared to $219,000 for the same period in 2009. 
Sales and Marketing Expenses. Our sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of
personnel-related expenses, education and promotional expenses, and infrastructure expenses, including allocated facility occupancy and information technology costs. These expenses include the costs of educating physicians, laboratory personnel and
other healthcare professionals regarding OVA1. Sales and marketing expenses also include the costs of sponsoring continuing medical education, medical meeting participation and dissemination of scientific and health economic publications. Sales and
marketing expenses increased by $2,402,000, or 528%, for the year ended December31,2010 compared to the same period in 2009. The increase was primarily due to a $1,492,000 increase in personnel and personnel-related expenses, reflecting
the addition of fifteen sales and marketing employees in the year ended December31, 2010, and a $540,000 increase in marketing expenses related to the commercialization and launch of OVA1. 
General and Administrative Expenses. General and administrative expenses consist primarily of
personnel-related expenses, professional fees and other costs, including legal, finance and accounting expenses, and other infrastructure expenses, including allocated facility occupancy and information technology costs. General and administrative
expenses increased by $6,422,000, or 251%, for the year ended December31,2010 compared to the same period in 2009. The increase was primarily due to a $1,967,000 increase in legal, audit and tax related services and a $573,000 increase
in personnel-related expenses. Personnel, consulting, legal, audit and tax related expenses increased due to significant efforts to bring current all periodic reports required by the Exchange Act upon our emergence from bankruptcy. Stock-based
compensation expense was $831,000 and $328,000 for the years ended December31, 2010 and 2009, respectively. Under the terms of the Debtors Incentive Plan, we also incurred $3,037,000 as related party incentive expenses during the year
ended December31, 2010 for the value of the vested portions of restricted stock issued. Interest
Income. Interest income increased by $12,000, or 43%, for the year ended December31,2010, compared to the same period in 2009. Interest Expense. Interest expense decreased by $1,200,000, or 71%, for the year ended December31,2010, compared to the same period in 2009. Interest expense in both periods
consisted largely of interest related to our convertible senior notes and related party long-term debt; however, total debt outstanding at December31,2010 was $12,000,000 compared to $17,765,000 at December31,2009 and our
rate of interest was reduced in 2010 compared to 2009. Gain on Investment in Auction Rate
Securities. Gain on investment in auction rate securities totaled $58,000 for the year ended December31, 2010 compared to none in the same period for 2009. The auction rate securities were sold in July 2010,
eliminating our position in the investment. Change in Fair Value and Gain from Exercise of
Warrants, Net. The change in fair value and gain from exercise of warrants of $4,353,000 for the year ended December31, 2010 was primarily due to the change in our stock price during the year then ended. Effective January1, 2009,
the adoption of the new accounting guidance resulted in the reclassification of certain outstanding common stock warrants from stockholders deficit to liability, which further required re-measurement at the end of each reporting period.
42 Table of Contents
Debt Conversion Costs. Debt conversion costs for the year
ended December31, 2010 totaled $141,000 compared to $819,000 for the same period in 2009. During the year ended December31, 2009, we entered into exchange agreements with the 450% and 700% Note holders that included a more favorable
conversion rate compared to the original conversion rates under the terms of the 450% and 700% Notes. 
Reorganization Items. Reorganization items for the year ended December31,2010 totaled
$1,677,000 compared to $2,066,000 for the same period in 2009. Reorganization items include professional advisory fees and other costs directly associated with our Chapter 11 bankruptcy activities. 
Reorganization Items - Related Party Incentive Plan. Reorganization items for the year ended
December31,2010 amounted to $6,932,000. We paid $5,000,000 in cash and accrued $1,932,000 for the value of the vested portions of restricted stock under the Incentive Plan prior to us emerging from bankruptcy under the Bankruptcy
Code. Other Income Expense, Net. Net other income was
$358,000 for the year ended December31,2010 compared to $20,000 of expense for the same period in 2009. Other income for the year ended December31, 2010 included an award of two grants for the aggregate sum of $489,000 under the
Internal Revenue Service Qualifying Therapeutic Discovery Projects Grant Program for the OVA2 and PAD programs. Income Tax Benefit Expense. There was no income tax benefit or expense for the year ended December31,2010 compared to income tax expense of $11,000 for the same period
in 2009. Income tax expense in 2009 was due to foreign income taxes. 
43 Table of Contents
Results of Operations - Year Ended December31, 2009 as compared to Year Ended December31,
2008 The selected summary financial and operating data of Vermillion for the years ended December31,
2009 and 2008 were as follows:  YearEndedDecember31 IncreaseDecrease dollars in thousands
2009 2008 Amount Revenue Product 10 10 100 Service 114 114 100 Total revenue 124 124 100 Cost of revenue Product 4 4 100 Service 20 20 100 Total cost of revenue 24 24 100 Gross profit 100 100 100 Operating expenses Research and development 2,346 5,289 2,943 56 Sales and marketing 455 2,019 1,564 77 General and administrative 2,562 7,309 4,747 65 Total operating expenses 5,363 14,617 9,254 63 Loss from operations 5,363 14,517 9,154 63 Interest income 28 399 371 93 Interest expense 1,691 2,035 344 17 Loss on investments in auction rate securities 2,176 2,176 100 Change in fair value and exercise of warrants, net 12,106 12,106 Debt conversion costs 819 819 Reorganization items 2,066 2,066 Other income expense, net 20 41 21 51 Loss before income taxes 22,037 18,370 3,667 20 Income tax benefit expense 11 40 51 128 Net loss 22,048 18,330 3,718 20 Product Revenue. There was no product revenue for the year ended
December31, 2009. Product revenue of $10,000 was generated from the sales of thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura TTP test component material to The Ohio State University Research Foundation OSU for the year ended
December31, 2008. Service Revenue. There was no service revenue for the year ended
December31, 2009. Service revenue for the year ended December31, 2008, consisted of $66,000 received from a consortium supported by the European Union for advanced molecular diagnostics research performed, and $48,000 from support
services provided to a customer in accordance with a consortium agreement, which expired on March31, 2008. Cost of Product Revenue. There was no cost of product revenue for the year ended December31, 2009. Cost of product revenue related to sales of TTP test component material to OSU
was $4,000 for the year ended December31, 2008. Cost of Service Revenue. There was
no cost of service revenue for the year ended December31, 2009. Cost of service revenue for the year ended December31, 2008 were costs associated with support services provided to a customer in accordance with a consortium agreement,
which expired on March31, 2008. 
44 Table of Contents
Research and Development Expenses. Research and
development expenses decreased by $2,943,000, or 56%, to $2,346,000 for the year ended December31, 2009, from $5,289,000 for the same period in 2008. This decrease was primarily due to the reduction in employee headcount to one at
December31, 2009, from four at December31, 2008, and, correspondingly, salaries, payroll taxes, employee benefits and stock-based compensation decreased by $685,000, and travel expenses decreased by $64,000. Additionally, collaboration
costs decreased by $621,000 due to the completion of the whole blood specimen collection for OVA1 510k pre-market notification application by our clinical research organization; other professional services decreased by $260,000; materials and
supplies used in the development of new products decreased by $230,000 due to the completion of OVA1 clinical trials; depreciation and loss on disposal of assets decreased by $592,000; and occupancy costs decreased by $448,000 primarily due to the
reduction of rent expense related to our move into a smaller principal facility on July1, 2008. Stock-based compensation expense included in research and development expenses was $219,000 and $120,000 for the years ended December31, 2009
and 2008, respectively. Sales and Marketing Expenses. Sales and marketing expenses
decreased by $1,564,000, or 77%, to $455,000 for the year ended December31, 2009, from $2,019,000 for the same period in 2008. This decrease was primarily due to lower occupancy costs as a result of the reduction of rent expense related to our
move into a smaller principal facility on July1, 2008, by $418,000; payroll and related expenses by $697,000; outside services by $138,000; and travel expenses by $160,000. Stock-based compensation expense included in sales and marketing
expenses was $24,000 and $93,000 for the years ended December31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. 
General and Administrative Expenses. General and administrative expenses decreased by $4,747,000, or
65%, to $2,562,000 for the year ended December31, 2009, from $7,309,000 for the same period in 2008. The decrease was primarily due to $408,000 in payroll and related expenses; $1,212,000 in legal services, $917,000 in other professional
services; $793,000 in accounting and auditing fees; $114,000 in travel expenses; $922,000 in contingency relating to a contract dispute; $243,000 in depreciation and related expenses, and $218,000 in occupancy costs. The decrease was offset by an
accrual of $696,000 for related party severances, and an increase in other operating expenses of $117,000. Stock-based compensation expense included in general and administrative expenses was $328,000 and $423,000 for the years ended
December31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. Interest Income and Expense. Interest income was
$28,000 for the year ended December31, 2009, compared to $399,000 for the same period in 2008. Interest income decreased primarily due to lower interest yields and the reduction of investments available-for-sale and money market funds.
Interest expense was $1,691,000 for the year ended December31, 2009, compared to $2,035,000 for the same period in 2008. Interest expense in both periods consisted largely of interest related to our convertible senior notes and borrowings from
Quest Diagnostics. Interest expense included the amortization of the beneficial conversion feature associated with the 450% convertible senior notes and underwriter fees associated with the 700% convertible senior notes, which amounted to $150,000
and $211,000 for the years ended December31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. Loss on
Investment in Auction Rate Securities. There were no losses related to investments available-for-sale for the year ended December31, 2009. Loss on investment in auction rate securities was due to an
other-than-temporary charge on investments available-for-sale of $2,176,000 for the year ended December31, 2008. Change in Fair Value and Gain from Exercise of Warrants, Net. The change in fair value of warrants was $20,062,000 for the year ended December31, 2009 as a result of
warrant revaluations. Warrant exercise gain was $7,956,000 for the year ended December31, 2009. Effective January1, 2009, the adoption of the new accounting guidance resulted in the reclassification of certain outstanding warrants from
stockholders deficit to liability, which further required re-measurement at the end of each reporting period. 
45 Table of Contents
Debt Conversion Costs. Debt conversion costs were $819,000 for
the year ended December31, 2009. During the year ended December31, 2009, we entered into exchange agreements with the 450% and 700% Note holders that included a more favorable conversion rate compared to the original conversion
rates under the terms of the 450% and 700% Notes. Reorganization Items.
Reorganization items were $2,066,000 for the year ended December31, 2009. Reorganization items are expenses directly attributed to our Chapter 11 reorganization process such as advisory and professional service fees of $1,770,000
and expenses relating to the debtor-in-possession financing of $203,000. See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for a summary of these costs. 
Other Income Expense, Net. Net other expense was $20,000 for the year ended
December31, 2009, compared to $41,000 for the same period in 2008. Income Tax Benefit
Expense. Income tax expenses were $11,000 for the year ended December31, 2009. Income taxes were a benefit of $40,000 for the year ended December31, 2008. The income tax benefit was due to foreign income tax refunds.
Liquidity and Capital Resources We have experienced significant cumulative operating losses since inception and, as of December31,2010, had an accumulated deficit of $298,509,000. 
On March9, 2010, we commercially launched OVA1. We will continue to expend substantial resources in the selling and
marketing of OVA1, researching and developing additional key diagnostic tests, and obtaining FDA clearance and commercializing those products in addition to OVA1. We will continue to be in an accumulated deficit position unless sufficient revenues
can be generated to offset expenses. We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to meet our cash requirements for at least the next twelve months. On February18, 2011 we completed a follow-on public offering sale
of 4,000,000 shares of our common stock in an underwritten public offering at a price of $545 per share. We expect net proceeds of the offering will be approximately $20,200,000 after deducting underwriting discounts and expected offering expenses.
The successful achievement of our business objectives may require additional financing and therefore, we may
need to raise additional capital or incur indebtedness to continue to fund our future operations. We may seek to raise capital through a variety of sources, including:  the public equity market;  private equity financing;  collaborative arrangements;  licensing arrangements; and/or  public or private debt. Any additional equity financing may be dilutive to stockholders, and debt financing, if available, may involve restrictive covenants. Additional funding may not be available when needed or on terms
acceptable to us. If we are unable to obtain additional capital, we may be required to delay, reduce the scope of or eliminate our sales and marketing and research and development activities or not be able to pay the convertible senior notes. Our
future liquidity and capital requirements will depend upon many factors, including, among others:  resources devoted to establish sales, marketing and distribution capabilities;  the rate of product adoption by physicians and patients;  our determination to acquire or invest in other products, technologies and businesses; 
46 Table of Contents the market price of our common stock as it affects the exercise of stock options and the conversion terms of our convertible debt; and
the insurance payer communitys acceptance of and reimbursement for OVA1. 
Cash and cash equivalents as of December31,2010 and December31, 2009, were $22,914,000 and $3,440,000,
respectively. At December31,2010, working capital was $13,726,000, and at December31, 2009, working capital deficit was $636,000. Net cash used in operating activities was $20,935,000 for the year ended December31,2010, resulting primarily from operating losses incurred as adjusted for a change in fair value of warrants
and warrant exercises of $4,353,000 and non-cash license revenues of $867,000, partially offset by $141,000 in debt conversion costs, $114,000 depreciation and amortization, $1,900,000 stock-based compensation expense and $4,969,000 Debtors
Incentive Plan charges with related parties. Net cash used in operating activities also decreased by $3,803,000 of cash provided by changes in operating assets and liabilities mainly driven by the $3,928,000 in reorganization items. 
Net cash used in operating activities was $3,114,000 for the year ended December31, 2009, primarily as a result of
the $22,048,000 net loss reduced by $14,091,000 of non-cash expenses that included the net change in the fair value of warrants and warrant exercise gain of $12,106,000; debt conversion costs of $819,000; depreciation and amortization of $335,000;
stock-based compensation of $571,000; and amortization of convertible senior notes discount of $150,000. Net cash used in operating activities was offset by $4,843,000 of cash provided by changes in operating assets and liabilities. Net cash used in
operating activities was $3,114,000 in 2009 compared to $15,440,000 in 2008. Less cash was used in operating activities in 2009 as compared to 2008 due primarily to our Chapter 11 Bankruptcy Filing in March 2009 and subsequent curtailment of
operations. Net cash used in operating activities was $15,440,000 in 2008, primarily as a result of the $18,330,000 net loss offset by an adjustment for the Instrument Business Sale. 
Net cash provided by investing activities was $350,000 for the year ended December31,2010, primarily due to
the proceeds from sale of investments of $465,000 and the maturity of a certificate of deposit pledged as collateral on a letter of credit of $60,000 partially offset by $180,000 purchase of property and equipment. Net cash provided by investing
activities was $42,000 for the year ended December31, 2009, which primarily resulted from proceeds in connection with the maturity of a certificate of deposit pledged as collateral on a letter of credit. Net cash provided by investing
activities of $10,323,000 in 2008 primarily resulted from proceeds from sales of investments of $14,458,000 partially offset by purchases of investments of $4,100,000. 
Net cash provided by financing activities was $40,050,000 for the year ended December31,2010, which resulted
primarily from net proceeds of $42,782,000 in connection with our January 2010 private placement, offset by $2,195,000 in repayments of the 450% Notes and $400,000 of the debtor-in-possession financing with Quest Diagnostics. Net cash provided by
financing activities was $4,051,000 for the year ended December31, 2009, which resulted from net proceeds of $3,651,000 in connection with the exercise of stock warrants and debtor-in-possession financing of $400,000 received from a related
party. Net cash provided by financing activities was $3,000 in 2008 resulting from proceeds from the purchase of common stock through the employee stock purchase plan. 
47 Table of Contents
Contractual Obligations 
The following summarizes our contractual obligations at December31, 2010, and the effect such obligations are
expected to have on our liquidity and cash flow in future periods:  in thousands
Total 2011 2012 2013 Thereafter Loan from Quest Diagnostics Inc1 7,000 7,000 Interest payable on loan from Quest Diagnostics Inc2 465 263 202 Convertible senior notes 5,000 5,000 Interest payable on convertible senior notes2 133 133 Noncancelable collaboration obligations3 1,013 450 450 113 Noncancelable operating lease obligations 197 129 67 1 Purchase obligations Total contractual obligations 13,808 5,975 7,719 114  1
Principal amounts, not including interest. 2
Based on outstanding principal balance and interest rate as of December31, 2010. 3
The following are non-cancelable collaboration obligations: Research collaboration agreement with the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine;
Rigshospitalet, Copenhagen University Hospital; The Ohio State University Research Foundation; and Stanford University. 
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements As of December31, 2010, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements that are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of
operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources.  Item1.
Business 2 Item1A.
Risk Factors 16 Item1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments 26 Item2.
Properties 26 Item3.
Legal Proceedings 27 Item4. Removed and Reserved 29 PART II 30 Item5.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Our consolidated financial statements, including consolidated balance sheets as of December31, 2010 and 2009, consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December31, 2010, 2009
and 2008, consolidated statements of stockholders equity for the years ended December31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended December31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 and notes to our consolidated
financial statements, together with a report thereon of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, dated February 25, 2011, are attached hereto as pages F-1 through F-37.  Item1.
Business 2 Item1A.
Risk Factors 16 Item1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments 26 Item2.
Properties 26 Item3.
Legal Proceedings 27 Item4. Removed and Reserved 29 PART II 30 Item5.
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act of 1934, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SECs rulesand forms, and that
such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required financial disclosure. 
48 Table of Contents
An evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15e and Rule 15d-15e under the Exchange Act,
as of December31, 2010. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer have concluded that as of December31, 2010 our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15e and Rule 15d-15e under the Exchange Act, were effective. Management Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting We are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting. We have assessed the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of
December31, 2010. Our assessment was based on criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, or COSO, in Internal Control-Integrated Framework. 
Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America U.S. GAAP. Our internal control over
financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:  i
pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and dispositions of our assets;
ii
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP,
and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and board of directors; and  iii
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have
a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Based on using the COSO
criteria, management concluded our internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2010 was effective. The
effectiveness of the Companys internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2010 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears in
. Changes in internal control over financial reporting. 
There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended
December31, 2010 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Remediation of material weaknesses. As discussed in
