ITEM8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
The financial statements filed herewith are set forth on the Index to Financial Statements on page F-1 of the separate financial section which follows page 80
of this Report and are incorporated herein by reference. Item 1.
Business 1 Item1A.
Risk Factors 21 Item 1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments 35 Item 2.
Properties 35 Item 3.
Legal Proceedings 37 Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures 37 PART II Item 5.
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
The Companys management evaluated, with the participation of the Companys principal executive officers the Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer,the effectiveness of the Companys disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a- 15e under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based
on that evaluation, the principal executive officers have concluded that the Companys disclosure controls and procedures were effective, at a reasonable assurance level, as of the end of the period covered by this report. 
Managements Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15f. We maintain internal control over financial reporting designed to provide reasonable, but not absolute, assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent
or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk 
70 Table of Contents
that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Therefore, internal control over financial
reporting determined to be effective provides only reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our CEO and CFO, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in the 1992 Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on that evaluation, our management concluded
that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December31, 2014. Crowe Horwath LLP, an independent registered public
accounting firm, has audited the Companys consolidated financial statements and its subsidiaries as of December31, 2014 and for the year then ended included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and, as part of its audit, has issued its
report, included herein, on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting There has been no change in the Companys internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the year covered by this
report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Companys internal control over financial reporting.  ITEM9B.
OTHER INFORMATION None. 
71 Table of Contents
PART III 
