Item8.Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  The financial statements required pursuant to this item are included in Part IV,  of this Form 10-K and are presented beginning on page 56.
The supplementary financial information required by this item is included in the notes to the financial statements under the subsection entitled Quarterly Financial Information Unaudited, on page 85.  
Item1. Business
3 Item 1A. Risk Factors
18 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
33 Item 2. Properties
33 Item 3. Legal Proceedings
34 Item 4.Controls and Procedures  Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures.Our management evaluated, with the participation of our Chief Executive
Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief
Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms.  Managements annual report on internal control over financial reporting; audit report of the independent registered public accounting
firm.The information required to be furnished pursuant to these items is set forth under the captions Managements Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and Report of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm on pages 57 and 58, respectively, which are incorporated herein by reference.  Changes in internal control over financial reporting.There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the quarter ended December31, 2005 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  
Item1. Business
3 Item 1A. Risk Factors
18 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
33 Item 2. Properties
33 Item 3. Legal Proceedings
34 Item 4.Directors and Executive Officers of the Company  Directors  The members of our Board of Directors as of February15, 2006 are as follows:  Name
Age
Position with Pixar
Steve Jobs
50
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Edwin E. Catmull
60
President and Director
Skip M. Brittenham
63
Director
Susan L. Decker
42
Director
Joseph A. Graziano
61
Director
Lawrence B. Levy
46
Director
Joe Roth
56
Director
Larry W. Sonsini
65
Director
Mr.Jobs
is a co-founder of Pixar and has served as Chairman since March 1991 and as Chief Executive Officer since February 1986. He has been a director of Pixar since February 1986. In addition, Mr.Jobs is currently Chief Executive Officer and a
member of the Board of Directors of Apple Computer, Inc.  Dr.Catmull is a co-founder of Pixar and has served as President since January 2001. Dr.Catmull also served as Chief Technical Officer from the Companys inception until January 2001. Previously he was Vice President
of the Computer Division of Lucasfilm, Ltd., where he managed four development efforts in the areas of computer graphics, video editing, video games and digital audio. Dr.Catmull has been honored with four Scientific and Technical Engineering
Awards from The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences for his work, including an Oscar. He also won the Coons Award, which is the highest achievement in the computer graphics field, for his lifetime contributions and was awarded the animation industrys Ub Iwerks Award. Dr.Catmull is a member of the Academy
of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences and the National Academy of Engineering. Dr.Catmull earned his B.S. degrees in computer science and physics and his Ph.D. in computer science from the University of Utah.  Mr.Brittenham has served as a director of Pixar since August
1995. He is a senior partner with the entertainment law firm of Ziffren, Brittenham, Branca, Fischer, Gilbert-Lurie, Stiffelman Cook LLP, which was founded in 1978. Mr.Brittenham currently serves on the board of, or is a trustee of
numerous charitable organizations, including Conservation International, KCET, the Environmental Media Association and the Alternative Medical AIDS Foundation. Mr.Brittenham received a B.S. from the United States Air Force Academy and a J.D.
from the University of California, Los Angeles.  Ms.Decker has served as a director of Pixar since June 2004. She has served as Yahoo!s Chief Financial Officer since June 2000 and as Executive Vice President, Finance and Administration since January 2002. Prior to that,
Ms.Decker also served as Yahoo!s Senior Vice President, Finance and Administration from June 2000 to January 2002. From August 1986 to May 2000, Ms.Decker held several positions for Donaldson, Lufkin Jenrette, including
Director of Global Research from 1998 to 2000. Prior to 1998, she was a Publishing Advertising Equity Securities Analyst for 12 years. Ms.Decker also serves as a director on the boards of Costco Wholesale and the Stanford Institute
of Economic and Policy Research. Ms.Decker holds a B.S. degree from Tufts University with double majors in computer science and economics and a M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.  Mr.Graziano has served as a director of Pixar since August 1995. From June 1989 to December 1995, he was the
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and a member of the Board of Directors of Apple Computer, Inc. from June 1993 until October 1995. From May 1987 to June 1989, Mr.Graziano served as Chief Financial Officer of Sun
Microsystems, Inc. and from October 1981 to May 1985 as Chief Financial Officer of Apple. Mr.Graziano also serves as a director of Packeteer, Inc. Mr.Graziano received a B.S. in accounting from Merrimack College and is a certified public
accountant. 
48 Table of Contents
Mr.Levy has served as a director of Pixar since April 1999. Mr.Levy served as
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Pixar from February 1995 to March 1999. Mr.Levy served as Secretary of Pixar from October 1995 to March 1999. From June 2000 to December 2000, Mr.Levy was President and Chief
Executive Officer and a director of Shockwave.com. Prior to joining Pixar, he was Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer of Electronics for Imaging, Inc. EFI, a provider of hardware products for the digital color imaging market.
Prior to his tenure at EFI, he was a partner at the law firm of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich Rosati specializing in intellectual property protection and licensing. Mr.Levy received a B.S. in business and accounting from Indiana
University and a J.D. from Harvard Law School.  Mr.Roth, founder of Revolution Studios, has served as a director of Pixar since October 2000. Mr.Roth formed Revolution Studios in May 2000 to independently produce and finance films in partnership with Sony Pictures
Entertainment, Starz!/Encore Group and Fox Entertainment Group. Mr.Roth recently directed the family comedy Christmas with the Kranks, starring Tim Allen and Jamie Lee Curtis which is based on John Grishams best selling novel
Skipping Christmas, and is currently directing a film based on Richard Prices acclaimed novel Freedomland. In 2004, Mr.Roth produced the 76th Annual Academy Awards telecast. Prior to founding Revolution Studios, Mr.Roth served as Chairman of the Walt Disney Studios from April 1996 to
January 2000, Chairman of the Walt Disney Motion Picture Group from August 1994 to April 1996, and Chairman of Twentieth Century Fox from July 1989 to November 1992. In addition, Mr.Roth ran Caravan Pictures from 1992 to 1994. Prior to his
time at Twentieth Century Fox, Mr.Roth was a producer/director and co-founded Morgan Creek Pictures. Mr.Roth is a graduate of Boston University.  Mr.Sonsini has served as a director of Pixar since April 1995 and served as Secretary from April 1995 to October 1995. He has been an
attorney with the law firm of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich Rosati since 1966 and currently serves as Chairman. Mr.Sonsini also serves as a director for Echelon Corporation and Silicon Valley Bancshares. Mr.Sonsini received A.B. and
L.L.B. degrees from the University of California, Berkeley.  Executive
Officers  The information required by this item concerning
our executive officers is incorporated by reference to the information set forth in the section entitled Executive Officers of the Company at the end of Part I of this Form10-K.  Audit Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert  Pixar has a separately designated standing Audit Committee established in
accordance with Section3a58A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended the Exchange Act. The Audit Committee currently consists of Messrs. Graziano and Levy and Ms.Decker. The Board of Directors has
determined that each of Messrs. Graziano and Levy and Ms.Decker is 1an audit committee financial expert, as that term is defined in Item401h of Regulation S-K of the Exchange Act, and 2independent as defined
by the listing standards of the NASDAQ National Market and Section10Am3 of the Exchange Act.  Code of Ethics  We have
adopted a Code of Business Conduct that applies to all our directors, officers including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and controller and employees. The Code of Business Conduct can be found on our website at
http corporate.pixar.com/ in the Corporate Governance portion of our Investor Relations section. We will also post on this section of our website any amendment to the Code of Business Conduct, as well as any waivers that are required to be
disclosed pursuant to the rules of the SEC or the NASDAQ National Market. 
49 Table of Contents
Section16a Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance  Section16a of the Exchange Act Section 16a requires
our executive officers, directors and persons who own more than ten percent of our Common Stock, to file initial reports of ownership on Form 3 and changes in ownership on Form 4 or Form 5 with the SEC and the National Association of Securities
Dealers, Inc. Such executive officers, directors and ten-percent shareholders are also required by SEC rules to furnish Pixar with copies of all such forms that they file.  Based solely on our review of the copies of such forms received by us and written representations from certain reporting
persons that no Forms 5 were required for such persons, we believe that during fiscal 2005 all Section16a filing requirements applicable to our executive officers, directors and 10% shareholders were complied with.  
