ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA  
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  The Board of Directors and Stockholders of Sonic Foundry, Inc.  We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Sonic Foundry, Inc. the Company as of September 30, 2004, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year then ended. These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Companys management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. The consolidated financial statements of the company as of September 30, 2003
and for the years ended September 30, 2003 and 2002, were audited by other auditors. Those auditors expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements in their report dated November 14, 2003.  We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.  In our opinion, the 2004 financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2004 and the consolidated results of their operations and their
cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  Our audit was conducted for the purpose of forming an opinion on the basic financial statements taken as a whole. Schedule II, listed in the Index at 