ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTAL DATA
Reference is made to the Index to Financial Statements which appears on page
F-1 of this report. The Report of Independent Accountants, Financial Statements
and Notes to Financial Statements which are listed in the Index to Financial
Statements and which appear beginning on page F-2 of this report are
incorporated into this Item 8.
Item 1.    1
Item 1A. COMPANY RISK   12
Item 2.   21
Item 3. LEGAL   21
Item 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS.  22
PART II
Item 5. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
The following table presents our directors and executive officers, their
ages and the positions held by them as of December 31, 1999      Name      Age                 Position
Gerald W. Kearby. 52 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director
Robert G. Flynn. 45 Senior Vice President of Business Development and Secretary
Philip R. Wiser. 33 Senior Vice President of Engineering, Chief Technical Officer and Director
Gary J. Iwatani. 37 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Richard W. Wingate. 47 Senior Vice President of Content Development and Label Relations
James Lynch III. 36 Vice President of Information Technology
Kevin M. Malone. 34 Vice President of Sales
Mathieu Charly
Prevost. 51 Vice President of Promotions
Andrea Cook Fleming. 33 Vice President of Corporate Marketing
Heather Furmidge. 46 Vice President of Internet Business
Leon Rishniw. 34 Vice President of Engineering
Ann Winblad. 49 Director
Silvia Kessel. 48 Director
Sanford R. Climan. 44 Director
Eric P. Robison. 40 Director  Mr. Kearby co-founded Liquid Audio in January 1996. Since January 1996, Mr.
Kearby has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer and one of our
directors. From June 1995 to December 1995, Mr. Kearby was co-founder and Chief
Executive Officer of Integrated Media Systems, a manufacturer of computer-based
professional audio equipment. From January 1989 until June 1995, Mr. Kearby
served as Vice President of Sales and Marketing at Studer Editech Corporation,
a professional audio recording equipment company. Mr. Kearby holds a B.A. in
broadcast management and audio engineering from San Francisco State University.
Mr. Flynn co-founded Liquid Audio in January 1996. Since July 1999, Mr.
Flynn has served as our Senior Vice President of Business Development and
Secretary. From January 1996 to July 1999, Mr. Flynn served as our Vice
President of Business Development and Secretary. Mr. Flynn also served as our
Chief Financial Officer from January 1996 to August 1997 and as one of our
directors from January 1996 to June 1996. From March 1987 until November 1995,
Mr. Flynn served as a general partner of Entertainment Media Venture Partners
I, L.P., an institutional venture capital fund investing in the entertainment,
media and communications technology industries. During this time, Mr. Flynn
also served on the board of directors of Integrated Media Systems. Mr. Flynn
holds a B.A. in English from Stanford University and an M.B.A. from UCLA.
Mr. Wiser co-founded Liquid Audio in January 1996. Since July 1999, Mr.
Wiser has served as our Senior Vice President of Engineering and Chief
Technical Officer. From May 1996 to July 1999, Mr. Wiser served as our Vice
President of Engineering and from November 1998 to July 1999 as our Chief
Technical Officer. Since June 1996, he has also served as one of our directors.
From July 1995 to May 1996, Mr. Wiser served as a senior software engineer,
directing audio compression work at Chromatic Research, a multimedia
semiconductor device company. From October 1994 to July 1995, Mr. Wiser was a
senior software engineer and the director of digital signal processing research
for Studer Editech Corporation. From June 1994 to October 1994, Mr. Wiser was a
software engineer for Sonic Solutions, a developer of digital media tools.
Mr. Wiser holds a B.S. in electrical engineering from the University of
Maryland, College Park and an M.S. in electrical engineering from Stanford
University.                    33  Mr. Iwatani has served as our Senior Vice President since July 1999 and as
our Chief Financial Officer since August 1997. From May 1995 to April 1997, Mr.
Iwatani was the Chief Financial Officer of Berkeley Systems, Inc., a developer
and marketer of multimedia entertainment consumer software. From May 1991 to
March 1995, Mr. Iwatani served as Director of Finance and Operations at
Insignia Solutions, Inc., a utility software company. Mr. Iwatani holds a B.S.
in accounting from Santa Clara University, as well as a C.P.A. from the State
of California.
Mr. Wingate has served as our Senior Vice President of Content Development
and Label Relations since November 1999 and as our Vice President of Content
Development and Label Relations since August 1998. Mr. Wingate operated his own
new media marketing consulting company, Wingate Marketing, from July 1996 until
June 1998. From August 1997 to June 1998, Mr. Wingate was also a private music
industry consultant. From June 1994 to July 1996, Mr. Wingate was Senior Vice
President, Marketing for Arista Records Incorporated, a music recording
company. Prior to June 1994, Mr. Wingate held several senior management
positions with major music industry record labels, including Polygram, Inc. and
Columbia Records. Mr. Wingate holds a B.A. in communications from Brown
University.
Mr. Lynch has served as our Vice President of Information Technology since
November 1999. From August 1997 to November 1999, Mr. Lynch was Manager of
Integration Services at Wells Fargo & Company, a banking institution. From
November 1996 to August 1997, Mr. Lynch was an Internet development consultant,
providing services to several companies, including Internet service providers.
Prior to November 1996, Mr. Lynch owned Business Link Communications, a
prepress company, and worked as a music journalist and artist manager. Mr.
Lynch holds a B.A. in English from Columbia University.
Mr. Malone has served as our Vice President of Sales since February 1998.
From June 1997 to February 1998, Mr. Malone was our Director, International
Sales. From May 1993 to June 1997, Mr. Malone held a variety of positions at
Silicon Graphics, Inc., a manufacturer of work stations, servers and
supercomputing systems, including Manager, Strategic Marketing, Operations
Manager, Portugal and International Business Development Manager. Mr. Malone
holds a B.S. in business administration from the University of Arizona and an
M.B.A. in international business studies from the University of South Carolina.
Mr. Prevost has served as our Vice President of Promotions since December
1998. From April 1996 to November 1998, Mr. Prevost was Vice President, Retail
at The Album Network, a media company trade journal. Prior to April 1996, Mr.
Prevost was president of his own company, the Charly Prevost Company, a
multimedia management company. Mr. Prevost has also held several senior
management positions within the music recording industry, including president
of Island Records.
Ms. Fleming has served as our Vice President of Corporate Marketing since
June 1999. From February 1999 to June 1999, Ms. Fleming was our Director of
Corporate Marketing. From December 1995 to February 1999, Ms. Fleming served as
Public Relations Director at Netscape Communications Corporation, an Internet
services provider. From June 1994 to December 1995, Ms. Fleming was a Corporate
Public Relations Manager for Microsoft Corporation, a software company. Ms.
Fleming holds a B.A. in English from Stanford University.
Ms. Furmidge has served as our Vice President of Internet Business since
June 1999. From January 1999 to June 1999, Ms. Furmidge was an Executive
Producer for ZD TV LLC, an Internet cable channel integrating television and
Internet programming. From June 1997 to January 1999, Ms. Furmidge was an
Executive Producer for Netscape Communications Corporation. From December 1995
to June 1997, Ms. Furmidge served as a Senior Producer for Netscape
Communications Corporation. Prior to December 1995, Ms. Furmidge served as an
Engineering Project Manager for Apple Computer, Inc., a software company. Ms.
Furmidge holds a B.A. in international relations from Stanford University and
an M.B.A. in telecommunications from the University of San Francisco.
Mr. Rishniw has served as our Vice President of Engineering since October
1999. He was originally employed by us as a software engineer in August 1996,
became one of our Development Managers in January 1997 and Director of
Engineering in November 1998. From May 1995 until August 1996, Mr. Rishniw
served
34 as a senior software engineer for Studer Editech, a professional audio
recording equipment company. From August 1994 until May 1995, Mr. Rishniw
served as a software engineer for Signal Stream Technology, a medical imaging
technology provider. Mr. Rishniw holds a B.S. in engineering from Melbourne
Institute of Technology.
Ms. Winblad has served as one of our directors since May 1996. Ms. Winblad
has been a general partner of Hummer Winblad Venture Partners, a venture
capital investment firm, since 1989. She is a member of the board of trustees
of the University of St. Thomas and is an advisor to numerous entrepreneurial
groups such as the Software Development Forum, the Stanford/MIT Venture Forum
and the Massachusetts Computer Software Council, Software Industry Business
Practices. Ms. Winblad also serves on the boards of directors of Net
Perceptions Inc., a developer and supplier of realtime recommendation
technology for the Internet, The Knot, Inc., an Internet-based wedding services
company, and several private companies. Ms. Winblad holds a B.S. in mathematics
and business administration from the College of Saint Catherine and an M.A. in
education with an economics focus from the University of St. Thomas.
Ms. Kessel has served as one of our directors since October 1998. Since
November 1995, Ms. Kessel has held several positions at Metromedia
International Group, Inc., a global communications and media company, including
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. From January
1993 to June 1997, Ms. Kessel was Executive Vice President and a director of
Orion Pictures Corporation, a movie production company. Since January 1994, Ms.
Kessel has served as Senior Vice President of Metromedia Company, a privately-
held partnership. Ms. Kessel has also served as President of Kluge & Company, a
privately-held company, for over five years. Ms. Kessel is currently a director
and Executive Vice President of Metromedia Fiber Network, Inc., a fiber optic
network provider, and Big City Radio, Inc., an owner and operator of radio
station combinations in New York City, Chicago and Los Angeles. Ms. Kessel
received an M.B.A. in finance from Columbia University.
Mr. Climan has served as one of our directors since April 1999. Since
February 1999, Mr. Climan has been President of Entertainment Media Ventures,
Inc., an investment and advisory company focused on traditional and new media.
From October 1995 to May 1997, Mr. Climan was Executive Vice President and
President of Worldwide Business Development for Universal Studios, Inc., a
media production company. From June 1997 to February 1999 and from June 1986 to
September 1995, Mr. Climan was a member of the senior management team at
Creative Artists Agency, a talent and literary representation firm. Mr. Climan
also serves on the boards of directors of Equity Marketing, Inc., a provider of
custom promotional programs, and Sunterra Corporation, a developer and operator
of vacation ownership resorts. Mr. Climan holds a B.A. in chemistry from
Harvard College, an M.S. in health policy and management from the Harvard
School of Public Health and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.
Mr. Robison has served as one of our directors since April 1999. Since
January 1994, Mr. Robison has been a business development associate for Vulcan
Northwest, Inc., the holding company that manages all personal and business
interests for new media investor Paul G. Allen. Mr. Robison serves as a
Business Development Associate for Vulcan Ventures, Inc., the venture fund
division of Vulcan. Mr. Robison also serves on the boards of directors of CNET,
Inc., and Cumulus Media , Inc. Mr. Robison holds a B.A. in communication
studies from California State University, Sacramento and an M.A. from the
University of California, Davis.
Compliance with Section 16a Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Section 16a of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires our officers
and directors, and persons who own more than 10% of a registered class of the
Company equity securities, to file certain reports regarding ownership of,
and transactions in, our securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission
the SEC and with Nasdaq. Such officers, directors and 10% shareholders are
also required by SEC rules to furnish to us with copies of all Section 16a
forms that they file.
35  Based solely on its review of copies of Forms 3 and 4 and amendments thereto
furnished to us pursuant to Rule 16a-c and Forms 5 and amendments thereto
furnished to us with respect to the last fiscal year, and any written
representations referred to in Item 405b2i of Regulation S-K stating that
no Forms 5 were applicable to our officers, directors and 10% shareholders were
complied with, except a late filing of a Form 4 by Sanford R. Climan, resulting
in one purchase transaction not being reported on time, a late filing of a Form
4 by Silvia Kessel, resulting in one purchase transaction not being reported on
time, a late filing of a Form 4 by Eric P. Robison resulting in one purchase
transaction not being reported on time, a failure to file a Form 5 by Leon
Rishniw, resulting in one option grant not being reported, and a failure to
file a Form 3 by James Lynch III, resulting in one option grant not being
reported.
Board Composition
We currently have six directors. Our restated certificate of incorporation
divides our board of directors into three classes: Class I, whose term will
expire at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2000; Class II,
whose term will expire at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in
2001; and Class III, whose term will expire at the annual meeting of
stockholders to be held in 2002. The Class I directors are Sanford R. Climan
and Eric P. Robison, the Class II directors are Silvia Kessel and Ann Winblad
and the Class III directors are Gerald W. Kearby and Philip R. Wiser. At each
annual meeting of stockholders after the initial classification,
the successors to directors whose terms have expired will be elected to serve
from the time of election and qualification until the third annual meeting
following their election. In addition, our bylaws provide that the authorized
number of directors may be changed only by resolution of the board of
directors. Any additional directorships resulting from an increase in the
number of directors will be distributed among the three classes so that, as
nearly as possible, each class will consist of one-third of the total number of
directors. This classification of the board of directors may have the effect of
delaying or preventing changes in our control or management.
Each officer is elected by, and serves at the discretion of, the board of
directors. Each of our officers and directors, other than nonemployee
directors, devotes his or her full time to our affairs. Our nonemployee
directors devote the amount of time necessary to discharge their duties to us.
There are no family relationships among any of our directors, officers or key
employees.
Board Committees
The audit committee of the board of directors reviews our internal
accounting procedures and consults with and reviews the services provided by
our independent accountants. The audit committee currently consists of Silvia
Kessel, Eric P. Robison and Ann Winblad.
The compensation committee of the board of directors reviews and recommends
to the board of directors the compensation and benefits of all of our executive
officers, administers our stock and option plans and establishes and reviews
general policies relating to compensation and benefits of our employees. The
compensation committee currently consists of Ann Winblad and Sanford R. Climan.
No interlocking relationships exist between our board of directors or
compensation committee and the board of directors or compensation committee of
any other company, nor has an interlocking relationship existed in the past.
Director Compensation
Our directors do not receive cash compensation for their service as members
of the board of directors, although they are reimbursed for certain expenses in
connection with attendance at board and committee meetings. We do not provide
additional compensation for committee participation or special assignments of
the board of directors. In April 1999, we granted Sanford R. Climan options to
purchase 20,000 shares of common stock under our 1996 Equity Incentive Plan.
36 Change of Control Arrangements
We have granted options to purchase common stock to Gary J. Iwatani and
James Lynch III. The shares underlying the options are subject to a vesting
schedule that accelerates with respect to the lesser of 25% of the total
number of shares subject to each option or the remaining unvested shares upon
certain corporate transactions, as described in each individual option grant.
