Item8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Our Consolidated Financial Statements,
together with the related notes and the associated Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms, are set forth on the pages indicated in . 
65 Table of Contents Item 1.
Business 4 Item 1A.
Risk Factors 22 Item 1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments 36 Item 2.
Properties 37 Item 3.
Legal Proceedings 38 Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures 38 PART II Item 5.
Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
Our management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15e and 15d-15e under the Exchange Act as of the end of the period covered by this annual report. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed
and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Our disclosure controls and
procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this annual report, our chief executive officer
and chief financial officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
Managements Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over
financial reporting is defined in Rules 13a-15f and 15d-15f promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Companys principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the
Companys board of directors, management, and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. Such internal control includes those policies and procedures that:  Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of
the Company;  Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and  Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Companys assets
that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control
over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting as of December31, 2015. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth in Internal Control-Integrated Framework 2013issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission COSO. Based on its assessment, our management has determined that, as of December31, 2015, our internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria. 
KPMG LLP has issued an attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting. This report is included in the Reports of
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms in . 
66 Table of Contents
Remediation of Material Weakness 
The material weakness that was previously disclosed as of December31, 2014 was remediated as of December31, 2015. See
