ITEM 8 - FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
The information in response to this item is included in our
consolidated financial statements, together with the report thereon of KPMG LLP,
appearing on pages F-1 through F-24 of this Form 10-K, and in Item 7 under the
heading Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations. Item 1.  Description of Business                          3
Item 2.  Properties                                13
Item 3.  Legal Proceedings                            14
Item 4 - CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
The Company maintains a system of disclosure controls and procedures
that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the
Company in this Form 10-K, and in other reports required to be filed under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the rules and forms for such filings.
Management of the Company, under the direction of the Company Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, reviewed and performed an evaluation of the
effectiveness of the Company disclosure controls and procedures at the end of
the period. Based on that review and evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer, along with other key management of the Company, have
determined that the disclosure controls and procedures were and are effective as
designed to ensure that material information relating to the Company and its
consolidated subsidiaries would be made known to them on a timely basis.
CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROLS
There were no significant changes in the Company internal controls
during the quarter ended December 31, 2004.
Item 1.  Description of Business                          3
Item 2.  Properties                                13
Item 3.  Legal Proceedings                            14
Item 4 - DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
T. KENDALL KEN HUNT -- Mr. Hunt is Chairman of the Board and Chief
Executive Officer. He served as our Chief Executive Officer through June 1999.
He returned as CEO in November 2002. He has been a director since July 1997 and
currently serves a one-year term. He served since 1990 as Chairman and President
of our predecessor, VASCO Corp. He is also affiliated with several high-tech
early-stage companies, serving as a member of their Board of Directors. He is a
co-founder and on the board of Secured Services, Inc., a publicly-held company,
listed on the Nasdaq Symbol: ssvc. Mr. Hunt is President of the Belgian
Business Club of Chicago. Additionally, he is on the Advisory Board for the
Posse Foundation, an organization dedicated to providing full college
scholarships to urban minority youth leaders through its partnerships with elite
universities across the U.S. He holds an MBA from Pepperdine University, Malibu,
California, 1979, and a BBA from the University of Miami, Florida, 1965. Mr.
Hunt is 61 years old.
MICHAEL P. CULLINANE -- Mr. Cullinane has been a director since April
10, 1998 and currently serves a one-year term. He is the Chairman of our Audit
Committee and a member of our Compensation Committee and our Governance and
Nominating Committee. Mr. Cullinane currently serves as the Executive Vice
President and Chief Operating Officer of Lakeview Technology. Mr. Cullinane
served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and a
director of Divine, Inc. from July 1999 to May 2003. He served as Executive Vice
President, Chief Financial Officer and a director of PLATINUM Technology
International, Inc. from 1988 to June 1999. On February 25, 2003, Divine, Inc.
filed for protection under the federal bankruptcy laws. Mr. Cullinane received a
B.B.A. from the University of Notre Dame, South Bend, Indiana. Mr. Cullinane is
55 years old.
MICHAEL A. MULSHINE -- Mr. Mulshine has been a director since July 1997
and currently serves a one-year term. He served since 1992 as a director of our
predecessor, VASCO Corp. He is the Chairman of our Compensation Committee and a
member of our Audit Committee and our Governance and Nominating Committee. He
is, and since 1979 has been, a principal of Osprey Partners, a management
consulting firm. From 1985 to 2003 he served as a director and corporate
secretary of SEDONA Corporation, a provider of web-based Customer Relationship
Management CRM solutions for small and mid-sized financial services companies.
Additionally, Mr. Mulshine is a director of Prediction Systems, Inc., a
privately held software engineering company specializing in the technology of
modeling and simulation. Mr. Mulshine received a B.S. in Electrical Engineering
from Newark College of Engineering of the New Jersey Institute of Technology,
Newark, New Jersey. Mr. Mulshine is 65 years old.
JOHN R. WALTER -- Mr. Walter has been a director since April 2003 and
currently serves a one-year term. He is Chairman of our Governance and
Nominating Committee and is a member of our Audit Committee and our Compensation
Committee. Mr. Walter is Chairman and CEO of Ashlin Management Co., a private
investment and management services firm. Mr. Walter also serves as a director
for Abbott Laboratories, Inc., Deere & Company, Manpower, Inc., and SNP
Corporation of Singapore. Mr. Walter served as President and Chief Operating
Officer of AT Corporation from 1996 to 1997. He served as Chairman and CEO of
R.R. Donnelley & Sons Company, a print and digital information management
company, from 1989 through 1996. Mr. Walter received a B.S. degree in management
from Miami University, Oxford, Ohio. Mr. Walter is 58 years old.
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
JAN VALCKE -- Mr. Valcke is President & Chief Operating Officer. Mr.
Valcke has been an officer of the Company since 1996. From 1992 to 1996, he was
Vice-President of Sales and Marketing of Digipass NV/SA, a member of the
Digiline group. He co-founded Digiline in 1988 and was a member of the Board of
Directors of Digiline. Mr.Valcke received a degree in Science from St. Amands
College in Kortrijk, Belgium. Mr. Valcke is 51 years old.                    35     CLIFFORD K. BOWN -- Mr. Bown is Executive Vice President & Chief
Financial Officer. Mr. Bown started his career with KPMG LLP where he directed
the audits for several publicly held companies, including a global leader that
provides integrated and embedded communications solutions. From 1991 to 1993, he
was CFO for publicly held XL/DATACOMP, a $300 million provider of midrange
computer systems and support services in the U. S. and U. K. Mr. Bown also held
CFO positions in two other companies focused on insurance and healthcare from
1995 through 2001. Mr. Bown received a B.S. in Accountancy from the University
of Illinois, Urbana, Illinois, his MBA from the University of Chicago, and he
has a CPA certificate. Mr. Bown is 53 years old.
AUDIT COMMITTEE FINANCIAL EXPERT
The Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Cullinane, Chairman of
the Audit Committee, Mr. Mulshine, member of the Audit Committee and Mr. Walter,
member of the Audit Committee, each qualify as a financial expert and has
designated each person as a financial expert. Each member of the Audit Committee
has been determined to be independent as defined by The Nasdaq Stock Market,
Inc. and the Securities and Exchange Commission.
SECTION 16A BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP COMPLIANCE
Section 16a of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires directors
and executive officers, and persons who beneficially own more than 10% of a
registered class of our equity securities, to file reports of ownership and
changes in ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission and The Nasdaq
Stock Market, Inc. Directors, executive officers and beneficial owners of more
than 10% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock are required by Commission
regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16a forms that they file.
Based solely on review of the copies of such forms or written representations
that no reports under Section 16a were required, and except as previously
disclosed in the Company proxy statement filed on May 10, 2004, we believe
that for the year period ended December 31, 2004, all of the Company
directors, executive officers and greater than 10% beneficial owners complied
with Section 16a filing requirements applicable to them.
CODE OF ETHICS
The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to all of its
employees, including its principal executive officer and principal financial
officer. The Code of Ethics, was filed in the prior year and is noted as Exhibit
1054 herein.                    36 