ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
Refer to the following information included in FactSet fiscal year 1999 Annual
Report to Stockholders, which is incorporated herein by reference Consolidated Statements of  23
Consolidated Statements of Financial  24-25
Consolidated Statements of Changes in  26-27
Consolidated Statements of Cash  28-29
Notes to Consolidated Financial  30-43
Report of Independent  45
Item 1. 
Item 2. 
Item 3. Legal 
Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.4
PART II
Item 5. Market for Registrant Common Stock and Related Stockholder Matters.4
Item 6.DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT The Directors and Executive Officers of FactSet Research Systems Inc. as of
November 23, 1999 were as follows Name               Age         Position with the Company
Howard E. Wille          71         Chairman of the Board of Directors,
Chief Executive Officer and Director
Charles J. Snyder 1       57         Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors and Director
Michael F. DiChristina2     37         President
Ernest S. Wong           45         Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary
John D. Connolly          56         Director
David R. Korus           38         Director
Joseph E. Laird, Jr.        53         Director
John C. Mickle           73         Director
Walter F. Siebecker        58         Director
1 As of August 31, 1999, Mr. Snyder retired from his position as President and
Chief Technology Officer. On September 1, 1999, he became Vice Chairman of the
Board of Directors and a consultant to the Company engineering and technology
groups.
2 As of September 1, 1999, Mr. DiChristina assumed the role of President.
Howard E. Wille, Chairman of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer and
Director. Mr. Wille was a founder of the Company in 1978 and has held his
current positions with the Company since that time. From 1966 to 1977, Mr. Wille
was a Partner and Director of Research at Faulkner, Dawkins & Sullivan, Inc., a
Wall Street investment firm, and held a managerial position with Shearson Hayden
Stone, Inc. after its acquisition of Faulkner, Dawkins & Sullivan, Inc. in 1977.
He was President and Chief Investment Officer of Piedmont Advisory Corporation
from 1961 to 1966 and prior to that time served as a securities analyst,
investment manager and investment counselor for several firms. Mr. Wille has
been a Director of the Company since its formation in 1978.
Charles J. Snyder, Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors and Director. Mr.
Snyder retired as President and Chief Technology Officer of FactSet on August
31, 1999. At the time of his retirement, he became Vice Chairman of the Board
and agreed to continue as a consultant to the Company engineering and
technology groups. Mr. Snyder was a founder of FactSet in 1978 and held the
position of President and Chief Technology Officer from 1978 to August 1999.
From 1964 to 1977, Mr. Snyder worked for Faulkner, Dawkins & Sullivan, Inc.,
eventually becoming Director of Computer Research, a position he retained with
Shearson Hayden Stone, Inc. after its acquisition of Faulkner, Dawkins &
Sullivan, Inc. in 1977. Mr. Snyder has been a Director of the Company since its
formation in 1978.
Michael F. DiChristina, President. Mr. DiChristina joined the Company in 1986 as
a software engineer and has held the position of Director of Software
Engineering for the past nine years. Prior to joining the Company, he was a
software engineer at Morgan Stanley & Co. Mr. DiChristina received a B.S. in
Electrical Engineering from Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Ernest S. Wong, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary.
Mr. Wong joined the Company in his current position in June 1996. Between 1991
and 1996, he held several positions with Montedison SpA including Vice
President, Finance and Treasurer of Montedison USA, Inc. and Director of
Corporate Finance of Montedison Corporation of America. From 1988 to 1991, he
was Vice President in the North American Banking Group of The First National
Bank of Chicago, and prior to that time served as Manager of Domestic Finance at
PepsiCo, Inc. and Second Vice President in the Corporate Bank of The Chase
Manhattan Bank. Mr. Wong received a B.A. in Psychology from Cornell University
and an M.B.A. in Finance from Columbia University Graduate School of Business.
6
John D. Connolly,  Director.  Mr. Connolly is an experienced investment
professional with a long career in the financial services industry. He retired
as a principal/partner and portfolio manager with Miller Anderson & Sherrerd,
serving that firm from 1990 to 1998. From 1984 to 1990, Mr. Connolly served as
Senior Vice President, Chief Investment Strategist for Dean Witter Reynolds.
Prior to joining Dean Witter, he held the position of Senior Vice President,
Director of Research for Shearson/American Express. Mr. Connolly has also held
various senior positions with E.F. Hutton; White Weld, Faulkner, Dawkins &
Sullivan, Inc.; National Securities & Research; and Citibank. Mr. Connolly is a
member of the Audit Committee and has served on the board since January 1999.
David R. Korus, Director. Mr. Korus is a Managing Member and Portfolio Manager
with Owenoke Capital Management LLC. Prior to founding Owenoke in 1998, Mr.
Korus managed technology assets for Westcliff Capital Management LLC and Kingdon
Capital Management, both of which are large diversified hedge funds. Mr. Korus
began his career in 1983 with Kidder, Peabody & Co Kidder researching
technology stocks. Later he became Chairman of the Research Steering Committee
at Kidder and was responsible for managing the technology research department.
Mr. Korus is a member of the Compensation Committee and has served on the Board
since July 1997.
Joseph E. Laird, Jr., Director. Mr. Laird serves as Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer of Laird Squared LLC, an investment banking company that he formed in
1999. Previously, Mr. Laird was a Managing Director of Veronis, Suhler &
Associates, a small leading specialty investment bank that serves the media and
information industries since 1989. From 1982 to 1989, he was an institutional
equity salesman and a senior securities analyst of database information services
for Hambrecht & Quist. From 1975 to 1982, Mr. Laird was an institutional equity
salesman and investment strategist for Paine Webber Mitchell Hutchins. Mr. Laird
is the Chairman and a member of the Compensation Committee and has served on the
Board since 1993.
John C. Mickle, Director. Mr. Mickle has been President of Sullivan, Morrissey &
Mickle Capital Management Corporation since 1978. Mr. Mickle is an experienced
investment advisor, having held prior positions with Shearson Hayden Stone,
Inc., UBS-DB Corporation, and Faulkner, Dawkins & Sullivan, Inc. Mr. Mickle is
also a Director of Mickelberry Communications Inc. Mr. Mickle is the chairman
and a member of the Audit Committee and has served on the Board since November
1997.
Walter F. Siebecker, Director. Mr. Siebecker joined the National Securities
Clearing Corporation NSCC in 1996 as a Managing Director in charge of the
organization Annuity Processing Service. Mr. Siebecker background is in
retail and institutional investment services in the domestic and global markets.
Prior to joining NSCC, Mr. Siebecker was a consultant to the Trading Services
Division at Lehman Brothers and spent 16 years at Salomon Smith Barney Inc.,
where he was responsible for the operations division as Executive Vice President
and Chief Operations Officer. Mr. Siebecker is a member of the Audit Committee
and has served on the Board since November 1997.
The information set forth under the caption Section 16a Beneficial Ownership
Reporting Compliance contained on page 3 of the definitive Proxy Statement
dated November 23, 1999 is incorporated herein by reference.
