Item 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Our consolidated financial statements are included in this Annual Report on Form10-K beginning on pageF-1. Our selected quarterly financial data for each of the quarterly periods ended March31, June30, September30 and December31 for 2015 and 2014 is included in Note 18 in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report on Form10-K. Item 1. Business 1 Item 1A. Risk Factors 22 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 52 Item 2. Properties 53 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 53 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 53 PARTII Item 5.CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Disclosure controls and procedures Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule13a-15eunder the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as of the end of the period covered by this report.Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. Changes in internal control over financial reporting There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule13a-15funder the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during our most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Managements Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that i pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and dispositions of our assets ii provide reasonable assurance that our transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of our financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and our directors; and iii provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate.  85 Table of Contents Our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework 2013 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO.Based on this evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December31, 2015. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2015 has been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears in aof this Annual Report on Form10-K. Item 1. Business 1 Item 1A. Risk Factors 22 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 52 Item 2. Properties 53 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 53 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 53 PARTII Item 5. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The information required by this Item will be set forth in our Proxy Statement for the 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which information is hereby incorporated herein by reference. The information required by this Item with respect to the identity and business experience of our executive officers is set forth on page20 of this Annual Report on Form10-K under the caption Executive Officers of the Registrant. 