Item8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Our Consolidated Financial Statements required by this item are included on the pages
immediately following the Index to Financial Statements appearing on page F-1. Item1. Business
2
Item1A. Risk Factors
9
Item1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
20
Item2. Properties
21
Item3. Legal Proceedings
32
Item4. Controls and Procedures Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures As of December31, 2007, our management, including our principal executive officer and
principal financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our
disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule13a-15b under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934. There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and
procedures, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of the
controls and procedures. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and procedures can only
provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. Based upon and as of the date
of the evaluation, our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer concluded
that the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a
reasonable assurance level. Managements Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule13a-15f. Because of its
inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject
to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the
degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Under the supervision and
with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO. Based on our evaluation
under the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the COSO, our management
concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December31, 2007. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2007 has
been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their
report, which is included herein. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth
quarter of 2007 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our
internal control over financial reporting. Item9B. Other Information None. PART III 