ITEM8.
Financial Statements and Selected Quarterly Financial Data. The Financial Statements and Selected Quarterly Financial Data required by this item are included in Part IV, a1 and are presented beginning on Page F-1.  Item 1. Business
1 Item 1A. Risk Factors
21 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
30 Item 2. Properties
30 Item 3. Legal Proceedings
30 Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
32 PART II Item 5.
Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Effectiveness of
Disclosure Controls and Procedures We have performed an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management,
including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a15e and 15d15f under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 the Exchange
Act.Based upon this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December31, 2005, the disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in
our Exchange Act filings is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commissions rules and forms. Managements Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting and for performing an assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2005. Our internal control assessment
process was designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and board of directors regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements in accordance with U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles. 
- 50 - Table of Contents
All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations and may not prevent
or detect misstatements. Therefore even those systems determined to be effective can only provide reasonable assurance with respect to financial reporting reliability and financial statement preparation and presentation. In addition, projections of
any evaluations of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls become inadequate because of changes in conditions or the deterioration of compliance with the policies or procedures in place may occur. We assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2005. In making this assessment, we used the
criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework.Based on our assessment, management concluded that, as of December31, 2005, the
Companys internal control over financial reporting was effective to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles. Our managements assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial
reporting as of December31, 2005 has been audited by Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm. This report appears on page F-2 in our Financial Statements. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There have been no change in our internal controls over financial reporting during our most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting.
Item 1. Business
1 Item 1A. Risk Factors
21 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
30 Item 2. Properties
30 Item 3. Legal Proceedings
30 Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
32 PART II Item 5.
Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant. The following table sets forth certain biographical information concerning our current executive officers:  Name
Age
Positions
Joseph F. Pinkerton, III
42
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
James Clishem
49
President and Chief Operating Officer
John K. Penver
43
Vice President of Finance, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary
Joseph F. Pinkerton, III, our founder, has served as our Chief Executive Officer and
director since August 1992. From August 1992 until November 2005 he also served as our President. He was elected Chairman of the Board in December 2001. Mr.Pinkerton formed our company in 1992 as Magnetic Bearing Technologies, Inc. Prior to
founding Active Power, Mr.Pinkerton was a principal with Fundamental Research Company FRC, in Walled Lake, Michigan. Mr.Pinkerton received a B.A. in Physics from Albion College, in association with Columbia University. James Clishem was hired as our Vice President of Business Development in June 2005.He was promoted to be our President and Chief Operating
Officer in November 2005.Mr.Clishem came to Active Power from Peregrine Systems, Inc., a publicly traded enterprise software company, where he served as Vice President of Business Development focusing on global alliances since
2004.From 1999 until it was sold in 2004, he was founder-CEO of Xodiax, a profitable managed IT services business, which was recognized by Inc Magazine as one of the fastest growing privately held companies in the
country.Mr.Clishem also served as Vice President of Data Services for Broadwing Communications, where he had PL responsibility for a $150 million business unit.He has also held various senior roles at MCI, Ericsson, and Tandem
Computers. Mr.Clishem holds a B.S. and M.S. in electrical engineering from the University of Louisville and an M.B.A from Southern Methodist University in Dallas, Texas. John K. Penver was hired to become our Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance on February28, 2005. From May 2004 to February 2005, Mr.Penver served as Chief Financial Officer of
PerformanceRetail, Inc., a privately held retail management software company. Prior to that, Mr.Penver served as Chief Financial Officer of Factory Logic, Inc., a privately held enterprise-application software company, from September 2002 to
April 2004. From October 2001, to August 2002, Mr.Penver served as an independent business consultant to several privately held companies. From March 2000 to September 2001, Mr.Penver served as Chief Financial Officer and Vice President
of Finance and Human Resources for Yclip Corporation, a privately held internet-marketing software company. From February 1997 through March 2000, Mr.Penver was Vice President of Finance for Silicon Gaming, Inc., a publicly traded manufacturer
of high-technology slot machines for the gaming industry. Mr.Penver is a Certified Public Accountant and a Chartered Accountant, and holds a Bachelor of Business in 
- 52 - Table of Contents
Accounting from Monash University in Australia and an M.B.A. from Santa Clara University in California. Further information required by this Item will be included under the sections captioned Proposal One: Election of Directors, Executive
Compensation and Other Information, Compliance with Section16a of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Code of Ethics in our Proxy Statement for the 2006 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which information is
incorporated into this Annual Report by reference. Code of Ethics. We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that
applies to all officers, directors, employees and consultants. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is intended to comply with Item406 of Regulation S-K of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and with the applicable rules of The NASDAQ
Stock Market, Inc. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is posted on our internet website under the Company page. Our internet website address is http www.activepower.com. Further information required by this Item will be disclosed
in our Proxy Statement for the 2006 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which information is incorporated into this Annual Report by reference.  