Item8 hereof, for financial information about the Companys foreign and domestic operations and export sales required by this Item.
The Company uses a process of integrated lead qualification and sales demonstration. Once a customer opportunity is identified, the
Company employs a team-based sales approach involving inside and outside sales personnel who are supported by application engineers. Each product has a separate sales force who report to regional sales managers for all products. The Company employs
a variety of marketing techniques to promote brand awareness and customer identification. Research and Development The Company believes that its future success depends on its ability to maintain technological leadership, which will require ongoing enhancements of its
products and the development of new applications and products that provide 3-D measurement solutions. Accordingly, the Company intends to continue to make substantial investments in the development of new technologies, the commercialization of new
products that build on the Companys existing technological base, and the enhancement and development of additional applications for its products. The Companys research and development efforts are directed primarily at enhancing the functional adaptability of its current products and developing new and innovative products that respond to specific
requirements of the emerging market for 3-D measurement systems. The Companys research and development efforts have been devoted primarily to mechanical hardware, electronics and software. The Companys engineering development efforts
will continue to focus on enhancing our existing products and developing new products for the CAM2 market. At December31, 2006, the
Company employed 50 scientists and technicians in its research and development efforts. Research and development expenses were approximately $72 million in 2006 as compared to $64 million in 2005 and $54 million in 2004. We believe that the
continual development or acquisition of innovative new products is critical to our future success. The field of CAM2 and more broadly, 3-D measurement, continues to expand and new technologies and applications will be essential to competing in this
market. Research and development activities, especially with respect to new products and technologies, are 
6 Table of Contents
subject to significant risks, and there can be no assurance that any of the Companys research and development activities will be completed successfully
or on schedule, or, if so completed, will be commercially accepted. Intellectual Property The Company holds or has pending 65 patents in the United States and related patents worldwide. The Company also has 26 registered or pending trademarks
in the United States and worldwide. The Company relies on a combination of contractual provisions and trade secret laws to protect its
proprietary information. There can be no assurance that the steps taken by the Company to protect its trade secrets and proprietary information will be sufficient to prevent misappropriation of its proprietary information or preclude third-party
development of similar intellectual property. Despite the Companys efforts to protect its proprietary rights, unauthorized parties
may attempt to copy aspects of the Companys products or to obtain and use information that the Company regards as proprietary. The Company intends to vigorously defend its proprietary rights against infringement by third parties. However,
policing unauthorized use of the Companys products is difficult, particularly overseas, and the Company is unable to determine the extent to which piracy of its software products exists. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not
protect the Companys proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. The Company does not believe that any
of its products infringe on the proprietary rights of third parties. There can be no assurance, however, that third parties will not claim infringement by the Company with respect to current or future products. Any such claims, with or without
merit, could be time-consuming, result in costly litigation, cause product shipment delays or require the Company to enter into royalty or licensing agreements. Such royalty or licensing agreements, if required, may not be available on terms
acceptable to the Company or at all, which could have a material adverse effect upon the Companys business, operating results and financial condition. The Company has been defending itself in a patent infringement suit brought against the
Company by Romer-Cimcore a subsidiary of Hexagon on November25, 2003. See Item3Legal Proceedings Manufacturing and Assembly
The Company manufactures its products at its headquarters in Lake Mary, Florida, and at its plants in Kennett Square, Pennsylvania,
Schaffhausen, Switzerland, Stuttgart, Germany, and Singapore. Manufacturing consists primarily of assembling components and subassemblies, purchased from suppliers, into finished products. The primary components, which include machined parts and
electronic circuit boards, are produced by subcontractors according to the Companys specifications. All products are assembled, calibrated and tested for accuracy and functionality before shipment. In limited circumstances, the Company
performs in-house circuit board assembly and part machining. The Companys manufacturing, engineering, and design headquarters have
been registered to the ISO-9001 standard since July 1998. Semi-annual surveillance audits have documented continuous improvement to this multinational standard. The Company continues to examine its scope of registration as the business evolves and
has chosen English as the standard business language for its operations. This decision is expected to significantly influence the Companys operations and documentation globally. This has been done in concert with the ISO Standard Registrar,
and is expected to increase customer confidence in the Companys products and services worldwide. The Company takes a global approach
to ISO registration, seeking to have all locations registered with identical scope of accreditation and capabilities for the products generated and serviced. In 2004 FARO took this to the highest level possible. Our manufacturing sites in Lake Mary,
Kennett Square, Stuttgart, and Schaffhausen are now jointly registered to ISO-9001:2000. In addition, our service sites in the United States, Germany, Switzerland, Japan, China, and Brazil have been jointly accredited to ISO-17025 for Calibration
and Certification Laboratories by the Laboratory Accreditation Bureau. 
7 Table of Contents
Competition Our portable measurement systems compete in the broad market for measurement devices for manufacturing and industrial applications which, in addition to portable articulated arms, laser tracker and laser scanner
products, consist of fixed-base CMMs, templates and go/no-go gages, check fixtures, handheld measurement tools and various categories of surveying equipment. The broad market for measurement devices is highly competitive. In the Faro Gage product
line, we compete with manufacturers of handheld measurement tools and fixed-base CMMs, including some large, well-established companies. In the Faro Arm, Faro Scan Arm, Faro Laser Tracker, and Faro Laser Scanner LS product lines, we compete
primarily with Hexagon Metrology, a division of Hexagon. We also compete in these product lines with a number of other smaller competitors. We will be required to make continued investments in technology and product development to maintain the technological advantage that we believe we currently have over our competition. Some of our competitors, including some manufacturers of
fixed based CMMs and Hexagon, possess substantially greater financial, technical, and marketing resources than we possess. Moreover, we cannot be certain that our technology or our product development efforts will allow us to successfully compete as
the industry evolves. As the market for our portable measurement systems expands, additional competition may emerge and the Companys existing and future competitors may commit more resources to the markets in which the Company participates.
Government Regulation Our
operations are subject to numerous governmental laws and regulations, including those governing antitrust and competition, the environment, securities transactions and disclosures, import and export of products, currency conversions and
repatriation, taxation of foreign earnings and earnings of expatriate personnel and use of local employees and suppliers. Our foreign operations are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA, which makes illegal any
payments to foreign officials or employees of foreign governments that are intended to induce them to use their influence to assist us or to gain any improper advantage for us. The Company operates in certain regions that are more highly prone to
risk under the FCPA. Manufacturers of electrical goods have become subject to the European Unions Restrictions of Hazardous
Substances, RoHS and Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment WEEE directives, which took effect during 2006. Parallel initiatives are being proposed in other jurisdictions, including several states in the United States
and China. RoHS prohibits the use of lead, mercury and certain other specified substances in electronics products, and WEEE makes producers of electrical goods financially responsible for specified collection, recycling, treatment, and disposal of
covered electronic products and components. We expect that we will have our products in compliance with the RoHS directive in time.
However, if we are unable to do so, we would be unable to sell our products in European Union countries, as well as possible several states in the United States and China, which would have a material adverse effect on our sales and results of
operation. Backlog At
December31, 2006, the Company had orders representing approximately $103 million in product sales outstanding. The majority of these specific orders were shipped by February29, 2007, and, as of February29, 2007, the Company had
orders representing approximately $120 million in product sales outstanding. At December31, 2005 and 2004, the Company had orders representing approximately $73 million and $51 million in product sales outstanding, respectively. 
The Companys increase in backlog at December31, 2006 is consistent with the Companys overall sales growth and includes planned
customer delivery dates in early 2007. The Company believes that substantially all of the outstanding sales orders as of February29, 2007 will be shipped during 2007. 
8 Table of Contents
Employees At December31, 2006, the Company had 641 full-time employees, consisting of 265 sales and marketing professionals, 128 production staff, 50 research and development staff, 82 administrative staff, and 116
customer service/application engineering specialists. The Company is not a party to any collective bargaining agreements and believes its employee relations are good. Management believes that its future growth and success will depend in part on its
ability to retain and continue to attract highly skilled personnel. The Company anticipates that it will be able to obtain the additional personnel required to satisfy its staffing requirements over the foreseeable future. Geographic Information The information
regarding net sales, operating income, and long-lived assets set forth in Note 19 Segment Reporting to the Consolidated Financial Statements is hereby incorporated by reference into this Part I, Item1. Available Information We maintain a web site
with the address www.faro.com. Information contained on our web site is not a part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form10-K. We make available free of charge through our web site our Annual Reports on
Form10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form10-Q, Current Reports on Form8-K, proxy statements and amendments to these reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file these reports with, or furnish these reports to,
the Securities and Exchange Commission.  ITEM1A.
RISK FACTORS. We
discuss expectations regarding our future performance and make other forward-looking statements in our annual and quarterly reports, press releases and other written and oral statements. These forward-looking statements are based on currently
available competitive, financial and economic data and our operating plans. They are inherently uncertain, and investors must recognize that events could turn out to be significantly different from our expectations. The following discussion of risks
and uncertainties which is not exclusive, highlights some important factors to consider when evaluating our trends and future results. Our
customers buying process for our products is highly decentralized, and therefore, it typically requires significant time and expense for us to further penetrate the potential market of a specific customer, which may delay our ability to
generate additional revenue. Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to further penetrate our customer base. During 2006,
451% of our revenue was attributable to sales to our existing customers, compared to 406% in 2005. If we are not able to continue to penetrate our existing customer base, our sales growth will be impaired. Most of our customers have a
decentralized buying process for measurement devices. Thus, we must spend significant time and resources to increase revenues from a specific customer. For example, we may provide products to only one of our customers manufacturing facilities
or for a specific product line within a manufacturing facility. We cannot be certain that we will be able to maintain or increase the amount of sales to our existing customers. Others may develop products that make our products obsolete or less competitive. The CAM2
market is emerging and could be characterized by rapid technological change. Others may develop new or improved products, processes or technologies that may make our products obsolete or less competitive. We cannot assure you that we will be able to
adapt to evolving markets and technologies or maintain our technological advantage. Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to
maintain our technological advantage by developing new products and applications and enhancing our existing products. Developing new products and applications and 
9 Table of Contents
enhancing our existing products can be complex and time-consuming and will require substantial investment by us. Significant delays in new product releases
or difficulties in developing new products could adversely affect our revenues and results of operations. Because our customers are concentrated in a few industries, a reduction in sales to any one of these industries could cause a significant
decline in our revenues. An economic slowdown in manufacturing will affect our growth and profitability. A significant portion of our sales are to manufacturers in the automotive, aerospace and heavy equipment industries. We are dependent upon the continued
growth, viability and financial stability of our customers in these industries, which are highly cyclical and dependent upon the general health of the economy and consumer spending. The cyclical nature of these industries may exert significant
influence on our revenues and results of operations. In addition, the volume of orders from our customers and the prices of our products may be adversely impacted by decreases in capital spending by a significant portion of our customers during
recessionary periods. If one or more of our significant customers were to become insolvent or otherwise were unable to pay for the products provided by us, our operating results and financial condition would be adversely affected. Our inability to protect our patents and proprietary rights in the United States and foreign countries could adversely affect our revenues. Our success depends in large part on our ability to obtain and maintain patent and other proprietary right protection for our processes and products in
the United States and other countries. We also rely upon trade secrets, technical know-how and continuing inventions to maintain our competitive position. We seek to protect our technology and trade secrets, in part, by confidentiality agreements
with our employees and contractors. Our employees may breach these agreements or our trade secrets may otherwise become known or be independently discovered by inventors. If we are unable to obtain or maintain protection of our patents, trade
secrets and other proprietary rights, we may not be able to prevent third parties from using our proprietary rights. Our patent protection
involves complex legal and technical questions. Our patents may be challenged, narrowed, invalidated or circumvented. We may be able to protect our proprietary rights from infringement by third parties only to the extent that our proprietary
processes and products are covered by valid and enforceable patents or are effectively maintained as trade secrets. Furthermore, others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or design around our patented technologies.
Litigation or other proceedings to defend or enforce our intellectual property rights could require us to spend significant time and money and could otherwise adversely affect our business. Claims from others that we infringe their intellectual property rights may adversely affect our operations. From time to time we receive notices from others claiming we infringe their intellectual property rights. The number of these claims may grow. Responding
to these claims may require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements on unfavorable terms, require us to stop selling or to redesign affected products or require us to pay damages. Any litigation or interference proceedings, regardless of
their outcome, may be costly and may require significant time and attention of our management and technical personnel. On
November25, 2003, Romer-Cimcore now a division of Hexagon filed a patent infringement suit against us in the Federal District Court for the Southern District of California alleging that certain of our products sold in the United States,
including the FARO Arm, infringe U.S. Patent 5,829,148 148 patent. A summary of this litigation is set forth in Item3 Legal Proceedings of this report. In the event of an adverse ruling in the Romer-Cimcore litigation, we could be required to pay substantial damages, cease the manufacturing, use and sale of any infringing products, discontinue the use of certain
processes or obtain a license, if available, from Romer-Cimcore with royalty payment obligations by us. At this time, however, the Company cannot estimate the potential impact, if any, that might result from this suit, and therefore, no provision
has been made to cover such expense. 
10 Table of Contents
Potential product failures or product quality and performance issues could result in lost sales, loss of customers
and possible delays in new product introductions and enhancements and increased warranty costs. The Company has a history of new
product introductions and enhancements to existing products. Potential product failures in new or existing products of the Company could result in delays in new product introductions, which could lead to a loss of sales, and increased warranty
costs. We may not be able to achieve financial results within our target goals, and our operating results may fluctuate due to a number of factors,
many of which are beyond our control. Our ability to achieve financial results that are within our goals is subject to a number of
factors, some of which our beyond our control. Moreover, our annual and quarterly operating results have varied significantly in the past and likely will vary significantly in the future. Factors that cause our financial results to fluctuate include
those set forth elsewhere in this report and the following:  the size and timing of customer orders, many of which are received towards the end of the quarter;  the effectiveness of sales promotions and sales of demonstration equipment;  geographic expansion in the Asia/Pacific region and other regions;  unforeseen developments in our Foreign Corrupt Practices Act matter or in complying with the FCPA in the future;  training and ramp-up time for new sales people;  investments in technologies and new products;  our effective tax rate;  the outcomes of the patent infringement lawsuit filed by Romer-Cimcore and the purported class action lawsuit;  the amount of time that it takes to fulfill orders and ship our products;  the length of our sales cycle to new customers and the time and expense incurred in further penetrating our existing customer base;  increases in operating expenses for product development and new product marketing;  costs associated with new product introductions, such as assembly line start-up costs and low introductory period production volumes;  the timing and market acceptance of new products and product enhancements;  customer order deferrals in anticipation of new products and product enhancements;  our success in expanding our sales and marketing programs;  start-up costs and ramp-up time associated with opening new sales offices outside of the United States;  potential decreases in revenue without proportionate adjustments in fixed costs;  the efficiencies achieved in managing inventories and fixed assets;  investments in potential acquisitions or strategic sales, product or other initiatives;  shrinkage or other inventory losses due to product obsolescence, scrap or material price changes; and  adverse changes in the manufacturing industry and general economic conditions. Any one or a combination of these factors could adversely affect our annual and quarterly operating results in the future and could cause us to fail to
achieve our target financial results. 
11 Table of Contents
The CAM2 market is an emerging market and our growth depends on the ability of our products to attain broad market
acceptance. The market for traditional fixed-base CMMs, check fixtures, handheld measurement tools, and surveying equipment is
mature. Part of our strategy is to continue to displace these traditional measurement devices. Displacing traditional measurement devices and achieving broad market acceptance of our products requires significant effort to convince manufacturers to
reevaluate their historical measurement procedures and methodologies. Because the CAM2 market is emerging, the potential size and growth
rate of the CAM2 market is uncertain and difficult to quantify. If the CAM2 market does not continue to expand or does not expand at least as quickly as we anticipate, we may not be able to continue our sales growth, which also may affect our
profitability. We market six closely interdependent products Faro Arm, Scan Arm, Faro Laser Scanner LS, Faro Laser Tracker and Faro Gage
and related software for use in measurement, inspection and high-density surveying applications. Substantially all our revenues are currently derived from sales of these products and software and we plan to continue our business strategy of focusing
on the portable software-driven, 3-D measurement and inspection market. Consequently, our financial performance will depend in large part on portable, computer-based measurement, inspection and high-density surveying products achieving broad market
acceptance. If our products cannot attain broad market acceptance, we will not grow as anticipated and may be required to make increased expenditures on research and development for new applications or new products. We compete with manufacturers of portable measurement systems and traditional measurement devices, many of which have more resources than us and may develop new
products and technologies. The broad market for measurement devices is highly competitive. In the Faro Gage product line, we
compete with manufacturers of handheld measurement tools and fixed-base CMMs, including some large, well-established companies. In the Faro Arm, Faro Scan Arm, Faro Laser Tracker, and Faro Laser Scanner LS product lines, we compete primarily with
Hexagon Metrology, a division of Hexagon. We also compete in these product lines with a number of other smaller competitors. We will be
required to make continued investments in technology and product development to maintain the technological advantage that we believe we currently have over our competition. Some of our competitors, including some manufacturers of fixed based CMMs
and Hexagon, possess substantially greater financial, technical, and marketing resources than we possess. Moreover, we cannot be certain that our technology or our product development efforts will allow us to successfully compete as the industry
evolves. As the market for our portable measurement systems expands, additional competition may emerge and the Companys existing and future competitors may commit more resources to the markets in which the Company participates. We derive a substantial part of our revenues from our international operations, which are subject to greater volatility and often require more management time and
expense to achieve profitability than our domestic operations. Since 2000, we have derived approximately half of our sales from
international operations. In our experience, entry into new international markets requires considerable management time as well as start-up expenses for market development, hiring and establishing office facilities before any significant revenues
are generated. As a result, initial operations in a new market may operate at low margins or may be unprofitable. Our international
operations are subject to various risks, including:  difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations;  political and economic instability;  unexpected changes in regulatory requirements and laws;  longer customer payment cycles and difficulty collecting accounts receivable;  export duties, import controls and trade restrictions; 
12 Table of Contents governmental restrictions on the transfer of funds to us from our operations outside the United States;  burdens of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws and labor practices; and  fluctuations in currency exchange rates. Because our foreign subsidiaries maintain their financial records and statements in their respective local currencies, our consolidated financial results are affected by foreign currency translation adjustments. Moreover, several of the
countries where we operate have emerging or developing economies, which may be subject to greater currency volatility, negative growth, high inflation, limited availability of foreign exchange and other risks. These factors may harm our results of
operations and any measures that we may implement to reduce the effect of volatile currencies and other risks of our international operations may not be effective. In addition, our foreign operations are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which makes illegal any payments to foreign officials or employees of foreign governments that are intended to induce them to use
their influence to assist us or to gain any improper advantage for us. As previously reported on the Companys Form 8-K dated March15, 2006, the Company learned that its China subsidiary had made payments to certain customers in China
that may have violated the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other applicable laws. We voluntarily notified the United States Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and the United States Department of Justice DOJ of this
matter. If the SEC or the DOJ determines that violations of the FCPA have occurred, they could seek civil and criminal sanctions, including monetary penalties, against the Company and/or certain of its employees, as well as additional changes to the
Companys business practices and compliance programs, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company business and financial condition. In addition, such actions, whether actual or alleged, could damage our reputation and
ability to do business. Further, detecting, investigating, and resolving such actions is expensive and could consume significant time and attention of our senior management. We may not be able to identify, consummate or achieve expected benefits from acquisitions. We
have completed three significant acquisitions since our initial public offering in 1997. We may pursue access to additional technologies, complementary product lines and sales channels through selective acquisitions and strategic investments. We may
not be able to identify and successfully negotiate suitable acquisitions, obtain financing for future acquisitions on satisfactory terms or otherwise complete acquisitions in the future. In the past we have used our stock as consideration for
acquisitions. Our common stock may not remain at a price at which it can be used as consideration for acquisitions without diluting our existing shareholders, and potential acquisition candidates may not view our stock attractively. Realization of the benefits of acquisitions often requires integration of some or all of the sales and marketing, distribution, manufacturing,
engineering, finance and administrative organizations of the acquired companies. The integration of acquisitions demands substantial attention from senior management and the management of the acquired companies. Any acquisition may be subject to a
variety of risks and uncertainties including:  the inability to assimilate effectively the operations, products, technologies and personnel of the acquired companies some of which may be located in diverse
geographic regions;  the inability to maintain uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies;  the need or obligation to divest portions of the acquired companies; and  the potential impairment of relationships with customers. We cannot assure you that we will be able to integrate successfully any acquisitions, that any acquired companies will operate profitably or that we will realize the expected benefits from any acquisition. 
We may face difficulties managing growth. If our business continues to grow rapidly in the future, we expect it to result in:  increased complexity 
13 Table of Contents increased responsibility for existing and new management personnel; and  incremental strain on our operations and financial and management systems. If we are not able to manage future growth, our business, financial condition and operating results may be harmed. Our dependence on suppliers for materials could impair our ability to manufacture our products. Outside vendors provide key components used by us in the manufacture of our products. Although we believe that alternative sources for these components
are available, any supply interruption in a limited source component would harm our ability to manufacture our products until a new source of supply is identified. In addition, an uncorrected defect or suppliers variation in a component,
either known or unknown to us, or incompatible with our manufacturing processes, could harm our ability to manufacture our products. We may not be able to find a sufficient alternative supplier in a reasonable period, or on commercially reasonable
terms, if at all. If we fail to obtain a supplier for the manufacture of components of our potential products, we may experience delays or interruptions in our operations, which would adversely affect our results of operations and financial
condition. Our failure to attract and retain qualified personnel could lead to a loss of sales or decreased profitability or growth. Required
compensation levels including equity based compensation to attract and retain personnel could result in increased compensation expense. We may not be able to attract and retain enough qualified personnel to support our growth. In addition, the loss of our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Technology Officer, or Chief Financial Officer, or other key personnel could adversely
effect our sales, profitability, or growth. Moreover, we continue to rely in part on equity awards to attract and retain qualified personnel. Because of new accounting regulations requiring the expensing of stock options, if we continue to rely or
equity compensation to attract and retain qualified personnel, our compensation expenses may increase. We may experience volatility in our stock
price. The price of our common stock has been, and may continue to be, highly volatile in response to various factors, many of
which are beyond our control, including:  developments in the industries in which we operate;  actual or anticipated variations in quarterly or annual operating results;  speculation in the press or investment community; and  announcements of technological innovations or new products by us or our competitors. The market price of our common stock may also be affected by our inability to meet analyst and investor expectations and failure to achieve projected
financial results. Any failure to meet such expectations or projected financial results, even if minor, could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. Volatility in our stock price may result in your inability to sell your shares at or
above the price at which you purchased them. In addition, stock markets have generally experienced a high level of price and volume
volatility, and the market prices of equity securities of many companies have experienced wide price fluctuations not necessarily related to the operating performance of such companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the market
price of our common stock. In the past, securities class action lawsuits frequently have been instituted against such companies following periods of volatility in the market price of such companies securities. If any such litigation is
instigated against us, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of managements attention and resources, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We are a defendant in a shareholder class-action lawsuit. We and certain of our officers were named as defendants in purported class action complaints filed in the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida, Orlando Division. The lead plaintiff in the
securities litigation seeks an unspecified amount of damages, premised on allegations that each defendant made 
14 Table of Contents
misrepresentations and omissions of material fact during the class period in violation of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. A summary of the securities
litigation is set forth in Item3 Legal Proceedings of this report. Although the Company believes that the material allegations made in the amended complaint are without merit and intends to vigorously defend the securities litigation, no
assurances can be given with respect to the outcome of the securities litigation. Anti-takeover provisions in our articles of incorporation, our
bylaws and provisions of Florida law could delay or prevent a change of control that you may favor. Our articles of incorporation,
our bylaws and provisions of Florida law could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if doing so would be beneficial to you. These provisions could discourage potential takeover attempts and could adversely affect the market
price of our shares. Because of these provisions, you might not be able to receive a premium on your investment. These provisions include:  a limitation on shareholders ability to call a special meeting of our shareholders;  advance notice requirements to nominate directors for election to our board of directors or to propose matters that can be acted on by shareholders at shareholder
meetings;  our classified board of directors, which means that approximately one-third of our directors are elected each year; and  the authority of the board of directors to issue, without shareholder approval, preferred stock with such terms as the board of directors may determine.
The provisions described above could delay or make more difficult transactions involving a change in control of us, or
our management.  ITEM1B.
UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. We had no comments from the Securities and Exchange Commission staff regarding the Companys periodic or current reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that were unresolved as of the date of filing of
this report.  ITEM2.
PROPERTIES. The Americas 
The Companys headquarters are located in a leased building in Lake Mary, Florida containing approximately 35,000 square feet. This facility
houses the Companys U.S. production, research and development, administrative staff and customer service/application operations. The Companys U.S. sales and marketing headquarters is in a leased building in Lake Mary, Florida consisting
approximately 8,200 square feet. Additionally, the Company has a leased facility consisting of two buildings totaling approximately 37,000 square feet located in Kennett Square, Pennsylvania containing research and development, manufacturing and
service operations of the laser tracker product lines. Europe/Africa The Companys European headquarters are located in a leased building in Stuttgart, Germany containing approximately 62,000 square feet. This facility
houses the manufacturing, administration, sales, marketing and service management personnel for the Companys European operations. Additionally the Company has a leased facility consisting of approximately 16,000 square feet located in
Schaffhausen, Switzerland containing manufacturing operations for the Companys products, which are shipped to customers in Europe, Africa and Asia. Asia/Pacific The Companys Asian headquarters are located in a leased building in Singapore containing
approximately 22,000 square feet. This facility houses the administration, sales, marketing, production and service management personnel for the Companys Asian operations. The Companys Japan headquarters are located in a leased building
in Nagoya, Japan containing approximately 5,000 square feet. This facility houses the Companys Japan sales, marketing and service operations. The Companys China headquarters are located in a leased building in Shanghai, China containing
approximately 11,000 square feet for sales, marketing and service operations. 
15 Table of Contents
The Company believes that its current facilities will be adequate for its foreseeable needs and that it
will be able to locate suitable space for additional regional offices or enhanced production needs as necessary. The information required
by the remainder of this item is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 991 attached hereto.  ITEM3.
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. Patent LitigationOn November25, 2003, Cimcore-Romer now a division of Hexagon filed a patent infringement suit against us in the Federal District Court for the Southern District of California alleging that
certain of our products sold in the United States, including the FARO Arm, infringe U.S. Patent 5,829,148 148 patent. The Company believes, and has contended in this litigation, that the Company does not infringe the 148 patent and
that the 148 patent is invalid. On July12, 2005, the court issued an order granting Cimcore-Romers motion for summary
judgment of infringement of three claims of the 148 patent. On July22, 2005, the Company announced its decision to limit the capability of its U.S.-based FARO Arm products the FARO Arm, the FARO Gage and the Digital Template by
removing what we call the infinite rotation feature by reducing this capability to 50 rotations or fewer. FARO believes that by limiting the range of the joint rotation to 50 rotations, it has removed from its U.S. products the ability
to sweep through an unlimited arc, which is a feature of the 148 patent claims addressed by the courts ruling required to infringe the 148 patent. The revised products have not, however, been considered by the courts. Accordingly,
we cannot give assurance that the revised products will not be deemed to infringe the 148 patent. On September20, 2005, the
Court vacated its order of summary judgment of infringement and agreed to reconsider its conclusions from the patent claim construction Markman ruling, which is a pretrial hearing often used in patent infringement cases. The new
Markman hearing occurred on October3, 2005 and the hearing-on-summary judgments of infringement occurred on November14, 2005. On October18, 2005, the Court issued a revised claim construction that the Company believes materially
alters the Courts previous Markman ruling by substantially narrowing what FARO believes to be key aspects of the claim construction. The Company believes that this narrower claim construction will ultimately lead to a finding that it does not
infringe any claim of the 148 patent. The trial began in November 2006, and on December6, 2006, the judge presiding over the
case declared a mistrial trial. A new trial date has been set for April3, 2007. In addition, the Company filed two separate requests
for reexamination in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office PTO of the 148 Patent, both of which requests were granted. The PTO ruled in the first reexamination in September 2005. The Company believes that the PTO ruling bolsters
the Companys previous position that it does not infringe the 148 patent. More specifically, in the first reexamination, the PTO construed critical claim terms in a relatively narrow manner, which the Company believes is consistent with
its stated positions in the patent litigation. The Companys second reexamination request was granted by the PTO in November 2005 and is based on new prior art that is, earlier issued patent publications submitted to the PTO which
FARO believes will ultimately invalidate the 148 patent. This prior art reference was not at issue in the first reexamination proceeding. On December7, 2006, the PTO rejected key claims in Hexagons 148 patent. Hexagon has appealed the PTOs rejection of the claims. The rejected claims include all the claims involved in the ongoing 148 patent
infringement. If the PTO rejection is ultimately made final, the patent claims asserted against the Company in the Hexagon litigation will be invalidated, and FARO will then prevail in its litigation. The Hexagon 148 patent 
16 Table of Contents
claims cover a four-jointed arm construction with a mechanically unlimited rotation of certain joints. The PTO, in its rejection, determined that this
feature was already found in a number of prior patents and so determined that the 148 claims were obvious in view of these prior patents. Hexagon will have the right to respond to, and eventually appeal, the rejection of the
claims. In the event of an adverse ruling in the Romer-Cimcore litigation, we could be required to pay substantial damages, cease the
manufacturing, use and sale of any infringing products, discontinue the use of certain processes or obtain a license, if available, from Romer-Cimcore with royalty payment obligations by us. An adverse decision in the Romer-Cimcore case could
materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. At this time, however, the Company cannot estimate the potential impact, if any, that might result from this suit, and therefore, no provision has been made to cover
such expense. Securities LitigationOn December6, 2005, the first of four essentially identical class action
securities fraud lawsuits were filed against the Company and certain officers of the Company.On April19, 2006, the four lawsuits were consolidated, and Kornitzer Capital Management, Inc. was appointed as the lead plaintiff.On
May16, 2006, Kornitzer filed its Consolidated Amended Class Action Complaint against the Company and the individual defendants.The Amended Complaint also named Grant Thornton LLP, the Companys independent registered public
accounting firm, as an additional defendant. On July31, 2006, the Company filed a Motion to Dismiss the Amended Complaint.On
February3, 2007, the Court dismissed the Amended Complaint, as against all defendants, with leave to re-plead. On February22,
2007, Kornitzer filed its Consolidated Second Amended Class Action Complaint.The Second Amended Complaint principally asserts the same claims set forth in the Amended Complaint, but adds various allegations in an attempt to comply with certain
standards stated in the Courts order.As in the Amended Complaint, Kornitzer seeks to represent a class consisting of all persons who purchased or otherwise acquired the Companys publicly traded securities between April15,
2004 and March15, 2006.On behalf of the alleged class, Kornitzer seeks an unspecified amount of damages, premised on allegations that each defendant made misrepresentations and omissions of material fact during the class period in
violation of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.Among other things, Kornitzer alleges that the defendants misrepresented matters during the class period related to:ithe value of the Companys inventory, and the amount of
the Companys gross margins and profits, as a result of the inventory valuation; iithe amount of the 2005 selling expenses that the Company had accrued and expected; and iiithe effectiveness of the Companys systems of
internals controls, including in connection with the Companys determination of its inventory valuation and selling expenses, and the fact that certain reported sales in Asia were obtained in violation of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act.
The Companys deadline for responding to the Second Amended Complaint is April26, 2007.The Company intends to file a
motion to dismiss the Second Amended Complaint.The Company has timely notified the issuer of its Executive Liability and Entity Securities Liability insurance policy of the Securities Litigation.Although the Company believes that the
material allegations made in the Second Amended Complaint are without merit and intends to vigorously defend the Securities Litigation, no assurances can be given with respect to the outcome of the Securities Litigation. Voluntary Disclosure of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act Matter to the Securities and Exchange Commissions and Department of JusticeAs
previously reported by the Company, the Company learned that its China subsidiary had made payments to certain customers in China that may have violated the FCPA and other applicable laws. The Companys Audit Committee instituted an internal
investigation into this matter in February 2006, and the Company voluntarily notified the SEC and the DOJ of this matter in March 2006. The internal investigation into this matter has been completed. The Company has provided to the SEC and the DOJ
information obtained during the course of this investigation and is cooperating with both agencies. The Companys internal
investigation has identified certain improper payments made in China and deficiencies in its controls with respect to its operations in China in possible violation of the FCPA. If the SEC or 
17 Table of Contents
the DOJ determines that violations of the FCPA have occurred, they could seek civil and criminal sanctions, including monetary penalties, against the Company
and/or certain of its employees, as well as additional changes to the Companys business practices and compliance programs. Based on current information, it is not possible to predict at this time when the SEC or DOJ investigations will be
resolved, what the outcome will be, what sanctions, if any, will be imposed, or the effect that such matters may ultimately have on the Company or its consolidated financial statements. Results of the investigation revealed that referral fee payments in possible violation of the FCPA were $165,000 and $265,000 in 2004 and 2005,
respectively, which were recorded in selling expenses in the Companys statement of income. The related sales to customers to which payment of these referral fees had been made totaled approximately $13 million and $324 million in 2004 and
2005, respectively. Additional improper referral fee payments of $122,000 were made in January and February 2006 related to sales contracts in 2005. The Company had sales in China of $90 million in 2005 and $42 million in 2004, approximately 7%
and 4% of total sales, respectively. The Company incurred expenses of $38 million in 2006 relating to its internal investigation of the FCPA matter. The Company has terminated certain personnel in the Asia-Pacific Region and has re-assigned the duties of other personnel in both the Asia-Pacific Region and the U.S. as a result of the internal investigation. The
Company is instituting the following remedial measures:  Contracted with a third party forensics accounting team to conduct an in-depth audit of the operations in China and in other countries in the Asia-Pacific region
and to make recommendations for improvement to the internal control systems.  Reviewing third party distributor arrangements in an effort to assure that all contracts include adherence to the FCPA.  Performing due diligence on all third party distributors and implementing a process to assess potential new distributors.  Established an in-house internal audit function including hiring a Director of Internal Audit.  Consolidating the human resources, financial accounting and reporting functions for the Asia region into the Singapore Operations.  Implemented an internal certification process to ascertain whether similar issues may exist elsewhere in the Company.  Implemented a quarterly internal certification process to confirm adherence to company policy and all applicable laws and regulations that will include all regional
leadership, country management and other sales management.  Implementing additional training on FCPA and other matters for employees and a confidential compliance reporting system. During the Companys internal investigation of its business practices in China, it became aware that income taxes related to certain commissions and
bonus payments to its employees had not been properly reported. The Company has filed the appropriate payroll tax returns and remitted the deficiency. Other than the litigation mentioned above, the Company is not involved in any other legal proceedings other than routine litigation arising in the normal course of business. The Company does not believe the results of
such litigation, even if the outcome were unfavorable to the Company, would have a material adverse effect on the Companys business, financial condition or results of operations.  Item 1.
Business
2
Item 1A.
Risk Factors
9
Item 1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments
15
Item 2.
Properties
15
Item 3.
Legal Proceedings
16
Item 4.
MARKET FOR REGISTRANTS COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED
STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. The Companys common stock is listed and traded on the NASDAQ
Global Market. The following table sets forth, for the calendar points indicated, the high and low sales prices of the Companys
common stock as reported by the NASDAQ Global Market:  2006
2005 High
Low
High
Low
First Quarter
2074
1300
3033
2285
Second Quarter
1700
1185
3031
2411
Third Quarter
1972
1476
2837
1914
Fourth Quarter
2429
1693
2247
1650
The Company has not paid any cash dividends on its common stock to date. The Company expects to
retain future earnings for use in operating and expanding its business and does not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the reasonably foreseeable future. As of March1, 2007, the last sale price of the Companys common stock was $2460, and there were 80 holders of record of common stock. During the year ended December31, 2006, no equity securities of the Company were sold by the Company that were not registered under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended. 
19 Table of Contents
PERFORMANCE GRAPH The following line graph compares the cumulative five-year Common Stock returns with the cumulative returns return of the Dow Jones U.S. Total Market Index and the Dow Jones U.S. Electronic Equipment Index.
COMPARISON OF THE FIVE YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN* AMONG FARO TECHNOLOGIES, INC., THE DOW JONES U.S. TOTAL MARKET INDEX AND THE DOW JONES U.S.
ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT INDEX 
ASSUMES $100 INVESTED ON JAN. 1, 2002 ASSUMES DIVIDEND REINVESTED FISCAL YEAR ENDING DEC. 31, 2006  Date
FARO
Dow
DowElecEqmt
31-Dec-2001 10000 10000 10000
31-Dec-2002 8438 7792 6894
31-Dec-2003 1,11588 10187 10361
31-Dec-2004 1,39196 11411 11241
31-Dec-2005 89286 12134 12101
31-Dec-2006 1,07321 14023 13958 Assumes $100 invested on December31, 2001 
20 Table of Contents
The information under the heading EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION in the Companys
definitive Proxy Statement for its 2007 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be filed with the SEC is incorporated herein by reference.  ITEM6.
SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA.  HistoricalYear ended December31 in thousands, except share and per-share data
2006
2005
2004
2003 2002 Statement of Operations Data Sales 152,405 125,590 97,020 71,786 46,246 Gross profit 89,458 72,932 59,996 42,266 25,137 Income loss from operations 8,259 10,226 14,584 7,440 2,939 Income loss before income taxes 9,776 9,898 15,289 9,436
1 1,805 Net income loss 8,196 8,179 14,931 8,278 2,016 Net income loss per common share Basic 057 058 108 068 017 Diluted 056 057 106 064 017 Weighted average common shares outstanding Basic 14,397,050 14,169,140 13,833,590 12,181,221 11,853,732 Diluted 14,560,331 14,442,248 14,023,159 12,845,992 11,853,732 Historicalas at December31 2006
2005
2004
2003 2002 Consolidated Balance Sheet Data Working capital 73,692 86,624 65,686 51,368 18,339 Total assets 144,276 122,648 105,078 81,914 45,195 Total debt 205 340 250 107 1,556 Total shareholders equity 111,055 98,860 89,158 68,921 33,384 1
Includes a favorable legal settlement of $11 million in other income.  ITEM7.
MANAGEMENTS DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. The
following information should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company, including the notes thereto, included elsewhere in this document. Overview The Company designs, develops, manufacturers, markets and supports portable,
software driven, 3-D measurement systems that are used in a broad range of manufacturing, industrial, building construction and forensic applications. The Companys Faro Arm, Faro Scan Arm and Faro Gage articulated measuring devices, the Faro
Laser Scanner LS, the Faro Laser Tracker, and their companion CAM2 software, provide for Computer-Aided Design CAD-based inspection and/or factory-level statistical process control, and high-density surveying. Together, these products integrate
the measurement, quality inspection, and reverse engineering functions with CAD software to improve productivity, enhance product quality and decrease rework and scrap in the manufacturing process. The Company uses the acronym CAM2 for
this process, which stands for computer-aided measurement. 
21 Table of Contents
As of February 2007, the Companys products have been purchased by approximately 6,100 customers worldwide, ranging from small machine shops to such
large manufacturing and industrial companies as Audi, Bell Helicopter, Boeing, British Aerospace, Caterpillar, Daimler Chrysler, General Electric, General Motors, Honda, Johnson Controls, Komatsu Dresser, Lockheed Martin, Nissan, Siemens and
Volkswagen, among many others. We continue to pursue international markets. We established sales offices in France and Germany in 1996,
Great Britain in 1997, Japan and Spain in 2000, Italy in 2001, and China in 2003. We opened sales offices in South Korea and India in 2004. We established sales offices in Poland, Netherlands, Malaysia, Vietnam, and Singapore in 2005 and added a new
regional headquarters in Singapore in the third quarter of 2005 along with a new manufacturing and service facility there in the fourth quarter of 2005. In 2003 we began to manage and report our global sales in three regions: the Americas,
Europe/Africa and Asia/Pacific. In 2006 we closed our South Korean office and established a third party distributor relationship for serving that market. In 2006, 413% of our sales were in the Americas compared to 445% in 2005, 400% were in the
Europe/Africa region compared to 357% in 2005 and 187% were in the Asia/Pacific region, compared to 197% in 2005 see also Note 19 Geographic Data to the financial statements below. We derive revenues primarily from the sale of our Faro Arm, Faro Scan Arm, Faro Gage, Faro Laser Tracker and Faro Laser Scanner LS 3-D measurement
equipment, and their related multi-faceted software. Revenue related to these products is generally recognized upon shipment. In addition, we sell one and three-year extended warranties and training and technology consulting services relating to our
products. We recognize the revenue from extended warranties on a straight-line basis. We also receive royalties from licensing agreements for our historical medical technology and recognize the revenue from these royalties as licensees use the
technology. In 2003, we began to manufacture our Faro Arm products in Switzerland for customer orders from the Europe/Africa and
Asia/Pacific regions. We began to manufacture our Faro Gage product, and parts of our Faro Laser Tracker product in our Swiss plant in the third quarter of 2004. We began complete production of the Faro Laser Tracker product in our Swiss plant in
2005. We began to manufacture our Faro Arm products in our Singapore plant in the fourth quarter of 2005, the Faro Laser Tracker in the first half of 2006, and the Faro Gage in the second half of 2006. We expect our Singapore plant will take over
from our Swiss plant in supplying our Asia/Pacific regions needs for these products. The manufacture of these products for customer orders from the Americas will be done in our manufacturing facilities located in Florida and Pennsylvania. Our
Faro Laser Scanner LS product is currently manufactured in our new facility located in Stuttgart, Germany. We expect all of our existing plants to have the production capacity necessary to support our growth through 2007. As previously reported on the Companys Form 8-K dated March15, 2006, the Company learned that its China subsidiary had made payments to
certain customers in China that may have violated the FCPA and other applicable laws. The Companys Audit Committee instituted an internal investigation into this matter in February 2006, and the Company voluntarily notified the SEC and the DOJ
of this matter in March 2006. The internal investigation into this matter has been completed. The Company has provided to the SEC and the DOJ information obtained during the course of this investigation and is cooperating with both agencies.
The Companys internal investigation has identified certain improper payments made in China and deficiencies in its controls with
respect to its operations in China in possible violation of the FCPA. If the SEC or the DOJ determines that violations of the FCPA have occurred, they could seek civil and criminal sanctions, including monetary penalties, against the Company and/or
certain of its employees, as well as additional changes to the Companys business practices and compliance programs. Based on current information, it is not possible to predict at this time when the SEC or DOJ investigations will be resolved,
what the outcome will be, what sanctions, if any, will be imposed, or the effect that such matters may ultimately have on the Company or its consolidated financial statements. Results of the investigation revealed that referral fee payments in
possible violation of the FCPA were $165,000 and $265,000 in 2004 and 2005, respectively, which were recorded in selling expenses in the Companys statement of income. The related sales to customers to which payment of 
22 Table of Contents
these referral fees had been made totaled $13 million and $324 million in 2004 and 2005, respectively. Additional improper referral fee payments of
$122,000 were made in January and February 2006 related to sales contracts in 2005. The Company had sales in China of $90 million in 2005 and $42 million in 2004, approximately 7% and 4% of total sales, respectively. The Company incurred expenses
of $38 million in 2006 relating to the FCPA matter. The Company has terminated certain personnel in the Asia-Pacific Region and has
re-assigned the duties of other personnel in both the Asia-Pacific Region and the U.S. as a result of the internal investigation. The Company is instituting the following remedial measures:  Contracted with a third party forensics accounting team to conduct an in-depth audit of the operations in China and in other countries in the Asia-Pacific region
and to make recommendations for improvement to the internal control systems.  Reviewing third party distributor arrangements in an effort to assure that all contracts include adherence to the FCPA.  Performing due diligence on all third party distributors and implementing a process to assess potential new distributors.  Established an in-house internal audit function including hiring a Director of Internal Audit.  Consolidating the human resources, financial accounting and reporting functions for the Asia region into the Singapore Operations.  Implemented an internal certification process to ascertain whether similar issues may exist elsewhere in the Company.  Implemented a quarterly internal certification process to confirm adherence to company policy and all applicable laws and regulations that will include all regional
leadership, country management and other sales management.  Implementing additional training on FCPA and other matters for employees and a confidential compliance reporting system. During the Companys internal investigation of its business practices in China, it became aware that income taxes related to certain commissions and
bonus payments to its employees had not been properly reported. The Company has filed the appropriate payroll tax returns and remitted the deficiency. The Company is currently involved in a patent infringement lawsuit and a class action securities fraud lawsuit. See Item3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. Neither the ultimate outcome of any of these actions, nor their
potential impact on the Companys business, financial condition, or reported results of operations in any future period can be predicted. With respect to the financial performance in 2006, cost of sales consists primarily of material, labor and production overhead. Since our IPO in 1997, annual gross margins have been in the range of 54%-64% of sales. Gross margin for fiscal
2006 was within that range at 587%. Selling expenses as a percentage of sales remained at 297% in 2006 and 2005. This percentage has
decreased to 284% in the second half of 2006 from 312% in the first half of 2006 as the new sales personnel hired at the end of 2005 became more productive. General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries for administrative personnel, rent, utilities and professional and legal expenses. General and administrative expenses were higher in 2006 primarily as
a result of an increase in professional and legal expenses of approximately $38 million related to the FCPA investigation and $14 million related to increased patent litigation costs. 
23 Table of Contents
Research and development expenses represent salaries, equipment and third-party services. We have a
commitment to support ongoing research and development and intend to continue to fund these efforts at the level of 5%-7% of sales going forward. We incurred minimal expenses in 2006 as calculated under the Black-Scholes method of SFAS 123, related to our adoption of SFAS 123R for the expensing of stock options as we vested substantially all of our unvested options in the fourth
quarter of 2005. The reduction in pre-tax charges estimated by the Company as a result of the acceleration amounts to approximately $77 million over the course of the original vesting periods. Options to purchase approximately 704,310 shares of the
Companys stock or 525% of the Companys outstanding options were accelerated. The weighted average exercise price of the options subject to acceleration were $2130. The aggregate pretax expense for the shares subject to acceleration
that would have been reflected in the Companys consolidated financial statements beginning in 2006 is approximately $77 million, including $43 million in 2006, $27 million in 2007, and $07 million in 2008. The fair value for any future
grants will be included in expense over the vesting periods. These expenses will be apportioned according to the classification of the employees who have received stock options into cost of sales, selling, general and administrative or research and
development costs. In 2006, our worldwide effective tax rate was 162%. We have received a favorable income tax rate commitment from the
Swiss government as an incentive to establish a manufacturing plant in Switzerland, and in 2006 received approval from the Singapore Economic Development Board for a favorable multi-year income tax holiday for our Singapore headquarters and
manufacturing operations subject to certain terms and conditions including employment, spending, and capital investment. See Critical Accounting PoliciesIncome Taxes below. Accounting for wholly owned foreign subsidiaries is maintained in the currency of the respective foreign jurisdiction and, therefore, fluctuations in
exchange rates may have an impact on inter-company accounts reflected in our consolidated financial statements. We are aware of the availability of off- balance sheet financial instruments to hedge exposure to foreign currency exchange rates,
including cross-currency swaps, forward contracts and foreign currency options see Foreign Exchange Exposure below. However, we do not regularly use such instruments, and none were utilized in 2006, 2005, or 2004. We have had eighteen consecutive profitable quarters through December31, 2006. Our sales growth and profitability has been a result of a number of
factors, including: the acquisition of SMX, which manufactured the predecessor to the Faro Laser Tracker, the introduction in October 2002 of the latest generation of our traditional Faro Arm product, the introduction of the Faro Gage in September
2003, the introduction of our Faro Scan Arm product in 2004, continuing market demand for and acceptance of our products, and an increase in the number of sales people worldwide. Our worldwide sales and marketing headcount in 2006, 2005 and 2004 was
265, 289, and 167, respectively. On January10, 2005, the Company filed a Registration Statement on Form S-3 with the Securities and
Exchange Commission allowing it to raise proceeds of up to $125 million. The proceeds from any offerings with respect to this registration statement, if any, would be used for either repayment or refinancing of debt, acquisition of additional
businesses or technologies or for working capital and general corporate purposes. To date, we have not raised any capital under this Form S-3 Registration Statement. The Company must file in a timely manner all reports under the Securities and
Exchange Act of 1934 with certain exceptions with the SEC for a period of 12 months in order to be able to use its S-3 registration statement. See also Liquidity and Capital Resources below. 
24 Table of Contents
Results of Operations The following table sets forth, for the periods presented, the percentage of sales represented by certain items in the Companys consolidated statements of income:  Years ended December31 2006 2005 2004 Statement of Operations Data Sales
1000 1000 1000 Cost of sales
413 419 382 Gross margin
587 581 618 Operating expenses Selling
297 297 267 General and administrative
161 124 121 Depreciation and amortization
27 27 24 Research and development
47 51 56 Total operating expenses
532 499 468 Income from operations
55 82 150 Interest income
05 06 04 Other expense income, net
05 06 04 Interest expense
00 01 00 Income before income taxes
65 81 158 Income tax expense
10 15 04 Net income
55 66 154 2006 Compared to 2005 Sales.Sales increased $268 million, or 213%, to $1524 million in the year ended December31, 2006, from $1256 million for the year ended December31, 2005. This increase
resulted primarily from an increase in unit sales. Our sales growth is driven by increased product sales resulting from continuing market demand for and acceptance of our products. Sales in the Americas region increased $70 million or 125%, to
$629 million in the year ended December31, 2006 from $559 million in the year ended December31, 2005. Sales in the Europe/Africa region increased $160 million, or 356%, to $609 million in the year ended December31, 2006 from
$449 million in the year ended December31, 2005. Sales in the Asia/Pacific region increased $38 million, or 153% to $286 million in the year ended December31, 2006 from $248 million in the year ended December31, 2005. In 2006
our sales and marketing headcount decreased to 83 from 88 in the Americas, increased to 118 from 117 in Europe/Africa, and decreased to 64 from 84 in the Asia/Pacific region. Gross profit.Gross profit increased $166 million, or 228%, to $895 million for the year ended December31, 2006
from $729 million for the year ended December31, 2005. Gross margin increased to 587% in the year ended December31, 2006, from 581% for the year ended December31, 2005 primarily due to a change in the sales mix resulting in an
increase in unit sales of product lines with a lower than average cost of sales. We expect the trend of changes in the sales mix to result in gross margins in the range of approximately 57% to 60% in 2007. Selling expenses.Selling expenses increased by $80 million or 214%, to $453 million for the year ended
December31, 2006 from $373 million for the year ended December31, 2005. This increase was primarily due to higher compensation and commission expense of $45 million related to the increase in sales, higher marketing costs of $29
million and higher product demonstration costs of $06 million. As a percentage of sales, selling expenses were unchanged at 297% in 2006 and 2005. 
25 Table of Contents
General and administrative expenses.General and administrative expenses
increased by $91 million or 587%, to $246 million for the year ended December31, 2006 from $155 million for the year ended December31, 2005. This increase was primarily due to increased professional and legal fees of $54 million, of
which $38 million was related to the Companys investigation of possible violations of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act by its Chinese subsidiary, and $14 million for ongoing patent litigation. In addition, compensation costs increased $17
million and expenses related to the Singapore facility, which opened in September 2005, increased by $03 million. General and administrative expenses as percentage of sales increased to 161% of sales in 2006 from 124% of sales in 2005.
Depreciation and amortization expenses.Depreciation and amortization expenses increased by $06 million or
171%, to $41 million for the year ended December31, 2006 from $35 million in 2005, primarily due to an increase in depreciation of new equipment from our Asia/Pacific expansion and additions to our leased space in the U.S. Research and development expenses.Research and development expenses increased by $08 million or 125%, to $72 million
for the year ended December31, 2006 from $64 million for the year ended December31, 2005. This resulted primarily from an increase in salaries and subcontractors expense of $07 million related to the addition of the Laser Scanner
product line. Research and development expenses as a percentage of sales were 47% in 2006 compared to 51% in 2005. Interest income /
expense.Interest income increased by $01 million or 167%, to $07 million for the year ended December31, 2006 from $06 million for the year ended December31, 2005, primarily due to an increase in interest
rates and short term investments. Interest expense decreased slightly due to the purchase of iQvolution in 2005 and subsequent retirement of their debt obligations. Other income expense, net.Other income expense, net increased by $16 million, to income of $08 million for the year ended December31, 2006 from an expense of $08 million for
the year ended December31, 2005. Other income includes foreign exchange gains of $08 million in 2006. Income tax
expense.Income tax expense decreased to $16 million in the year ended December31, 2006, from $17 million for the year ended December31, 2005. The effective tax rate in 2006 was 162% compared to 174% in
2005. The primary reason for the lower tax rate was the effect of the receipt of approval of the tax holiday for our operations in Singapore effective January1, 2006 for a period of four years and an additional six year extension at a
favorable tax rate subject to certain terms and conditions including employment, spending, and capital investment. The Company has $46 million in net deferred tax assets remaining, which will, more likely than not, be realized in 2007 and
thereafter if the Company remains consistently profitable See also Note 14-Income Taxes. Separate from income tax expenses, the Company recorded an addition to shareholders equity of $001 million in 2006 for the income tax benefit received
from the exercise of unqualified stock options by employees. Net income.Net income was $82 million for the
year ended December31, 2006 and for the year ended December31, 2005 as a result of the factors described above. 2005 Compared to 2004
Sales.Sales increased $286 million or 295% from $970 million for the year ended December31,
2004 to $1256 million for the year ended December31, 2005. This increase resulted from higher unit sales of the Faro Arm, Faro Laser Tracker and Faro Gage products, the introduction of the Faro Laser Scanner LS and the effect of an overall
increase in headcount in sales and marketing of 122, or 731% from 167 in 2004 to 289 in 2005. Geographically, sales increased $141 million or 338% in the Americas, $18 million or 42% in Europe/Africa, and $126 million or 1033% in the
Asia/Pacific region. In 2005 our sales and marketing headcount increased 630% from 54 to 88 in the Americas, 539% from 76 to 117 in Europe/Africa, and 1270% from 37 to 84 in the Asia/Pacific region. 
26 Table of Contents
Gross profit.Gross profit increased $129 million or 215% from $600
million for the year ended December31, 2004 to $729 million for the year ended December31, 2005. Gross margin decreased from 618% for the year ended December31, 2004 to 581% for the year ended December31, 2005 due
primarily to product mix, higher service costs and price discounts. Selling expenses.Selling expenses
increased by $114 million or 440%, from $259 million for the year ended December31, 2004 to $373 million for the year ended December31, 2005. This increase was a result of higher commissions related to increased volume of $31
million, higher salaries of $46 million related to the increase in sales and marketing personnel, higher product demonstration costs of $06 million and higher marketing costs of $31 million. As a percentage of sales, selling expenses increased to
297% of sales in 2005 from 267% in 2004. General and administrative expenses.General and administrative
expenses increased by $38 million or 325% from $117 million for the year ended December31, 2004 to $155 million for the year ended December31, 2005. This increase was due to higher salaries and bonuses of $11 million, higher
professional and legal fees of $27 million, of which $13 million was related to patent litigation, and higher facilities and rent of $06 million, partially offset by reduced stock option expense of $04 million. General and administrative
expenses as percentage of sales rose slightly to 124% of sales in 2005 from 121% of sales in 2004. Depreciation and amortization
expenses.Depreciation and amortization expenses increased by $12 million or 522% from $23 million for the year ended December31, 2004 to $35 million in 2005, due to an increase in depreciation of new equipment
from our Asia/Pacific expansion and from additions to our leased space in the U.S., and an increase in amortization from our purchase of iQvolution. Research and development expenses.Research and development expenses increased by $10 million or 185% from $54 million for the year ended December31, 2004 to $64 million for the
year ended December31, 2005. This was due to an increase in salaries and bonuses of $06 million stemming from the hiring of personnel to support the new Laser Scanner LS and an increase in external services and other project expenses of $02
million. Research and development expenses as a percentage of sales were 51% in 2005 compared to 56% in 2004. Interest income /
expense.Interest income increased by $02 million or 50% from $04 million for the year ended December31, 2004 to $06 million for the year ended December31, 2005 primarily from an increase in interest rates
in 2005 which was partially offset by reduced investment balances. Interest expense increased slightly due to our purchase of iQvolution and subsequent retirement of their debt obligations. Other expense income, net.Other expense income, net decreased by $12 million from income of $04 million for the year
ended December31, 2004 to expense of $08 million for the year ended December31, 2005. This decrease was primarily due to foreign exchange losses of $08 million in 2005. Income tax expense.Income tax expense increased $13 million from $04 million for the year ended December31, 2004
to $17 million for the year ended December31, 2005. The effective tax rate in 2005 was 174% of income before income tax compared to 23% in 2004. The primary reason for the higher tax rate was the prior year tax benefit attributable to a
reduction in the valuation allowance of approximately $32 million. Of that reduction, $15 million related to usage of net operating losses in foreign jurisdictions and $17 million of the reduction in the valuation allowance related to
the partial release of the valuation allowance taken in the fourth quarter of 2004 on foreign deferred tax assets which the Company believed were more likely than not to be realized. The Company has $60 million in net deferred tax assets remaining,
which will more likely than not be realized in 2006 and thereafter if the Company remains consistently profitable See also Note 14-Income Taxes. Separate from income tax expenses, the Company recorded an addition to shareholders equity of
$04 million in 2005 for the income tax benefit received from the exercise of unqualified stock options by employees. 
27 Table of Contents
Net income.Net income decreased $67 million or 450% from $149 million
for the year ended December31, 2004 to $82 million for the year ended December31, 2005 as a result of the factors described above. Liquidity and Capital Resources The Company has financed its operations primarily from cash provided by operating
activities and from the proceeds of its 1997 initial public offering of common stock approximately $317 million, and its 2003 private placement of its common stock with various institutional investors approximately $249 million. On January10, 2005, the Company filed a Registration Statement on Form S-3 with the Securities and Exchange Commission allowing it to raise
proceeds of up to $125 million. The proceeds from any offerings with respect to this registration statement, if any, would be used for either repayment or refinancing of debt, acquisition of additional businesses or technologies or for working
capital and general corporate purposes. To date, we have not raised any capital under this Form S-3 Registration Statement. The Company must file in a timely manner all reports under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 with certain exceptions
with the SEC for a period of 12 months in order to be able to use its S-3 registration statement. Because the Companys Form 10-K for the year ended December31, 2005 and Form 10-Q for the first quarter ended April1, 2006 were not
timely filed, the Company is not eligible to use its Form S-3 registration statement. As a result, the Company would be required to use a Form S-1 registration statement if it were to raise equity or debt in the public markets. On July11, 2006, the Company entered into an loan agreement providing for an available line of credit of $300 million. Loans under the loan
agreement bear interest at the rate of LIBOR plus 175% and require the Company to maintain certain ratios with respect to a debt covenant agreement, including current ratio, consolidated EBITDA, and senior funded debt to EBITDA. As of
December31, 2006, the Company is in compliance with all of the covenants under the Amended Loan Agreement. The term of the Amended Loan Agreement extends to April30, 2009. The Company has not drawn on this line of credit. Cash and cash equivalents increased by $64 million to $157 million at December31, 2006 from $93 million at December31, 2005. This increase
was primarily attributable to net cash provided by operating activities of $102 million; less: cash used in investing activities to purchase equipment, intangible and other assets of $42 million, offset by proceeds from sales of investments of
$07 million; cash used in financing activities to make payments of capital leases of $02 million, and a decrease of $01 million related to the exchange rate effects on cash. In addition, the Company had short term investments of $158 million and
$165 million at December31, 2006 and December31, 2005, respectively. We believe that our working capital, together with
anticipated cash flow from our operations, our credit facility and previously announced shelf registration will be sufficient to fund our liquidity requirements through 2007. Off Balance Sheet Items The Company is not party to any off-balance sheet items that have not
already been appropriately disclosed in these financial statements. 
28 Table of Contents
Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments The Company is party to capital leases on automotive and other equipment with an initial term of 36 to 60 months and other non-cancelable operating
leases, including leases with related parties that expire on or before 2011. These obligations are presented below as of December31, 2006:  Payments Due by Period Total
1 Year
1-3Years
3-5Years
5Years
Contractual Obligations Capital lease obligations 167 86 79 2 Operating lease obligations 9,344 3,022 4,366 1,480 476
Purchase obligations 10,549 10,549 Total 20,060 13,657 4,445 1,482 476 The Company enters into purchase commitments for products and services in the ordinary course of
business. These purchases generally cover production requirements for 60 to 90 days. On August11, 2005, the Company entered into an agreement with DELCAM plc under which the Company agreed to purchase approximately $14 million in products
over a 12-month term. At December31, 2006, the Company had completed the purchase of $14 million in products under this agreement. Effective November1, 2005, the Company entered into an agreement with Metrologic Group S.A. under which
the Company agreed to purchase approximately $04 million in products over a 12-month term. At December31, 2006, $03 million had been purchased under this agreement and the agreement was not renewed. Other than the agreements listed above,
the Company does not have any long-term commitments for purchases. Critical Accounting Policies In response to the SECs financial reporting release, FR-60, Cautionary Advice Regarding Disclosure About Critical Accounting Policies, we have selected our critical accounting policies for purposes of explaining the methodology used in the calculation in addition
to any inherent uncertainties pertaining to the possible effects on our financial condition. The critical policies discussed below are our processes of recognizing revenue, the reserve for excess and obsolete inventory, income taxes, and the reserve
for warranties. These policies affect current assets and operating results and are therefore critical in assessing our financial and operating status. These policies involve certain assumptions that, if incorrect, could create an adverse impact on
our operations and financial position. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires the Companys management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses, as well as disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience along with
various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Some of
these judgments can be subjective and complex and, consequently, actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. While for any given estimate or assumption made by the Companys management there may be
other estimates or assumptions that are reasonable, the Company believes that, given the current facts and circumstances, it is unlikely that applying any such other reasonable estimate or assumption would materially impact the financial statements.
Revenue Recognition Revenue related
to the Companys measurement equipment and related software is generally recognized upon shipment as the Company considers the earnings process substantially complete as of the shipping date. Revenue from sales of software only is recognized
when no further significant production, modification or 
29 Table of Contents
customization of the software is required and where the following criteria are met: persuasive evidence of a sales agreement exists, delivery has occurred,
and the sales price is fixed or determinable and deemed collectible. Revenues resulting from sales of comprehensive support, training and technology consulting services are recognized as such services are performed. Extended maintenance plan
revenues are recognized on a straight-line basis over the life of the plan. The Company warrants its products against defects in design, materials and workmanship for one year. A provision for estimated future costs relating to warranty expenses is
recorded when products are shipped. Costs relating to extended maintenance plans are recognized as incurred. Revenue from the licensing agreements for the use of the Companys technology for medical applications is recognized on an accrual
basis based on historical data. The Reserve for Excess and Obsolete Inventory Since the value of inventory that will ultimately be realized cannot be known with exact certainty, we rely upon both past sales history and future sales
forecasts to provide a basis for the determination of the reserve. Inventory is considered obsolete if we have withdrawn those products from the market or had no sales of the product for the past 12 months, and have no sales forecasted for the next
12 months. Inventory is considered excess if the quantity on hand exceeds 12 months of remaining usage. The resulting obsolete and excess parts are then reviewed to determine if a substitute usage or a future need exists. Items without an identified
current or future usage will be reserved in an amount equal to 100% of the FIFO cost of such inventory. Our products are subject to changes in technologies that may make certain of our products or their components obsolete or less competitive, which
may increase our historical provisions to the reserve. Income Taxes We review our deferred tax assets on a regular basis to evaluate their recoverability based upon expected future reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projections of future taxable income over a two year period, and
tax planning strategies that we might employ to utilize such assets, including net operating loss carryforwards. Based on the positive and negative evidence described in Financial Accounting Standards Board Statement No109, Accounting
for Income Taxes, we establish a valuation allowance against the net deferred assets of a taxing jurisdiction in which we operate unless it is more likely than not that we will recover such assets through the above means. In the
future, our evaluation of the need for the valuation allowance will be significantly influenced by our ability to achieve profitability and our ability to predict and achieve future projections of taxable income. The Company operates in a number of different countries around the world and considers the statutory rates within each jurisdiction to determine the
overall effective tax rate. In 2003, the Company began to manufacture its products in Switzerland, where it has received a favorable income tax rate commitment from the Swiss government as an incentive to establish a manufacturing plant there. The
aggregate dollar effect of this favorable tax rate was approximately $17 million, or $012 per share, in the year ended December31, 2006, and $30 million, or $021 per share, in the year ended December31, 2005. In 2005, the Company opened a regional headquarters and began to manufacture its products in Singapore, where it has recently received approval for a
four year tax holiday from the Singapore Economic Development Board as an incentive to establish a manufacturing plant and regional headquarters. The aggregate dollar effect of this favorable tax rate was approximately $09 million, or $06 per
share, during the year ended December31, 2006. The Company is subject to certain terms and conditions including employment,
spending, and capital investment in each of these countries in order to receive these favorable tax rates or be subject to the statutory rates. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. In the ordinary
course of global business, there are many transactions for which the ultimate tax outcome is uncertain. We have appropriately reserved for our tax uncertainties based on the criteria established by SFAS 5, Accounting for Loss
Contingencies. 
30 Table of Contents
The Reserve For Warranties The Company establishes at the time of sale a liability for the one year warranty included with the initial purchase price of the equipment based upon an estimate of the repair expenses likely to be incurred for the
warranty period. The warranty period is measured in installation-months for each major product group. Warranty reserve is reflected in accrued liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The warranty expense is estimated by applying
the actual total repair expenses for each product group in the prior period and determining a rate of repair expense per installation month. This repair rate is multiplied by the number of installation-months of warranty for each product group to
determine the provision for warranty expenses for the period. The Company evaluates its exposure to warranty costs at the end of each period using the estimated expense per installation-month for each major product group, the number of units
remaining under warranty and the remaining number of months each unit will be under warranty. The Company has a history of new product introductions and enhancements to existing products which may result in unforeseen issues that may increase our
warranty costs. While such expenses have historically been within expectations, we cannot guarantee this will continue in the future. Transactions with
Related and Other Parties The Company leases its headquarters in Lake Mary, Florida from Xenon Research, Inc., a company owned by Simon
Raab, the Companys Chairman, and Diana Raab, his spouse. The prior lease expired on February28, 2006, and the Company executed a new Lease Agreement on August8, 2006 with Xenon Research. The initial term of the Lease commenced as
of July1, 2006 and expires on July1, 2011. The Lease will be automatically renewed for one successive five-year term unless the Company provides Xenon Research with written notice of non-renewal at least 90 days prior to the end of the
then-applicable term. The Company also has a one-time right to terminate the Lease after three years from July1, 2006 upon written notice delivered to the Landlord one year prior to the date upon which the Company wishes to terminate the
Lease. The Companys independent directors negotiated and approved the lease on behalf of the Company. In that process, the independent directors consulted with a real estate broker to verify that the lease rate and terms were competitive and
at market. During the first year of the initial term, the fixed rent will be $302,750 per annum payable monthly. Each year thereafter on
July1, the fixed rent will be increased by three percent over the fixed rent for the preceding year. The lease is a net lease, meaning that the Company also is responsible for real estate taxes and insurance expenses covering the
leased premises. The real estate taxes and insurance expenses are paid by Xenon Research, and the Company reimburses Xenon Research in equal monthly payments for such real estate taxes and insurance expenses with the reimbursement amount to be
computed annually based on the real estate taxes and insurance expenses actually paid by Xenon Research. All payments of fixed rent and additional rent will include all applicable sales and use taxes. Foreign Exchange Exposure We conduct a significant
portion of our business outside the United States. At present, approximately 59% of our revenues are invoiced, and a significant portion of our operating expenses paid, in foreign currencies. Fluctuations in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar
and such foreign currencies may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition, and could specifically result in foreign exchange gains and losses. The impact of future exchange rate fluctuations on the
results of our operations cannot be accurately predicted. To the extent that the percentage of our non-U.S. dollar revenues derived from international sales increases or decreases in the future, our exposure to risks associated with fluctuations
in foreign exchange rates may increase or decrease in response to the SECs financial reporting release, FR-60, Cautionary Advice Regarding Disclosure About Critical Accounting Policies, we have selected our critical accounting
policies for purposes of explaining the methodology used in the calculation in addition to any inherent uncertainties pertaining to the possible effects on our financial condition. The critical policies discussed below are our processes of
recognizing revenue, the reserve for obsolescence, income taxes, and the reserve for warranties. These policies affect current assets and operating results and are therefore critical in assessing our financial and operating status. These policies
involve certain assumptions that, if incorrect, could create an adverse impact on our operations and financial position. 
31 Table of Contents
Inflation The Company believes that inflation has not had a material impact on its results of operations in recent years and does not expect inflation to have a material impact on its operations in 2007. Impact of Recently Issued Accounting Standards In November 2004, the FASB issued SFAS No151, Inventory Costs, an Amendment of ARB No43, Chapter 4. SFAS No151 retains the general principle of ARB No43, Chapter 4, Inventory
Pricing, that inventories are presumed to be stated at cost; however, it amends ARB No43 to clarify that abnormal amounts of idle facilities, freight, handling costs and spoilage should be recognized as current period expenses.
Also, SFAS No151 requires fixed overhead costs be allocated to inventories based on normal production capacity. The guidance in SAFS No151 is effective for inventory costs incurred during fiscal years beginning after June15,
2005. The adoption of SFAS No151 did not have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations. In December
2004, the FASB issued SFAS No123R, Share-Based Payment. SFAS No123R requires employee stock options and rights to purchase shares under stock participation plans to be accounted for under the fair value method, and
eliminates the ability to account for these instruments under the intrinsic value method prescribed by APB Opinion No25, as allowed under the original provisions of SFAS No123. SFAS No123R requires the use of an option pricing
model for estimating fair value, which is amortized to expense over the service periods. SFAS No123R allows for two alternative transition methods. The first method is the modified prospective application whereby compensation cost for the
portion of awards for which the requisite service has not yet been rendered that are outstanding as of the adoption date will be recognized over the remaining service period. The compensation cost for that portion of awards will be based on the
grant date fair value of those awards as calculated for pro forma disclosures under SFAS No123, as originally issued. All new awards and awards that are modified, repurchased, or cancelled after the adoption date will be accounted for under
the provisions of SFAS No123R. The second method is the modified retrospective application, which requires that the Company restates prior period financial statements. The modified retrospective application may be applied either to all
periods or only to prior interim periods in the year of adoption of this statement. The Company has adopted the provisions of SFAS No123R effective January1, 2006 using the modified prospective application transition method. The Company
accelerated the vesting for substantially all of its outstanding options prior to December31, 2005, and expects to record minimal expenses for its remaining unvested stock options during 2006. The reduction in pre-tax charges estimated by the
Company as a result of the acceleration amounts to approximately $77 million over the course of the original vesting periods. The fair value for any future grants will be included in expense over the vesting periods. In September 2006, the SEC staff issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No108, Considering the Effects of Prior Year Misstatements when
Quantifying Misstatements in Current Year Financial Statements.SAB 108 was issued to provide consistency between how registrants quantify financial statement misstatements. Historically, there have been two widely-used methods for quantifying the effects of financial statement misstatements.These methods are referred
to as the roll-over and iron curtain method.The roll-over method quantifies the amount by which the current year income statement is misstated. Exclusive reliance on an income statement approach can result in the
accumulation of errors on the balance sheet that may not have been material to any individual income statement, but which may misstate one or more balance sheet accounts. The iron curtain method quantifies the error as the cumulative amount by which
the current year balance sheet is misstated.Exclusive reliance on a balance sheet approach can result in disregarding the effects of errors in the current year income statement that results from the correction of an error existing in
previously issued financial statements.We previously used the roll-over method for quantifying identified financial statement misstatements. 
32 Table of Contents
SAB 108 established an approach that requires quantification of financial statement misstatements based
on the effects of the misstatement on each of the Companys financial statements and the related financial statement disclosures.This approach is commonly referred to as the dual approach because it requires quantification of
errors under both the roll-over and iron curtain methods. SAB 108 allows registrants to initially apply the dual approach either by
1retroactively adjusting prior financial statements as if the dual approach had always been used or by 2recording the cumulative effect of initially applying the dual approach as adjustments to the carrying values of assets and
liabilities as of January1, 2006 with an offsetting adjustment recorded to the opening balance of retained earnings.Use of this cumulative effect transition method requires detailed disclosure of the nature and amount of each
individual error being corrected through the cumulative adjustment and how and when it arose. The Company has evaluated SAB 108 and it did
not have a material impact on the Companys financial condition or results of operations. In July 2006, the FASB issued FASB
Interpretation 48, Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxesan interpretation of SFAS No109 FIN 48. The intent of FIN 48 is to clarify the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an entitys
financial statements in accordance with SFAS 109. This interpretation imposes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for financial statement disclosure of tax positions taken or expected to be taken on a tax return. This interpretation is
effective for fiscal years beginning after December15, 2006. The Company is currently evaluating the requirements of FIN 48 and has not yet determined the impact this adoption will have on its consolidated financial statements.  ITEM7A.
QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.
Foreign Exchange Exposure The Company conducts a significant portion of its business outside the United States. At present, a slight majority of the Companys revenues are invoiced, and a significant portion of its operating expenses
paid, in foreign currencies. Fluctuations in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and such foreign currencies may have a material adverse effect on the Companys business, results of operations and financial condition, and could specifically
result in foreign exchange gains and losses. The impact of future exchange rate fluctuations on the results of the Companys operations cannot be accurately predicted. To the extent that the percentage of the Companys non-U.S. dollar
revenues derived from international sales increases in the future, the Companys exposure to risks associated with fluctuations in foreign exchange rates will increase further. 
33 Table of Contents ITEM8.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of FARO Technologies, Inc.: We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of FARO
Technologies, Inc. a Florida Corporation and subsidiaries collectively, the Company as of December31, 2006 and 2005, and the related consolidated statements of income, shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the
years in the three year period ended December31, 2006. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Companys management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for
our opinion. In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of
FARO Technologies, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December31, 2006 and 2005, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the three year period ended December31, 2006 in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Our audits were conducted for the purpose of forming an opinion on the basic financial
statements taken as a whole. The Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts is presented for purposes of additional analysis and is not a required part of the basic financial statements. This schedule has been subjected to the auditing
procedures applied in the audit of the basic financial statements and, in our opinion, is fairly stated in all material respects to the basic financial statements taken as a whole. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company adopted Statement No 123 revised 2004, Share-Based Payment, effective for interim or annual reporting periods beginning after
December15, 2005. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the
effectiveness of FARO Technologies, Inc. and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2006, based on criteria established in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO and our report dated March14, 2007 expressed an unqualified opinion on managements assessment of internal controls over financial reporting and an adverse opinion on the Companys
internal controls over financial reporting. Orlando, Florida March14, 2007 
34 Table of Contents
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of FARO Technologies, Inc.: We
have audited managements assessment, included in the accompanying Managements Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, that FARO Technologies, Inc. a Florida Corporation and subsidiaries did not maintain effective internal
control over financial reporting as of December31, 2006, because of the effect of the lack of controls in place to prevent premature revenue recognition on sales with certain shipping terms, based on criteria established in Internal
ControlIntegrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO. FARO Technologies, Inc. and subsidiaries management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over
financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on managements assessment and an opinion on the effectiveness of the companys
internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included
obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, evaluating managements assessment, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control, and performing such other procedures as we
considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinions. A companys internal control over
financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
A companys internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that 1pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
assets of the company; 2provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of
the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 3provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
companys assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. A material weakness is a control deficiency, or combination of control deficiencies, that results in more
than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected. The following material weakness has been identified and included in managements assessment. The controls
were not in place to provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, which resulted in premature revenue recognition
on sales with certain shipping terms. This material weakness was considered in determining the nature, timing, and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the 2006 financial statements, and this report does not affect our report dated
March14, 2007, which expressed an unqualified opinion and contained an explanatory paragraph on the Companys adoption of Statement No123 revised 2004 on those financial statements. In our opinion, managements assessment that FARO Technologies, Inc. and subsidiaries did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of
December31, 2006, is fairly stated, in all material 
35 Table of Contents
respects, based on criteria established in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework issued by COSO. Also in our opinion, because of the effect of the
material weakness described above on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria, FARO Technologies, Inc. and subsidiaries has not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2006, based on
criteria established in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework issued by COSO. Orlando, Florida March14, 2007 
36 Table of Contents
FARO TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  in thousands, except share data
December31,2006 December31,2005 ASSETS Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents 15,689 9,278 Short-term investments 15,790 16,490 Accounts receivable, net 42,706 28,654 Inventories 23,429 28,650 Deferred income taxes, net 1,845 2,155 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 3,222 2,200 Total current assets 102,681 87,427 Property and Equipment Machinery and equipment 9,131 6,940 Furniture and fixtures 3,988 3,334 Leasehold improvements 2,615 1,710 Property and equipment at cost 15,734 11,984 Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 8,889 5,920 Property and equipment, net 6,845 6,064 Goodwill 17,266 14,574 Intangible assets, net 6,221 6,395 Service Inventory 7,278 4,333 Deferred income taxes, net 3,985 3,855 Total Assets 144,276 122,648 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Current Liabilities Accounts payable 11,182 12,301 Accrued liabilities 10,379 5,569 Income taxes payable 2,151 1,406 Current portion of unearned service revenues 4,569 3,168 Customer deposits 618 201 Current portion of long-term debt and obligations under capital leases 90 163 Total current liabilities 28,989 22,808 Unearned service revenuesless current portion 2,917 803 Deferred tax liability, net 1,200 Long-term debt and obligations under capital leasesless current portion 115 177 Total Liabilities 33,221 23,788 Commitments and contingenciesSee notes 2, 11 and 15 Shareholders Equity Common stockpar value $001, 50,000,000 shares authorized; 14,586,402 and 14,481,178 issued; 14,464,715 and 14,290,917 outstanding,
respectively 14 14 Additional paid-in-capital 85,160 83,940 Retained earnings 25,452 17,256 Accumulated other comprehensive income loss 580 2,199 Common stock in treasury, at cost40,000 shares 151 151 Total Shareholders Equity 111,055 98,860 Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 144,276 122,648 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
37 Table of Contents
FARO TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME  Years ended December31 in thousands, except share and per share data
2006 2005 2004 SALES 152,405 125,590 97,020 COST OF SALES exclusive of depreciation and amortization, shown separately below 62,947 52,658 37,025 GROSS PROFIT 89,458 72,932 59,995 OPERATING EXPENSES Selling 45,282 37,274 25,887 General and administrative 24,554 15,539 11,745 Depreciation and amortization 4,135 3,453 2,339 Research and development 7,228 6,440 5,441 Total operating expenses 81,199 62,706 45,412 INCOME FROM OPERATIONS 8,259 10,226 14,583 OTHER INCOME EXPENSE Interest income 743 567 356 Other income expense, net 790 806 362 Interest expense 16 89 12 INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAX 9,776 9,898 15,289 INCOME TAX EXPENSE 1,580 1,719 358 NET INCOME 8,196 8,179 14,931 NET INCOME PER SHAREBASIC 057 058 108 NET INCOME PER SHAREDILUTED 056 057 106 Weighted average sharesBasic 14,397,050 14,169,140 13,833,590 Weighted average sharesDiluted 14,560,331 14,442,248 14,023,159 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
38 Table of Contents
FARO TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY FOR THE YEARS ENDED
DECEMBER 31, 2006, 2005, and 2004  Common Stock
Additional Paid-in Capital UnearnedCompensation Retained Earnings Deficit  Income Common Stock in Treasury Total in thousands except share data
Shares Amounts BALANCE DECEMBER 31, 2003
13,518,998 14 75,133 227 5,854 6 151 68,921 Net income 14,931 14,931 Currency translation adjustment 1,425 1,425 Comprehensive income 16,356 Options subject to variable accounting 455 455 Amortization of unearned compensation 277 277 Stock options exercised
485,512 1,171 1,171 Tax benefit from employee stock option exercises 2,434 2,434 Cancellation of SMX shares
418 1 1 BALANCE DECEMBER 31, 2004
14,004,092 14 78,282 505 9,077 1,431 151 89,158 Net income 8,179 8,179 Currency translation adjustment 3,630 3,630 Comprehensive income 4,549 Options subject to variable accounting 207 207 Amortization of unearned compensation 150 150 Amortization of restricted stock units 93 93 Stock issued for iQvolution purchase
152,292 3,499 3,499 Accrual for iQvolution milestone earn-outs 675 675 Stock issued for iQvolution milestone earn-outs
12,183 252 252 Stock options exercised
137,499 340 340 Tax benefit from employee stock option exercises 382 382 Board compensation
24,851 62 62 BALANCE DECEMBER 31, 2005
14,330,917 14 83,792 148 17,256 2,199 151 98,860 Net income 8,196 8,196 Currency translation adjustment 2,779 2,779 Comprehensive income 10,975 Reclassification related to SFAS 123R 148 148 Amortization of unearned compensation 28 28 FAS 123-R stock option expense 29 29 Amortization of restricted stock units 178 178 Issuance of restricted stock units
31,776 176 176 Stock issued for iQvolution milestone earn-outs
68,574 408 408 Stock options exercised
61,398 351 351 Tax benefit from employee stock option exercises 10 10 Board compensation
12,050 40 40 BALANCE DECEMBER 31, 2006
14,504,715 14 85,160 25,452 580 151 111,055 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
39 Table of Contents
FARO TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  Year ended December31 2006 2005 2004 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income 8,196 8,179 14,931 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by used in operating activities Depreciation and amortization 4,135 3,453 2,339 Amortization of stock options and restricted stock units 401 57 277 Provision for bad debts 230 112 154 Income tax expense benefit from exercise of stock options 102 382 2,434 Deferred income tax benefit 20 854 3,309 Change in operating assets and liabilities Decrease increase in Accounts receivable, net 12,173 7,830 5,474 Inventories 2,804 13,788 5,354 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 933 508 1,019 Increase decrease in Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 3,062 4,309 2,138 Income taxes payable 526 1,454 502 Customer deposits 399 302 69 Unearned service revenues 3,189 1,030 611 Net cash provided by used in operating activities 9,754 3,404 7,295 INVESTING ACTIVITIES Acquisition of iQvolution 6,385 Purchases of property and equipment 3,357 3,937 2,451 Payments for intangible assets 820 937 1,004 Purchases of short-term investments 10,900 30,390 Proceeds from short-term investments 700 16,895 23,942 Net cash used in investing activities 3,477 5,264 9,903 FINANCING ACTIVITIES Payments of capital leases 204 34 38 Proceeds from issuance of stock, net 463 402 1,171 Net cash used in provided by financing activities 259 368 1,133 EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES ON CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 125 1,221 407 INCREASE DECREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 6,411 7,079 1,068 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING OF PERIOD 9,278 16,357 17,425 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF PERIOD 15,689 9,278 16,357 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
40 Table of Contents
FARO TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2006,
2005 and 2004 in thousands, except share and per share data, or as otherwise noted  1.
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Description of BusinessFARO Technologies, Inc. and subsidiaries collectively the Company or FARO design, develop, manufacture, market and support software-based three-dimensional measurement
devices for manufacturing, industrial, building construction and forensic applications. The Companys principal products include the Faro Arm, Faro Scan Arm, and Faro Gage, all articulated electromechanical measuring devices, and the Faro Laser
Tracker and the Faro Laser Scanner LS, both laser-based measuring devices. Markets for the Companys products include automobile, aerospace, heavy equipment, and law enforcement agencies. The Company sells the vast majority of its products
though a direct sales force located in many of the worlds largest industrialized countries. Principles of
ConsolidationThe consolidated financial statements of the Company include the accounts of FARO Technologies, Inc. and all its subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. The financial statements of
the foreign subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars using exchange rates in effect at period-end for assets and liabilities and average exchange rates during each reporting period for results of operations. Adjustments resulting from financial
statement translations are reflected as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive loss income. Revenue Recognition,
Product Warranty and Extended Maintenance ContractsRevenue related to the Companys measurement systems integrated combinations of a measurement device, a computer and software loaded on the computer and the measurement device
is generally recognized upon shipment as the Company considers the earnings process substantially complete as of the shipping date. The Company warrants its products against defects in design, materials and workmanship for one year. A provision for
estimated future costs relating to warranty expenses is recorded when products are shipped. The Company separately sells one and three year extended warranties. Extended warranty revenues are recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the
warranty. Costs relating to extended maintenance plans are recognized as incurred. Revenue from sales of software only is recognized when no further significant production, modification or customization of the software is required and when the
following criteria are met: persuasive evidence of a sales agreement exists, delivery has occurred, and the sales price is fixed or determinable and deemed collectible. Revenues resulting from sales of comprehensive support, training and technology
consulting services are recognized as such services are performed and are deferred when billed in advance of the performance of services. Revenue from the licensing agreements for the use of its technology for medical applications is generally
recognized as licensees use the technology. Amounts representing royalties for the current year and not received as of year-end are estimated as due based on historical data and recognized in the current year. Cash and Cash EquivalentsThe Company considers cash on hand and amounts on deposit with financial institutions which have maturities
of three months or less when purchased to be cash and cash equivalents. The Company had deposits with foreign banks totaling $9,861 and $7,336 as of December31, 2006 and 2005, respectively. Short-term investmentsShort-term investments ordinarily consist of short-term debt securities acquired with cash not immediately
needed in operations, and are held at fair value. Management determines the appropriate classification of its short-term investments at
the time of the purchase and reevaluates such determinations at each balance sheet date. The Companys short-term investments are diversified among high credit quality securities in accordance with the Companys investment policy.
41 Table of Contents
Accounts receivable and related allowance for doubtful accountsCredit is extended to
customers based on an evaluation of a customers financial condition and, generally, collateral is not required. Accounts receivable are generally due within 30-90 days and are stated at amounts due from customers net of an allowance for
doubtful accounts. Accounts outstanding longer than the contractual payment terms are considered past due. The Company makes judgments as to the collectibility of accounts receivable based on historical trends and future expectations. Management
estimates an allowance for doubtful accounts which adjusts gross trade accounts receivable to its net realizable value. The allowance for doubtful accounts is based on an analysis of all receivables for possible impairment issues, and historical
write-off percentages. The Company writes off accounts receivable when they become uncollectible, and payments subsequently received on such receivables are credited to the allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company does not generally charge
interest on past due receivables. InventoriesInventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value using
the first-in first-out method. Shipping and handling costs are classified as a component of cost of sales in the consolidated statements of income. Sales demonstration inventory is comprised of measuring devices utilized by sales representatives to
present the Companys products to customers. These products remain in sales demonstration inventory for approximately six to twelve months and are subsequently sold at prices that produce slightly reduced gross margins. Service inventory is
comprised of inventory that is not expected to be sold within twelve months, such as training and loaned equipment. Property and
EquipmentProperty and equipment purchases exceeding a thousand dollars are capitalized and recorded at cost. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the various classes of assets as
follows:  Machinery and equipment
2to5years
Furniture and fixtures
3to10years
Leasehold improvements are amortized on the straight-line basis over the lesser of the life of the
asset or the term of the lease, not to exceed 7 years. Depreciation expense was $2,842, $2,154 and $1,453 in 2006, 2005 and 2004,
respectively. Accelerated methods of depreciation are used for income tax purposes in contrast to book purposes, and as a result, appropriate provisions are made for the related deferred income taxes. Goodwill and IntangiblesGoodwill represents the excess cost of a business acquisition over the fair value of the net assets acquired.
In accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards SFAS No142, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, indefinite-life identifiable intangible assets and goodwill are not amortized. The Company periodically
reviews its identifiable intangible assets and goodwill, considering factors such as projected cash flows and revenue and earnings multiples, to determine whether the value of the assets are impaired and the amortization periods are appropriate. If
an asset is impaired, the difference between the value of the asset reflected on the financial statements and its current fair value is recognized as an expense in the period in which the impairment occurs. Other acquired intangibles principally include patents, existing product technology and customer relationships that arose in connection with the
acquisition of iQvolution AG See note 2. Other acquired intangibles are recorded at fair value at the date of acquisition and are amortized over their estimated useful lives of 3 to 15 years. Patents are recorded at cost. Amortization is computed using the straight-line method over the lives of the patents. 
42 Table of Contents
Research and DevelopmentResearch and development costs incurred in the discovery of
new knowledge and the resulting translation of this new knowledge into plans and designs for new products, prior to the attainment of the related products technological feasibility, are recorded as expenses in the period incurred. 
The Reserve for WarrantiesThe Company establishes a liability for included twelve-month warranties by the creation of a warranty
reserve, which is an estimate of the repair expenses likely to be incurred for the remaining period of warranty measured in installation-months in each major product group. Warranty reserve is reflected in accrued liabilities in the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets. The warranty expense is estimated by determining the total repair expenses for each product group in the period and determining a rate of repair expense per installation month. The rate is multiplied by the number of
machine-months of warranty for each product group sold during the period to determine the provision for warranty expenses for the period. The Company reevaluates its exposure to warranty costs at the end of each period using the estimated expense
per installation month for each major product group, the number of machines remaining under warranty and the remaining number of months each machine will be under warranty. While such expenses have historically been within its expectations, we
cannot guarantee this will continue in the future. Income Taxes The Company reviews its deferred tax assets on a
regular basis to evaluate their recoverability based upon expected future reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projections of future taxable income, and tax planning strategies that the Company might employ to utilize such assets, including net
operating loss carryforwards. Based on the positive and negative evidence described in Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Statement No109, Accounting for Income Taxes SFAS 109, the Company establishes a valuation
allowance against the net deferred assets of a taxing jurisdiction in which the Company operates unless it is more likely than not that the Company will recover such assets through the above means. In the future, our evaluation of the
need for the valuation allowance will be significantly influenced by the Companys ability to achieve profitability and the Companys ability to predict and achieve future projections of taxable income over a two year period. 
The Company operates in a number of different countries around the world. In 2003, the Company began to manufacture its products in Switzerland, where
it has received a permanent income tax rate commitment from the Swiss government as an incentive to establish a manufacturing plant there. In 2005, the Company opened a regional headquarters and began to manufacture its products in Singapore, where
it has received in 2006 a favorable multi-year income tax rate commitment from the Singapore Economic Development Board as an incentive to establish a manufacturing plant and regional headquarters there. Significant judgment is required in determining the Companys worldwide provision for income taxes. In the ordinary course of global
business, there are many transactions for which the ultimate tax outcome is uncertain. The Company has appropriately reserved for our tax uncertainties based on the criteria established by SFAS 5, Accounting for Loss Contingencies.
Fair Value of Financial InstrumentsThe Companys financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents,
short-term investments, accounts receivable and accounts payable and accruals. The carrying amounts of such financial instruments approximate their fair value due to the short-term nature of these instruments. Earnings Per ShareBasic earnings per share EPS is computed by dividing earnings available to common shareholders by the
weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS includes the effect of all dilutive stock options and equity instruments. A reconciliation of the number of common shares used in calculation of basic and diluted EPS
is presented in Note 17. Concentration of Credit RiskFinancial instruments which potentially expose the Company to
concentrations of credit risk consist principally of short-term investments and operating demand deposit accounts. The Companys policy is to place its operating demand deposit accounts with high credit quality financial institutions.
43 Table of Contents
Stock-Based Compensation In December 2002, the FASB issued SFAS No148,
Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation-Transition and Disclosure. SFAS No148 provides alternative methods of transition for a voluntary change to the fair value based method of accounting for stock-based compensation. In
addition, SFAS No148 amends the disclosure requirements of SFAS No123, Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation, to require prominent disclosures in both annual and interim financial statements about the method of accounting
for stock-based compensation and the effect of the method used on reported results. SFAS No148 is effective for financial statements for fiscal years ending after December15, 2002 and for interim periods beginning after
December15, 2002. The annual disclosure requirements of SFAS No148 were adopted by the Company on January1, 2003. In
December 2004, the FASB issued SFAS No123R, Share-Based Payment. SFAS No123R requires employee stock options and rights to purchase shares under stock participation plans to be accounted for under the fair value
method, and eliminates the ability to account for these instruments under the intrinsic value method prescribed by APB Opinion No25, as allowed under the original provisions of SFAS No123. Under the intrinsic value based method,
compensation cost is measured by the excess, if any, of the quoted market price of the stock at the grant date over the amount an employee must pay to acquire the stock. Under the fair value based method, compensation cost is measured at the grant
date based on the fair value of the award and is recognized over the service period, which is usually the vesting period. SFAS 123R
provides two alternative transition methods in the period of adoption: the modified prospective application method and the modified retrospective application method. The Company has adopted the provisions of SFAS No123R effective
January1, 2006 using the modified prospective application transition method. The modified prospective application requires the compensation cost for the portion of awards for which the requisite service has not yet been rendered that are
outstanding as of the adoption date be recognized over the remaining service period. The compensation cost for that portion of awards will be based on the grant date fair value of those awards as calculated for pro forma disclosures under SFAS
No123, as originally issued. All new awards and awards that are modified, repurchased, or cancelled after the adoption date will be accounted for under the provisions of SFAS No123R. The Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing
model to determine the fair value of stock option grants. The impact of this statement was not material to the Companys financial position or results of operations. Compensation costs of $29 related to the Companys stock option plan and
$181 related to compensation costs of the restricted stock unit grants are included in operations in the year ended December31, 2006. Had compensation expense for the Companys stock based compensation plans been determined consistent with SFAS 123, the Companys net income and earnings per share would have been as follows:  YearsEndedDecember31 2005 2004 Net income, as reported 8,179 14,931 Deduct Add: Stock-based employee compensation income expense included in reported net income, net of related tax effects 94 173 Deduct: Total stock-based employee compensation expense determined under fair value based method for all awards, net of related tax
effects 7,468 1,358 Pro forma net income 617 13,746 Earnings per share Basicas reported 058 108 Basicpro forma 004 099 Dilutedas reported 057 106 Dilutedpro forma 004 098 The years ended 2005 and 2004 assume a U.S. tax rate of 376%. 
44 Table of Contents
We incurred minimal expenses in 2006 as calculated under the Black-Scholes method of SFAS 123, related to
our adoption of SFAS 123R for the expensing of stock options as we vested substantially all of our unvested options in the fourth quarter of 2005. The reduction in pre-tax charges estimated by the Company as a result of the acceleration amounts to
approximately $77 million over the course of the original vesting periods. Options to purchase approximately 704,310 shares of the Companys stock or 525% of the Companys outstanding options were accelerated. The weighted average
exercise price of the options subject to acceleration was $2130. The aggregate pretax expense for the shares subject to acceleration that would have been reflected in the Companys consolidated financial statements beginning in 2006 is
approximately $77 million, including $43 million in 2006, $27 million in 2007, and $07 million in 2008. The fair value for any future grants will be included in expense over the vesting periods. These expenses will be apportioned according to
the classification of the employees who have received stock options into cost of sales, selling, general and administrative or research and development costs. The Company used the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to determine the fair value of grants made. The following assumptions were applied in determining the pro forma compensation cost:  YearsEndedDecember31 2005 2004 Risk-free interest rate
330%to447 254%to382 Expected dividend yield
0 0 Expected option life
4 years 5 years Stock price volatility
627 805 Long-Lived AssetsEffective January1, 2002, the Company adopted SFAS
No144, Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets. SFAS No144 supersedes SFAS No121 and requires that one accounting impairment model be used for long-lived assets to be held and used and
to be disposed of by sale, whether previously held and used or newly acquired, and broadens the presentation of discontinued operations to include more disposal transactions. The adoption of SFAS No144 had no financial impact on the results
of operations or financial position of the Company. During the fourth quarter of 2006, management reviewed the Companys long-lived assets and concluded that there was no impairment of these assets for the year ended December31, 2006.
EstimatesThe preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Impact of Recently
Issued Accounting Standards In November 2004, the FASB issued SFAS No151, Inventory Costs, an Amendment of ARB
No43, Chapter 4. SFAS No151 retains the general principle of ARB No43, Chapter 4, Inventory Pricing, that inventories are presumed to be stated at cost; however, it amends ARB No43 to clarify
that abnormal amounts of idle facilities, freight, handling costs and spoilage should be recognized as current period expenses. Also, SFAS No151 requires fixed overhead costs be allocated to inventories based on normal production capacity.
The guidance in SFAS No151 is effective for inventory costs incurred during fiscal years beginning after June15, 2005. The implementation of SFAS No151 did not have a material impact on its financial position or results of
operations. In September 2006, the SEC staff issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No108, Considering the Effects of Prior Year
Misstatements when Quantifying Misstatements in Current Year Financial Statements.SAB 108 was issued to provide consistency between how registrants quantify financial statement misstatements. 
45 Table of Contents
Historically, there have been two widely-used methods for quantifying the effects of financial statement
misstatements.These methods are referred to as the roll-over and iron curtain method.The roll-over method quantifies the amount by which the current year income statement is misstated. Exclusive reliance on an
income statement approach can result in the accumulation of errors on the balance sheet that may not have been material to any individual income statement, but which may misstate one or more balance sheet accounts. The iron curtain method quantifies
the error as the cumulative amount by which the current year balance sheet is misstated.Exclusive reliance on a balance sheet approach can result in disregarding the effects of errors in the current year income statement that results from the
correction of an error existing in previously issued financial statements.The Company previously used the roll-over method for quantifying identified financial statement misstatements. SAB 108 established an approach that requires quantification of financial statement misstatements based on the effects of the misstatement on each of the
Companys financial statements and the related financial statement disclosures.This approach is commonly referred to as the dual approach because it requires quantification of errors under both the roll-over and iron curtain
methods. SAB 108 allows registrants to initially apply the dual approach either by 1retroactively adjusting prior financial
statements as if the dual approach had always been used or by 2recording the cumulative effect of initially applying the dual approach as adjustments to the carrying values of assets and liabilities as of January1, 2006 with an
offsetting adjustment recorded to the opening balance of retained earnings.Use of this cumulative effect transition method requires detailed disclosure of the nature and amount of each individual error being corrected through the
cumulative adjustment and how and when it arose. The Company has evaluated SAB 108 and it did not have a material impact on the
Companys financial condition or results of operations. In July 2006, the FASB issued FASB Interpretation 48, Accounting for
Uncertainty in Income Taxesan interpretation of SFAS No109 FIN 48. The intent of FIN 48 is to clarify the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an entitys financial statements in accordance with SFAS
109. This interpretation imposes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for financial statement disclosure of tax positions taken or expected to be taken on a tax return. This interpretation is effective for fiscal years beginning after
December15, 2006. The Company is currently evaluating the requirements of FIN 48 and has not yet determined the impact this adoption will have on its consolidated financial statements.  2.
ACQUISITION iQvolutionOn
March29, 2005, the Company acquired 100% of the outstanding stock of privately held iQvolution AG iQvolution. iQvolution, a German company, designs, manufactures and supplies three-dimensional laser scanning products and
services. This purchase was a strategic acquisition to enable the Company to enter broader three-dimensional measurement markets. The purchase price for the transaction was approximately $136 million, including an initial cash payment of
approximately $38 million and 314,736 shares of common stock valued at approximately $72 million based on the average closing price for the three days immediately preceding the closing, 152,292 shares of which were payable immediately. The
remaining 162,444 shares of common stock, valued at approximately $37 million, were placed in escrow and may be paid over the following five years subject to achieving predetermined milestones with respect to purchased assets. Subsequent to the
purchase, approximately $18 million in cash was paid out for the repayment of loans and approximately $04 million was paid in fees associated with the purchase. Additionally, the purchase price was adjusted downward by $01 million, and these
funds were repaid to the Company in the third quarter relating to the settlement of a purchase price adjustment clause within the purchase agreement. In the fourth quarter of 2005, 12,183 shares were issued as a result of the successful
qualification of milestones, with a corresponding addition to goodwill of $252. During 2006, 25,991 shares were released from escrow with a corresponding addition to Goodwill of $408. At December31, 2006, there were 81,267 shares being held in
escrow. 
46 Table of Contents
During the third quarter of 2005, approximately $38 million of the purchase price was allocated to
intangible assets reflecting the Companys preliminary estimate of the fair value of technology and software assets acquired. The hardware assets acquired were valued at approximately $23 million with an estimated life of 17 years, while the
software assets were valued at approximately $16 million with an estimated life of 10 years. As of December31, 2005, these estimates were in the process of being reviewed and validated by a third party. The Company completed in the first
quarter of 2006 the third party valuation of the assets acquired. The Company made an adjustment to the purchase price to reflect a deferred tax liability of approximately $15 million. The following table represents the fair value of the assets
acquired and liabilities assumed and includes the final determination of the estimated fair values of deferred tax assets, non-compete, and intangible assets, which were preliminary as of December31, 2005.  Current assets 907 Property and equipment 595 Deferred tax assets 141 Non-compete 348 Intangible assets 3,492 Goodwill 8,309 Current liabilities 2,235 Long term debt 167 Deferred tax liability 1,506 9,884 The operating results of iQvolution have been included in the consolidated statements of income
since the date of acquisition. The following unaudited pro-forma results of operations for the years ended December31, 2005 and December31, 2004 are presented for informational purposes only and do not purport to be indicative of the
results of operations which actually would have resulted had the acquisition occurred on the date indicated, or the results of operations which may result in the future.  Years ended December31 2005unaudited
2004unaudited
Revenues 125,961 103,022
Net income 7,463 13,891 Income per share Basic 053 099
Diluted 052 098
3.
SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION Selected cash
payments and non-cash activities were as follows:  Years ended December31 2006
2005
2004
Cash paid for interest 16 91 12
Cash paid for income taxes 976 2,027 357
Cash received from income tax refund 1,161 Non-cash investing and financing activities Value of shares issued for acquisition of iQvolution 408 3,756 Fixed assets acquired under capital lease obligations 317
Retirement of fully depreciated property and equipment 4,016
47 Table of Contents 4.
ALLOWANCE FOR DOUBTFUL ACCOUNTS The allowance for
doubtful accounts is as follows:  Years ended December31 2006 2005 2004 Balance, beginning of year 214 339 255 Provision 257 112 154 Amounts written off, net of recoveries 13 237 70 Balance, end of year 458 214 339  5.
SHORT-TERM INVESTMENTS The underlying investments
of the Companys variable rate municipal bonds are long term tax-exempt municipal bonds. These variable rate municipal bonds mature every seven days, at which time the interest rate adjusts to current market conditions. As they are considered
available-for-sale securities, the Company has classified them as short-term investments on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.  6.
INVENTORIES Inventories consist of the following:
December31 2006 2005 Raw materials 9,754 11,820 Finished goods 2,160 4,976 Sales demonstration inventory 11,919 12,227 Reserve for excess and obsolete 404 373 Inventory 23,429 28,650 Service inventory 7,278 4,333 Total 30,707 32,983  7.
GOODWILL The Companys goodwill at
December31, 2006 and 2005 is related to its acquisition of three previous businesses. The Company tests for goodwill impairment in accordance with SFAS No142, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets. The Company
evaluates each reporting units fair value versus its carrying value in the fourth quarter of each year or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may exceed the fair value. The Company prepares a
discounted cash flow model to estimate the fair value of the reporting unit and compares this amount against the carrying value. Impairments to goodwill are charged against earnings in the period the impairment is identified. The Company has three
reporting units for which goodwill was tested on December31, 2006, the Americas Region, the Europe/Asia Region, and the Asia Pacific Region, as shown in the table. As of December31, 2006 and 2005, the Company did not have any goodwill
that was identified as impaired. The increase in goodwill of $27 million in 2006 and $65 million in 2005 relates primarily to the purchase of iQvolution.  December31, 2006
BeginningBalance
Additions
Foreign Currency Translation
EndingBalance
Americas Region 6,994 6,994
Europe/Africa region 7,580 1,625 1,067 10,272
Asia Pacific Region Total 14,574 1,625 1,067 17,266 
48 Table of Contents December31, 2005
BeginningBalance
Additions
Foreign Currency Translation EndingBalance
Americas Region 6,994 6,994
Europe/Africa region 1,083 6,633 136 7,580
Asia Pacific Region Total 8,077 6,633 136 14,574  8.
INTANGIBLE ASSETS Intangible assets consist of the
following:  December31 2006 2005 Amortizable intangible assets Existing product technology 10,273 8,767 Patents 2,984 2,544 Other 6,791 6,055 Total 20,048 17,316 Accumulated amortization 13,827 10,921 Intangible assetsnet 6,221 6,395 In 2005, the Company wrote off patents with an original cost of $503 and a net book value of $334
which had been abandoned. Amortization expense was $1,293, $1,299 and $886, in 2006, 2005, and 2004, respectively. The estimated amortization expense for each of the five succeeding fiscal years is as follows:  Years ending December31 Amount
2007 892
2008 474
2009 465
2010 465
2011 465
Thereafter 3,210 5,971  9.
ACCRUED LIABILITIES Accrued liabilities consist of
the following:  December31 2006
2005
Accrued compensation and benefits 7,195 2,641
Accrued warranties 1,369 861
Professional and legal fees 972 1,239
Other accrued liabilities 843 828 10,379 5,569 
49 Table of Contents
Activity related to accrued warranties was as follows:  December31 2006 2005 Beginning Balance 861 565 Provision for warranty expense 1,326 1,050 Warranty expired 818 754 Ending Balance 1,369 861  10.
LINE OF CREDIT On July11, 2006, the Company
entered into a loan agreement providing for an available line of credit of $300 million. Loans under the loan agreement bear interest at the rate of LIBOR plus 175% and require the Company to maintain certain ratios with respect to a debt covenant
agreement, including current ratio, consolidated EBITDA, and senior funded debt to EBITDA. As of December31, 2006, the Company is in compliance with all of the covenants under the Amended Loan Agreement. The term of the Amended Loan Agreement
extends to April30, 2009. The Company has not drawn on this line of credit.  11.
CAPITAL LEASES AND LONG-TERM DEBT Required future
payments of obligations under capital leases are as follows:  Year ending December31 CapitalLeaseObligations 2007 87 2008 70 2009 8 2010 2 2011 Total future minimum lease payments 167 LessCurrent maturities 52 115 Assets under capital leases were $559 and $384 at December31, 2006 and 2005, respectively.
Accumulated depreciation under capital leases was $366 and $235 at December31, 2006 and 2005, respectively. The current portion of
long-term debt of $38 is included in capital leases and long-term debt in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of December31, 2006.  12.
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Related party
leaseThe Company leases its headquarters in Lake Mary, Florida from Xenon Research, Inc., a company owned by Simon Raab, the Companys Chairman, and Diana Raab, his spouse. The prior lease expired on February28, 2006, and the
Company executed a new Lease Agreement on August8, 2006 with Xenon Research. The term of the lease commenced as of July1, 2006 and expires on July1, 2011. The Lease will be automatically renewed for one successive five-year term
unless the Company provides Xenon Research with written notice of non-renewal at least 90 days prior to the end of the term. The Company also has a one-time right to terminate the Lease after three years from July1, 2006 upon written notice
delivered to the Landlord one year prior to the date upon which the Company wishes to terminate the Lease. The Companys independent directors negotiated and approved the lease on behalf of the Company. In that process, the independent
directors consulted with a real estate broker to verify that the lease rate and terms were competitive and at market. 
50 Table of Contents
During the first year of the Initial Term, the fixed rent will be $302,750 per annum payable monthly.
Each year thereafter on July1, the fixed rent will be increased by three percent over the fixed rent for the preceding year. The lease is a net lease, meaning that the Company also is responsible for real estate taxes and
insurance expenses covering the leased premises. The real estate taxes and insurance expenses are paid by Xenon Research, and the Company reimburses Xenon Research in equal monthly payments for such real estate taxes and insurance expenses with the
reimbursement amount to be computed annually based on the real estate taxes and insurance expenses actually paid by Xenon Research. All payments of fixed rent and additional rent will include all applicable sales and use taxes. Rent expense under
this lease and the prior lease was $398 in 2006, 2005 and 2004.  13.
OTHER INCOME EXPENSE, NET Other income
expense, net consists of the following:  Years ended December31 2006 2005 2004
Foreign exchange gains losses 827 794 337
Disposal of patents 334 Other 37 322 25 Total other income expense, net 790 806 362  14.
INCOME TAXES Income before income taxes consists
of the following:  Years ended December31 2006
2005
2004
Domestic 932 5,304 5,729
Foreign 8,844 4,594 9,560 Income before income taxes 9,776 9,898 15,289 The components of the income tax expense are as follows:  Years ended December31 2006 2005 2004 Current Federal 517 1,792 987 State 50 173 65 Foreign 1,028 1,317 1,316 1,595 3,282 2,368 Deferred Federal 470 395 278 State 46 38 18 Foreign 501 1,130 1,714 15 1,563 2,010 1,580 1,719 358 
51 Table of Contents
Income tax expense for the years ended December31, 2006, 2005, and 2004 differ from the amount
computed by applying the federal statutory corporate rate to income before income taxes. The differences are reconciled as follows:  Years ended December31 2006 2005 2004 Tax expense at statutory rate of 35 3,422 3,464 5,351 State income taxes, net of federal benefit 36 84 147 Foreign tax rate difference 3,064 2,771 1,309 Research and development credit 121 274 270 Change in valuation allowance 1,411 1,247 3,191 Other 104 31 370 Total income tax expense 1,580 1,719 358 The components of the Companys net deferred income tax asset are as follows:  December31 2006 2005 Net deferred income tax assetCurrent Intercompany profit in inventory 1,592 2,166 Warranty costs 268 242 Bad debt reserve 87 32 Inventory reserve 38 59 Unearned service revenue 1,436 723 Other 102 4 Deferred income tax assetCurrent 3,243 3,226 Valuation Allowance 1,398 1,071 Net deferred income tax assetCurrent 1,845 2,155 Net deferred income tax assetNon-current Depreciation 1,228 886 Goodwill amortization 847 880 Product design costs 59 128 Employee stock options 100 55 Unearned service revenue 52 199 Tax credits 279 716 Loss carryforwards 6,251 5,422 Deferred income tax assetNon-current 7,004 6,270 Valuation Allowance 3,019 2,415 Net deferred income tax assetNon-current 3,985 3,855 Net deferred income tax liabilityNon-current Intangible assets 1,200 At December31, 2006 and 2005, the Companys domestic entities had deferred income tax
assets in the amount of $3,996 and $4,074, respectively. The Company has determined that these amounts are fully realizable and have not established any valuation allowance based on the assessment that they are more-likely-than-not to be utilized.
52 Table of Contents
At December31, 2006 and 2005, the Companys foreign subsidiaries had deferred income tax
assets relating to net operating loss carry forwards, which do not expire, of $6,251 and $5,422, respectively. For financial reporting purposes, a valuation allowance of $4,417 and $3,486, respectively has been recognized to offset the deferred tax
assets relating to net operating losses. The Company continues to maintain a valuation allowance on net operating losses in jurisdictions
for which it does not have a history of earnings over the last three years and where the Company believes that the deferred tax assets are not more-likely-than-not to be realized based upon two-year projections of taxable income. The Company
increased the overall valuation allowance in 2006 on its deferred tax assets in the amount of $931. The increase in the valuation allowance for 2006 relates to the net generation of deferred tax assets in foreign jurisdictions, including $451
related to the purchase of iQvolution. At December31, 2006 and 2005, the Company had $279 and $716 in tax credits, respectively.
These credits are related to the Companys research and development activities and expire in 16 to 20 years. The Company fully expects to realize these credits before expiration. The Company operates in a number of different countries around the world. In 2003, the Company began to manufacture its products in Switzerland, where it
has received a favorable income tax rate commitment from the Swiss government as an incentive to establish a manufacturing plant there. The aggregate dollar effect of this favorable tax rate was approximately $17 million, or $012 per share, in the
year ended December31, 2006, and $30 million, or $021 per share, in the year ended December31, 2005. In 2005, the Company opened a regional headquarters and began to manufacture its products in Singapore, where it has received a
reduced income tax rate commitment from the Singapore Economic Development Board as an incentive to establish a manufacturing plant and regional headquarters there. The aggregate dollar effect of this favorable tax rate was approximately $09
million, or $06 per share, during the year ended December31, 2006. We have not recognized any U.S. tax expense on undistributed
international earnings since we intend to reinvest the earnings outside the U.S. for the foreseeable future. Our net undistributed international earnings were approximately $108 million and $63 million at December31, 2006, and 2005,
respectively. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. In the ordinary course of a global
business, there are many transactions for which the ultimate tax outcome is uncertain. The Company reviews its tax contingencies on a regular basis and makes appropriate accruals as necessary.  15.
COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES LeasesThe following is a schedule of future minimum lease payments required under non-cancelable operating leases with initial terms in excess of one year, including leases with related parties see Note 12, in effect
at December31, 2006:  Years ending December31 Amount
2007 3,022
2008 2,422
2009 1,944
2010 906
2011 573
Thereafter 476 Total future minimum lease payments 9,343 Rent expense for 2006, 2005, and 2004, was approximately $3,291, $2,306 and $1,651, respectively.
53 Table of Contents
Patent LitigationPatent LitigationOn November25, 2003,
Cimcore-Romer now a division of Hexagon filed a patent infringement suit against us in the Federal District Court for the Southern District of California alleging that certain of our products sold in the United States, including the FARO Arm,
infringe U.S. Patent 5,829,148 148 patent. The Company believes, and has contended in this litigation, that the Company does not infringe the 148 patent and that the 148 patent is invalid. On July12, 2005, the court issued an order granting Cimcore-Romers motion for summary judgment of infringement of three claims of the
148 patent. On July22, 2005, the Company announced its decision to limit the capability of its U.S.-based FARO Arm products the FARO Arm, the FARO Gage and the Digital Template by removing what we call the infinite rotation
feature by reducing this capability to 50 rotations or fewer. FARO believes that by limiting the range of the joint rotation to 50 rotations, it has removed from its U.S. products the ability to sweep through an unlimited arc, which is a
feature of the 148 patent claims addressed by the courts ruling required to infringe the 148 patent. The revised products have not, however, been considered by the courts. Accordingly, we cannot give assurance that the revised
products will not be deemed to infringe the 148 patent. On September20, 2005, the Court vacated its order of summary judgment
of infringement and agreed to reconsider its conclusions from the patent claim construction Markman ruling, which is a pretrial hearing often used in patent infringement cases. The new Markman hearing occurred on October3, 2005
and the hearing-on-summary judgments of infringement occurred on November14, 2005. On October18, 2005, the Court issued a revised claim construction that the Company believes materially alters the Courts previous Markman ruling by
substantially narrowing what FARO believes to be key aspects of the claim construction. The Company believes that this narrower claim construction will ultimately lead to a finding that it does not infringe any claim of the 148 patent.
The trial began in November 2006, and on December6, 2006, the judge presiding over the case declared a mistrial trial. A new trial
date has been set for April3, 2007. In addition, the Company filed two separate requests for reexamination in the U.S. Patent and
Trademark Office PTO of the 148 Patent, both of which requests were granted. The PTO ruled in the first reexamination in September 2005. The Company believes that the PTO ruling bolsters the Companys previous position that
it does not infringe the 148 patent. More specifically, in the first reexamination, the PTO construed critical claim terms in a relatively narrow manner, which the Company believes is consistent with its stated positions in the patent
litigation. The Companys second reexamination request was granted by the PTO in November 2005 and is based on new prior art that is, earlier issued patent publications submitted to the PTO which FARO believes will ultimately
invalidate the 148 patent. This prior art reference was not at issue in the first reexamination proceeding. On December7,
2006, the PTO rejected key claims in Hexagons 148 patent. Hexagon has appealed the PTOs rejection of the claims. The rejected claims include all the claims involved in the ongoing 148 patent infringement. If the PTO rejection
is ultimately made final, the patent claims asserted against the Company in the Hexagon litigation will be invalidated, and FARO will then prevail in its litigation. The Hexagon 148 patent claims cover a four-jointed arm construction with a
mechanically unlimited rotation of certain joints. The PTO, in its rejection, determined that this feature was already found in a number of prior patents and so determined that the 148 claims were obvious in view of these prior
patents. Hexagon will have the right to respond to, and eventually appeal, the rejection of the claims. In the event of an adverse ruling
in the Romer-Cimcore litigation, we could be required to pay substantial damages, cease the manufacturing, use and sale of any infringing products, discontinue the use of certain processes or obtain a license, if available, from Romer-Cimcore with
royalty payment obligations by us. An adverse decision in the Romer-Cimcore case could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. At this time, however, the Company cannot estimate the potential impact, if
any, that might result from this suit, and therefore, no provision has been made to cover such expense. 
54 Table of Contents
Securities LitigationOn December6, 2005, the first of four
essentially identical class action securities fraud lawsuits were filed against the Company and certain officers of the Company.On April19, 2006, the four lawsuits were consolidated, and Kornitzer Capital Management, Inc. was appointed
as the lead plaintiff.On May16, 2006, Kornitzer filed its Consolidated Amended Class Action Complaint against the Company and the individual defendants.The Amended Complaint also named Grant Thornton LLP, the Companys
independent registered public accounting firm, as an additional defendant. On July31, 2006, the Company filed a Motion to Dismiss
the Amended Complaint.On February3, 2007, the Court dismissed the Amended Complaint, as against all defendants, with leave to re-plead. On February22, 2007, Kornitzer filed its Consolidated Second Amended Class Action Complaint.The Second Amended Complaint principally asserts the same claims set forth in the Amended Complaint, but adds various allegations in an
attempt to comply with certain standards stated in the Courts order.As in the Amended Complaint, Kornitzer seeks to represent a class consisting of all persons who purchased or otherwise acquired the Companys publicly traded
securities between April15, 2004 and March15, 2006.On behalf of the alleged class, Kornitzer seeks an unspecified amount of damages, premised on allegations that each defendant made misrepresentations and omissions of material fact
during the class period in violation of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.Among other things, Kornitzer alleges that the defendants misrepresented matters during the class period related to:ithe value of the Companys
inventory, and the amount of the Companys gross margins and profits, as a result of the inventory valuation; iithe amount of the 2005 selling expenses that the Company had accrued and expected; and iiithe effectiveness of the
Companys systems of internals controls, including in connection with the Companys determination of its inventory valuation and selling expenses, and the fact that certain reported sales in Asia were obtained in violation of the Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act. The Companys deadline for responding to the Second Amended Complaint is April26, 2007.The Company
intends to file a motion to dismiss the Second Amended Complaint.The Company has timely notified the issuer of its Executive Liability and Entity Securities Liability insurance policy of the Securities Litigation.Although the Company
believes that the material allegations made in the Second Amended Complaint are without merit and intends to vigorously defend the Securities Litigation, no assurances can be given with respect to the outcome of the Securities Litigation.
Purchase CommitmentsThe Company enters into purchase commitments for products and services in the
ordinary course of business. These purchases generally cover production requirements for 60 to 90 days. On August11, 2005, FARO entered into an agreement with DELCAM plc under which the Company agreed to purchase approximately $14 million in
products over a 12-month term. At December31, 2006, the Company had completed the purchase of $14 million in products under this agreement. Effective November1, 2005, FARO entered into an agreement with Metrologic Group S.A. under which
the Company agreed to purchase approximately $04 million in products over a 12-month term. At December31, 2006, $03 million had been purchased under this agreement and the agreement was not renewed. Other than the agreements listed above,
the Company does not have any long-term commitments for purchases. Voluntary Disclosure of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act Matter to
the Securities and Exchange Commission and Department of Justice.As previously reported by the Company, the Company learned that its China subsidiary had made payments to certain customers in China that may have violated
the FCPA and other applicable laws. The Companys Audit Committee instituted an internal investigation into this matter in February 2006, and the Company voluntarily notified the SEC and the DOJ of this matter in March 2006. The internal
investigation into this matter has been completed. The Company has provided to the SEC and the DOJ information obtained during the course of this investigation and is cooperating with both agencies. The Companys internal investigation has identified certain improper payments made in China and deficiencies in its controls with respect to its
operations in China in possible violation of the FCPA. If the SEC or the DOJ determines that violations of the FCPA have occurred, they could seek civil and criminal sanctions, 
55 Table of Contents
including monetary penalties, against the Company and/or certain of its employees, as well as additional changes to the Companys business practices and
compliance programs. Based on current information, it is not possible to predict at this time when the SEC or DOJ investigations will be resolved, what the outcome will be, what sanctions, if any, will be imposed, or the effect that such matters may
ultimately have on the Company or its consolidated financial statements. Results of the investigation revealed that referral fee payments in possible violation of the FCPA were $165,000 and $265,000 in 2004 and 2005, respectively, which were
recorded in selling expenses in the Companys statement of income. The related sales to customers to which payment of these referral fees had been made totaled $13 million and $324 million in 2004 and 2005, respectively. Additional improper
referral fee payments of $122,000 were made in January and February 2006 related to sales contracts in 2005. The Company had sales in China of $90 million in 2005 and $42 million in 2004, approximately 7% and 4% of total sales, respectively. The
Company incurred expenses of $38 million in 2006 relating to its internal investigation of the FCPA matter. The Company has terminated
certain personnel in the Asia-Pacific Region and has re-assigned the duties of other personnel in both the Asia-Pacific Region and the U.S. as a result of the internal investigation. The Company is instituting the following remedial measures:
Contracted with a third party forensics accounting team to conduct an in-depth audit of the operations in China and in other countries in the Asia-Pacific Region
and to make recommendations for improvement to the internal control systems.  Reviewing third party distributor arrangements in an effort to assure that all contracts include adherence to the FCPA.  Performing due diligence on all third party distributors and implementing a process to assess potential new distributors.  Established an in-house internal audit function including hiring a Director of Internal Audit.  Consolidating the human resources, financial accounting and reporting functions for the Asia region into the Singapore Operations.  Implemented an internal certification process to ascertain whether similar issues may exist elsewhere in the Company.  Implemented a quarterly internal certification process to confirm adherence to company policy and all applicable laws and regulations that will include all regional
leadership, country management and other sales management.  Implementing additional training on FCPA and other matters for employees and a confidential compliance reporting system. During the Companys internal investigation of its business practices in China, it became aware that income taxes related to certain commissions and
bonus payments to its employees had not been properly reported. The Company has filed the appropriate payroll tax returns and remitted the deficiency. Other than the litigation mentioned above, the Company is not involved in any other legal proceedings other than routine litigation arising in the normal course of business. The Company does not believe the results of
such litigation, even if the outcome were unfavorable to the Company, would have a material adverse effect on the Companys business, financial condition or results of operations. 
56 Table of Contents 16.
STOCK COMPENSATION PLANS The Company has four
stock option plans that provide for the granting of stock options to key employees and non-employee members of the Board of Directors. The 1993 Stock Option Plan 1993 Plan and the 1997 Employee Stock Option Plan 1997 Plan provide for granting
incentive stock options and nonqualified stock options to officers and key employees of the Company. The 1997 Non-employee Director Plan provides for granting nonqualified stock options and formula options to non-employee directors. The 2004 Equity
Incentive Plan 2004 Plan provides for granting options or stock appreciation rights to employees and non-employee directors. The Company
is authorized to grant options for up to 703,100 shares of common stock under the 1993 Plan, of which there are none outstanding. The Company is also authorized to grant options for up to 1,400,000 shares of common stock under the 1997 Plan, of
which 308,257 options are currently outstanding at exercise prices between $150 and $2740. These options vest over a 3-year period. The Company is also authorized to grant up to 250,000 shares of common stock under the 1997 Non-employee Director
Plan of which 80,000 options are currently outstanding at exercise prices between $161 and $2156. Each non-employee director is granted 3,400 options upon election to the Board of Directors and then annually upon attending the annual meeting of
shareholders formula options. Formula options granted to directors are generally granted upon the same terms and conditions as options granted to officers and employees. These options vest over a 3-year period. The Company is also authorized to
grant options for up to 1,750,000 shares of common stock under the 2004 Plan, of which 670,183 options are currently outstanding at exercise prices between $1406 to $3145, and 26,163 restricted stock units are outstanding at a stock price of
$1949. These options and restricted stock units vest over a 3-year period. The restricted stock unit grants have a performance-based annual vesting on the anniversary date over their respective terms. The Company records compensation cost
associated with its restricted stock unit grants on a straight-line basis over the vesting term. In addition to the four stock option
plans, the Company has the 1997 Non-Employee Directors Fee Plan 1997 Fee Plan under which the Company is authorized to issue up to 250,000 shares of Common Stock and permits non-employee directors to elect to receive directors fees in the
form of common stock rather than cash. Common stock issued in lieu of cash directors fees is issued at the end of the quarter in which the fees are earned, with the number of shares being based on the fair market value of the common stock for
the five trading days immediately preceding the last business day of the quarter. The 1997 Fee Plan also permits non-employee directors to irrevocably elect to defer receipt of all or any portion of the shares of common stock which would otherwise
be payable. As of December31, 2005 and 2004 there were 11,090 and 35,941 shares, respectively, which were accrued but not yet issued in connection with directors elections. These shares were issued as of December31, 2006.
In the fourth quarter of 2001, the Company cancelled approximately 548,000 out of the money options, including approximately
440,000 options issued under the 1997 Plan and approximately 108,000 options issued under the 1997 Non-employee Director Plan. As a result, 62,806 options granted in 2001, under the 1997 Plan and to holders of some of the options cancelled, were
subjected to variable accounting treatment. Under FIN 44, stock options issued within six months of a cancellation must be accounted for as variable under certain circumstances. Variable accounting requires companies to re-measure compensation costs
for the variable options based on the Companys share price until the options are exercised, cancelled or forfeited without replacement. Compensation is dependent on fluctuations in the quoted market prices for the Companys common stock.
Such compensation costs will be recognized over a three-year vesting schedule until the options are fully vested, exercised, cancelled or forfeited, after which time the compensation will be recognized immediately at each reporting period. With the
adoption of FAS 123R in January of 2006, FIN 44 was superseded and the Company is no longer required to account for these options under variable accounting. In the fourth quarter of 2005, the Company accelerated the vesting for substantially all of its outstanding options, and has recorded minimal expenses for its remaining unvested stock options during 2006. The pre-tax
57 Table of Contents
charge estimated by the Company to be avoided as a result of the acceleration amounts to approximately $77 million over the course of the original vesting
periods. The fair value for any future grants will be included in expense over the vesting periods. Compensation income costs charged to
operations associated with the Companys stock option plans were $210, $150, and $277 in 2006, 2005, and 2004, respectively. The changes in stock option associated compensation cost were due to the vesting of options combined with market
price fluctuations in the Companys common stock under variable accounting and the accrual of expenses relating to the issuance of restricted stock. A summary of stock option activity and weighted average exercise prices follows:  Years Ended December31 2006
2005
2004 Options Weighted-AverageExercisePrice
Options Weighted-AverageExercisePrice
Options Weighted-AverageExercisePrice
Outstanding at beginning of year 1,340,034 1672 1,215,240 1369 978,952 242
Granted 14,000 1406 314,123 2275 750,730 2086
Forfeited 234,196 2204 51,830 2006 28,930 806
Exercised 61,398 757 137,499 247 485,512 241 Outstanding at end of year 1,058,440 1604 1,340,034 1672 1,215,240 1369 Outstanding exercisable at year-end 1,044,440 1606 1,329,366 1682 339,465 640
Weighted-average fair value of options granted during the year 732 1103 1367 A summary of stock options outstanding and exercisable as of December31, 2006 follows:
Exercise Price
OptionsOutstanding
Lifeyears
AverageExercisePrice
OptionsExercisable
AverageExercisePrice
Up to $150
14,476
484 150
14,476 150
$151-$300
255,546
505 222
255,546 222
$301-$1000
24,000
467 416
24,000 416
$1001-$2000
407,444
772 1907
393,444 1924
Over $2000
356,974
760 2386
356,974 2386 1,058,440
692 1604
1,044,440 1606 Remaining non-exercisable options as of December31, 2006 become exercisable as follows:
Years ending December31 Amount
2007
4,667
2008
4,667
2009
4,666 14,000 
58 Table of Contents
A table illustrating the effect on net income and net income per share as if the fair value method
prescribed by FAS 123 Rhad been applied is presented in Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. The Company used the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to determine the fair value of grants made using the following assumptions:
YearEndedDecember31,2006 Risk-free interest rate
500 Expected dividend yield
0 Expected option life
4years Stock price volatility
632  17.
EARNINGS PER SHARE A reconciliation of the number
of common shares used in the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share EPS is presented below:  Years Ended December 31, 2006 December 31, 2005 December 31, 2004 Shares
Per-ShareAmount Shares
Per-ShareAmount Shares
Per-ShareAmount Basic EPS
14,397,050 057 14,169,140 058 13,833,590 108 Effect of dilutive securities
163,281 001 273,108 001 189,569 002 Diluted EPS
14,560,331 056 14,442,248 057 14,023,159 106 The effect of 745,841, 237,419, and 0 dilutive securities were not included for 2006, 2005 and
2004, as they were antidilutive.  18.
EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLAN The Company
maintains a 401k defined contribution retirement plan for its U.S. employees, which provides benefits for all employees meeting certain age and service requirements. The Company may make a discretionary contribution each plan year, as determined
by its Board of Directors. Discretionary contributions or employer matches can be made to the participants account but cannot exceed 100% of compensation. Costs charged to operations in connection with the Plan during 2006, 2005, and 2004
aggregated $247, $201, and $172, respectively. 
59 Table of Contents 19.
SEGMENT REPORTING The Company has three reportable
segments based upon geographic regions: Americas, Europe/Africa and Asia Pacific. The company develops, manufactures, markets, supports and sells CAD-based quality assurance products integrated with CAD-based inspection and statistical process
control software in each of these regions. These activities represent approximately 99% of consolidated sales. The Company evaluates performance and allocates resources based upon profitable growth and assets deployed. The following table presents information about the Companys reportable segments:  2006 2005 2004 Americas Region Net sales to external customers 62,967 55,884 41,680 Operating income 6,191 6,640 3,810 Long-lived assets 12,278 12,825 12,661 Capital expenditures 1,684 1,251 1,505 Total assets 69,607 68,304 68,090 Europe/Africa Region Net sales to external customers 60,869 44,940 43,111 Operating income 8,130 8,322 13,693 Long-lived assets 16,397 12,461 2,493 Capital expenditures 1,333 1,931 813 Total assets 55,041 39,112 30,527 Asia Pacific Region Net sales to external customers 28,569 24,766 12,229 Operating income 6,320 8,544 4,701 Long-lived assets 1,657 1,746 505 Capital expenditures 1,038 1,583 358 Total assets 19,628 15,232 6,461 Totals Net sales to external customers 152,405 125,590 97,020 Operating income 8,259 10,226 14,584 Long-lived assets 30,332 27,033 15,659 Capital expenditures 4,055 4,765 2,676 Total assets 144,276 122,648 105,078
The geographical sales information presented above represents sales to customers located in each
respective region whereas the long-lived assets information represents assets held in the respective regions. There were no customers that accounted for 10% or more of total revenue. 
60 Table of Contents 20.
QUARTERLY RESULTS OF OPERATIONS UNAUDITED During
the fourth quarter of 2006, the Company identified certain shipments to customers containing the freight term FOB Destination as exceptions to the standard terms and conditions of sale that had been included in sales when shipped and not when
delivered. Also during the fourth quarter, the Company noted that freight and duty was not included in the cost of inventory at certain international locations but was improperly expensed as incurred. The Company recorded an adjustment to decrease sales and cost of sales of $14 million and $07 million, respectively, resulting in a decrease in pre-tax
income of $07 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2006. The pre-tax effect of these items was not material to any previous quarters.  Quarter ended
April1,2006
July1,2006
September30,2006
December31,2006
Sales 32,056 38,042 38,365 43,942
Gross profit 18,835 22,562 22,244 25,817
Net income 496 853 3,189 3,658
Net income per share Basic 003 006 022 025
Diluted 003 006 022 025 Quarter ended
April 2,2005
July 2,2005
October 1,2005
December 31,2005
Sales 27,617 30,895 32,598 34,480
Gross profit 17,343 18,390 17,685 19,514
Net income 3,469 1,912 2,615 183
Net income per share Basic 025 013 018 001
Diluted 024 013 018 001
61 Table of Contents Item 1.
Business
2
Item 1A.
Risk Factors
9
Item 1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments
15
Item 2.
Properties
15
Item 3.
Legal Proceedings
16
Item 4.
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures The Companys management, under the supervision and with the
participation of its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Companys disclosure controls and procedures as defined under Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended the Exchange Act Rule 13a-15e as of the end of the period covered by this report. As discussed below, the Company identified the following material weakness in its internal control over financial reporting the
Companys review controls did not effectively identify invoices containing delivery terms of FOB Destination which were not delivered to the customer by December 31, 2006. Solely as a result of this material weakness, management has concluded
that the Companys disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2006. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting The internal control over financial reporting changes with respect to the FOB Destination material weakness described
below were the only changes in the Companys internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December31, 2006 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Companys internal
control over financial reporting. Managements Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, together with other members of management of FARO Technologies Inc., are responsible for
establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is the process
designed under our supervision, and effected by our Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. There are inherent limitations in
the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, including the possibility that misstatements may not be prevented or detected. Accordingly, an effective control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only
reasonable assurance of achieving the designed control objectives, and management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Because of the inherent limitations in all control
systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can
be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management over ride of the control. The design
of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Because
of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
62 Table of Contents
During the year end closing process, the external auditors identified invoices containing delivery terms
of FOB Destination which were not delivered to the customer by December31, 2006. The Companys terms and conditions of sale generally specify FOB Origin. There are two review controls intended to ensure all customer purchase orders
conform to Company policies. These controls failed to operate effectively in identifying the delivery terms containing FOB Destination. Management has evaluated the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2006, in relation to criteria described in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations Commission of the Treadway Commission COSO. Based upon this evaluation, management has concluded that certain deficiencies exist in the design and operation of internal controls related to financial reporting, which represent a
material weakness in internal control over financial reporting. As a result of these findings, management has undertaken the following
actions to address the control deficiencies:  Implemented additional training programs for the personnel responsible for reviewing customer purchase orders for compliance with Company policies.
Modified the Companys internal sales order software to identify those sales orders containing the delivery terms of FOB Destination in order to record the
shipment in the correct period.  Implemented additional month end closing and review procedures to confirm delivery dates for all FOB shipments. Grant Thornton LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, has issued their report on managements assessment of internal control over
financial reporting. 
63 Table of Contents
PART III Certain information required by Part III is omitted from this Report in that the Registrant will
file a definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A the Proxy Statement not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Report and certain information included therein is incorporated herein by reference. Only
those sections of the Proxy Statement that specifically address the Items set forth herein are incorporated by reference. Such incorporation does not include the Compensation Committee Report or the Performance Graph included in the Proxy Statement.
