ITEM8.FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA  We make reference here to the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements that appears on page F-1 of this report. The Report of Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm from Deloitte Touche LLP, the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements, which appear beginning on page F-2 of this
report, are incorporated by reference into this Item 8. 
56 Table of Contents Item1. Business
1
Item2. Properties
24
Item3. Legal Proceedings
26
Item4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
27 
PARTII  Item5.CONTROLS
AND PROCEDURES  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  As of June 30, 2005, the end of the period covered by this report, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, reviewed and evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15e and 15d-15e. Such disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that material information we must disclose in this report is recorded, processed, summarized and filed
or submitted on a timely basis. Based upon that evaluation, two material weaknesses were identified each described below, and, as a result, our management, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures were not effective as of June 30, 2005.  Managements
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting  We
are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal controls over financial reporting. Our internal controls over financial reporting include the policies and procedures that pertain to a the maintenance of records that, in
reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; b the recording of transactions as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; c the making of receipts and expenditures only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and d the prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of assets that could have a
material effect on the financial statements. We recognize that because of inherent limitations, internal controls over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Accordingly, internal controls over financial reporting cannot
provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives.  As of June 30, 2005, our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. This evaluation was based on the
framework in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The evaluation included an assessment of the design of our internal controls over financial
reporting and testing of the operational effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. Our management, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer reviewed the results of their evaluation with the Audit Committee of our
Board of Directors and determined that as of June 30, 2005, there were two material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting. As defined by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board Auditing Standard No. 2, a material
weakness is a significant control deficiency or a combination of significant control deficiencies that results in there being more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be
prevented or detected. In light of these two material weaknesses, our management, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of June 30, 2005, we did not maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting.
Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm that audited the financial statements included in this Annual Report, has issued its attestation report on our managements assessment of our internal controls over
financial reporting, which appears on page 59 to this report.  The two material weaknesses identified as of June 30, 2005 were as follows:  1 We identified certain computational errors in our annual income tax provision and related income tax receivable and payable, deferred
tax assets and deferred tax liabilities for fiscal year 2005. These errors 
57 Table of Contents
resulted from a deficiency in the operation of controls requiring the reconciliation of the components of our income tax provision to appropriate supporting
documentation. Given the significance of the tax account balances and the absence of sufficient mitigating controls, these deficiencies represent a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting.  2 We identified certain transactions recorded as revenue by
one of our Canadian subsidiaries in the quarter ended June 30, 2005 did not meet the criteria for revenue recognition in such period. These errors resulted from a deficiency in the operation of controls requiring the supervisory review of year-end
revenue transactions to ensure proper cut-off at year end. The errors associated with these transactions totaled approximately $14 million.  Deepak Chopra Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer Principal Executive Officer  Anuj Wadhawan Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial and Accounting Officer  September 28, 2005  Changes in Internal
Control over Financial Reporting  No significant changes
in our internal controls over financial reporting as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15f and 15d-15f occurred during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting.  Subsequent to June 30, 2005, our management and the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors have initiated remedial measures to address the internal control deficiencies identified in this Item 9A. We believe that
our planned corrective actions will remediate the internal control deficiencies identified in this report. We will continue to monitor the effectiveness of these actions and will make any other changes or take such other actions as management
determines to be appropriate. 
58 Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of OSI Systems, Inc.: Hawthorne, California  We have audited managements assessment, included in the accompanying Managements Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, that OSI
Systems, Inc. and subsidiaries, the Company did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2005, because of the effect of the material weaknesses identified in managements assessment based on
criteria established in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The Companys management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over
financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on managements assessment and an opinion on the effectiveness of the Companys
internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.  We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective
internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, evaluating managements assessment, testing and evaluating the design
and operating effectiveness of internal control, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinions.  A companys internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed by, or under the supervision of, the companys principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the companys board of directors, management, and other personnel to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A companys internal control over
financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that 1 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 2 provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in
accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 3 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the companys assets that could have a
material effect on the financial statements.  Because of the
inherent limitations of internal control over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.
Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  A
material weakness is a significant deficiency, or combination of significant deficiencies, that results in more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected.
The following material weaknesses have been identified and included in managements assessment: 1 Certain errors, which were material, were identified in the Companys income tax provision calculation. These errors resulted from a
deficiency in the operation of controls requiring the reconciliation of the components of the Companys income tax provision to appropriate supporting documentation. This deficiency results in a more than remote likelihood that a material
misstatement to the Companys income tax provision and the related income tax receivable and payable, deferred income tax asset, and deferred income tax liability accounts in the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or
detected. 2 Certain errors, which 
59 Table of Contents
were material, were identified in connection with the Companys recognition of revenue at its Canadian subsidiary at year end. These errors resulted
from a deficiency in the operation of controls requiring the supervisory review of year-end revenue transactions to ensure proper cut-off at year end. This deficiency results in a more than remote likelihood that a material misstatement to the
Companys revenue, cost of sales, accounts receivable and inventory accounts in the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected. These material weaknesses were considered in determining the nature, timing, and
extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule as of and for the year ended June 30, 2005, of the Company and this report does not affect our report on such financial statements
and financial statement schedule.  In our opinion,
managements assessment that the Company did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2005, is fairly stated, in all material respects, based on the criteria established in Internal
ControlIntegrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Also in our opinion, because of the effect of the material weaknesses described above on the achievement of the objectives of the
control criteria, the Company has not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2005, based on the criteria established in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission.  We have also
audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule as of and for the year ended June 30, 2005, of the Company and our
report dated September 28, 2005 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements and financial statement schedule.  DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP  Los Angeles, California September 28, 2005  Item1. Business
1
Item2. Properties
24
Item3. Legal Proceedings
26
Item4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
27 
PARTII  Item5.DIRECTORS
AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT  The information called for by this item is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement relating to the 2005 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders, which Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about October 27, 2005.  