Item 8. Financial Statements And Supplementary Data  DVDs consolidated financial statements and the Report of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm included in this report are shown on the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements on page 29.  Item 4. Submission Of Matters To A Vote Of Security Holders 
No matters were submitted during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year covered by this report to a vote of security holders.  Part II  Item 5. Controls and Procedures  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  We have established disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that material information relating to the Company,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to the officers who certify the Companys financial reports and to other members of senior management and the Board of Directors.  Based on their evaluation as of December 31, 2004, the Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company have concluded that the Companys disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15e and 15d-15e under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are effective to ensure that the
information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms.
Managements Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Our management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15f. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation under the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2004. Our
managements assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2004 has been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included
herein.  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
The Board of Directors and Stockholders Dover Motorsports, Inc.:  We have audited managements assessment, included in the accompanying Managements Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting,
that Dover Motorsports, Inc. the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2004, based on criteria established in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO. The Companys management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over
financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on managements assessment and an opinion on the effectiveness of the Companys internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 
21  We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting, evaluating managements assessment, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary
in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.  A companys internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A companys internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that 1 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 2 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 3 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention
or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the companys assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  In our opinion, managements assessment that Dover Motorsports, Inc.
maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2004, is fairly stated, in all material respects, based on criteria established in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO. Also, in our opinion, Dover Motorsports, Inc. maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2004, based on criteria
established in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO.  We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the consolidated balance sheets
of Dover Motorsports, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2004 and 2003, and the related consolidated statements of earnings and comprehensive earnings and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2004, and
our report dated March 8, 2005 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements.  KPMG LLP  Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania March 8, 2005  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2004 that have materially affected, or
that are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal controls over financial reporting.  Item 9B. Other Information  None. 
22  Part III 
