ITEM8.FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATAABERCROMBIE FITCH CO.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOMEThousands, except share and per share amounts201320122011NET  of Goods   and Distribution  General and Administrative  Charges81,500Asset  Operating Expense Income,   Expense, Net7,5467,2883,577INCOME FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS BEFORE TAXES73,277366,945217,807Tax Expense from Continuing  INCOME FROM CONTINUING  FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS, Net of Tax 796NET  INCOME PER SHARE FROM CONTINUING  INCOME PER SHARE FROM DISCONTINUED  INCOME PER  SHARES  DECLARED PER SHARE$080$070$070OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME LOSSForeign Currency Translation  on Marketable Securities, net of taxes of $5,526 for Fiscal 20119,409Unrealized Gain Loss on Derivative Financial Instruments, net of taxes 5,05419,15212,217Other Comprehensive Income   accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements49Table of ContentsABERCROMBIE FITCH CO.CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETSThousands, except par value amountsFebruary1, 2014February2, 2013ASSETSCURRENT ASSETS:Cash and  Income Taxes21,83532,558Other Current Assets100,458105,177TOTAL CURRENT  AND EQUIPMENT, NET1,131,3411,308,232OTHER ASSETS399,090371,345TOTAL  AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITYCURRENT LIABILITIES:Accounts   Lease Credits36,16539,054Income Taxes  Portion of Borrowings15,000TOTAL CURRENT  LIABILITIES:Deferred Lease  Portion of Borrowings120,000Leasehold Financing Obligations60,72663,942Other  LONG-TERM  EQUITY:ClassA Common Stock $001 par value: 150,000 shares authorized and 103,300 shares issued at each of February1, 2014 and February2, 20131,0331,033Paid-In Capital433,620403,271Retained  Other Comprehensive Loss, net of tax20,91713,288Treasury Stock, at Average Cost 26,898 and 24,855 shares at February1, 2014 and February2, 2013,  STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY1,729,4931,818,268TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY$2,850,997$2,987,401The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements50Table of ContentsABERCROMBIE FITCH CO.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITYThousands, except per share amountsCommon  IncomeTreasury  January29,  of Common  Compensation Issuances and  Effect of Share-Based Compensation Issuances and  Compensation Expense51,09351,093Losses on Marketable Securities reclassed to the Income Statement9,4099,409Net Change in Unrealized Gains or Losses on Derivative Financial  Currency Translation  January28,  Income237,011237,011Purchase of Common  $070 per  Compensation Issuances and  Effect of Share-Based Compensation Issuances and  Compensation Expense52,92252,922Net Change in Unrealized Gains or Losses on Derivative Financial  Currency Translation Adjustments427427Balance, February2,  Income54,62854,628Purchase of Common  $080 per  Compensation Issuances and  Effect of Share-Based Compensation Issuances and  Compensation Expense53,51653,516Net Change in Unrealized Gains or Losses on Derivative Financial Instruments5,0545,054Foreign Currency Translation  February1,  accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements51Table of ContentsABERCROMBIE FITCH CO.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH  ACTIVITIES:Net  of Other Operating Activities on Cash Flows:Depreciation and  Charge for Asset  on Disposal / Write-off of  Construction  of Deferred Lease    Rate Securities Gain Loss2,45413,442Changes in Assets and  Payable and Accrued  Taxes55,45635,9642,906Other   CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING  ACTIVITIES:Capital  from Sales of Marketable Securities101,9632,650Other  CASH USED FOR INVESTING  ACTIVITIES:Proceeds from Share-Based  Tax Benefit from Share-Based  from  of  of Common   in Outstanding Checks and Other7954,64614,117NET CASH USED FOR FINANCING  OF EXCHANGE RATES ON CASH4,1903,1482,059NET INCREASE DECREASE IN CASH AND  and Equivalents, Beginning of  AND EQUIVALENTS, END OF  NON-CASH INVESTING ACTIVITIES:Change in Accrual for Construction in  accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements52Table of ContentsABERCROMBIE FITCH CO.NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS1.BASIS OF PRESENTATIONAbercrombie Fitch Co. AF, through its wholly-owned subsidiaries collectively, AF and its wholly-owned subsidiaries are referred to as Abercrombie Fitch or the Company, is a specialty retailer of high-quality, casual apparel for men, women and kids with an active, youthful lifestyle.The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the historical financial statements of, and transactions applicable to, the Company and reflect its assets, liabilities, results of operations and cash flows. The fifty-two week period ended February1, 2014included a reduction of pre-tax expense of $26 millionand $09 millionin unrelated tax expense for the correction of errors related to prior periods. The effect of these corrections decreased net income by $01 millionfor the 52-week period ended February1, 2014. The Company does not believe these corrections were material to any current or prior interim or annual periods that were affected.FISCAL YEARThe Companys fiscal year ends on the Saturday closest to January31, typically resulting in a 52-week year, but occasionally giving rise to an additional week, resulting in a 53-week year as was the case for Fiscal 2012. Fiscal years are designated in the consolidated financial statements and notes by the calendar year in which the fiscal year commences. All references herein to Fiscal 2013 represent the 52-week fiscal year ended February1, 2014; to Fiscal 2012 represent the 53-week fiscal year ended February2, 2013; and to Fiscal 2011 represent the 52-week fiscal year ended January28, 2012. In addition, all references herein to Fiscal 2014 represent the 52-week fiscal year that will end on January31, 2015.RECLASSIFICATIONSCertain prior period amounts have been reclassified or adjusted to conform to the current year presentation2.SEGMENT REPORTINGThe Company determines its segments on the same basis that it uses to allocate resources and assess performance. All of the Companys segments sell a similar group of productscasual sportswear apparel, personal care products and accessories for men, women and kids and bras, underwear and sleepwear for girls. The Company has threereportable segments: U.S. Stores, International Stores, and Direct-to-Consumer. Corporate functions, interest income and expense, and other income and expense are evaluated on a consolidated basis and are not allocated to the Companys segments, and therefore are included in Other.The U.S. Stores reportable segment includes the results of store operations in the United States and Puerto Rico. The International Stores reportable segment includes the results of store operations in Canada, Europe, and Asia. Asia includes the Middle East and Australia. The Direct-to-Consumer reportable segment includes the results of operations directly associated with on-line operations, both U.S. and international.Operating income is the primary measure of profit the Company uses to make decisions regarding the allocation of resources to its segments. For the U.S. Stores and International Stores reportable segments, operating income is defined as aggregate income directly attributable to individual stores on a four-wall basis plus sell-off of excess merchandise to authorized third-party resellers. Four-wall operating income includes: net sales, cost of merchandise, selling payroll and related costs, rent, utilities, depreciation, repairs and maintenance, supplies and packaging and other store sales-related expenses including credit card and bank fees and indirect taxes. Operating income also reflects pre-opening charges related to stores not yet in operation. For the Direct-to-Consumer reportable segment, operating income is defined as aggregate income attributable to the direct-to-consumer business: net sales, shipping and handling revenue, call center costs, fulfillment and shipping expense, charge card fees and direct-to-consumer operations management and support expenses. The U.S. Stores, International Stores and Direct-to-Consumer reportable segments exclude marketing, general and administrative expense, store management and support functions such as regional and district management and other functions not dedicated to an individual store, as well as distribution center costs. All costs excluded from the three reportable segments are included in Other53Table of ContentsABERCROMBIE FITCH CO.NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedReportable segment assets include those used directly in or resulting from the operations of each reportable segment. Total assets for the U.S. Stores and International Stores reportable segments primarily consist of store cash, credit card receivables, prepaid rent, store packaging and supplies, lease deposits, merchandise inventory, leasehold acquisition costs, restricted cash and the net book value of store long-lived assets. Total assets for the International Stores reportable segment also include VAT receivables. Total assets for the Direct-to-Consumer reportable segment primarily consist of credit card receivables, merchandise inventory, and the net book value of long-lived assets. Total assets for Other include cash, investments, distribution center inventory, the net book value of home office and distribution center long-lived assets, foreign currency hedge assets and tax-related assets. Reportable segment capital expenditures are direct purchases of property and equipment for that segment.The following table provides the Companys segment information as of, and for the fiscal years ended February 1, 2014,February 2, 2013and January 28, 2012. U.S.  thousands:February 1, 2014Net  and   2, 2013Net  and   28, 2012Net  and   corporate functions such as Design, Merchandising, Sourcing, Planning, Allocation, Store Management and Support, Marketing, Distribution Center Operations, Information Technology, Real Estate, Finance, Legal, Human Resources and other corporate overhead. Operating Income includes: marketing, general and administrative expense; store management and support functions such as regional and district management and other functions not dedicated to an individual store; as well as distribution center costs2Includes charges for store-related asset impairment, charges related to restructuring plans for the Gilly Hicks brand and charges related to the Company profit improvement initiative of $949 millionfor U.S. Stores, $333 millionfor International Stores and $138 millionfor Other3Includes charges for asset impairments of $74 millionfor U.S. Stores4Includes charges for asset impairments, write-down of store-related long-lived assets and store closure charges of $521 millionfor U.S. Stores and $159 millionfor International Stores54Table of ContentsABERCROMBIE FITCH CO.NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedNet Sales:Net sales includes net merchandise sales through stores and direct-to-consumer operations, including shipping and handling revenue. Net sales are reported by geographic area based on the location of the customer.Brand InformationFinancial information relating to the Companys operations by brand is as follows:Fiscal 2013Fiscal 2012Fiscal 2011in thousands:Abercrombie   InformationFinancial information relating to the Companys operations by geographic area is as follows:Fiscal 2013Fiscal 2012Fiscal 2011in thousands:United   Assets:February 1, 2014February 2, 2013in thousands:United   assets included in the table above include primarily property and equipment net, store supplies and lease deposits3.SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIESPRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATIONThe consolidated financial statements include the accounts of AF and its subsidiaries. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.CASH AND EQUIVALENTSSee Note 5, CASH AND EQUIVALENTS.RABBI TRUST ASSETSSee Note 6, RABBI TRUST ASSETS55Table of ContentsABERCROMBIE FITCH CO.NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  primarily include credit card receivables, construction allowances, value added tax VAT receivables and other tax credits or refunds.As part of the normal course of business, the Company has approximately three to four days of sales transactions outstanding with its third-party credit card vendors at any point. The Company classifies these outstanding balances as credit card receivables. Construction allowances are recorded for certain store lease agreements for improvements completed by the Company. VAT receivables are payments the Company has made on purchases of goods that will be recovered as those goods are sold.INVENTORIESInventories are principally valued at the lower of cost or market on a weighted-average cost basis. The Company writes down inventory through a lower of cost or market adjustment, the impact of which is reflected in cost of goods sold in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. This adjustment is based on management judgment regarding future demand and market conditions and analysis of historical experience. The lower of cost or market reserve for inventory as of February1, 2014,February2, 2013and January28, 2012was $221 million, $99 millionand $130 million, respectively.Additionally, as part of inventory valuation, inventory shrinkage estimates based on historical trends from actual physical inventories are made each period that reduce the inventory value for lost or stolen items. The Company performs physical inventories on a periodic basis and adjusts the shrink reserve accordingly. The shrink reserve was $136 million, $118 millionand $103 millionat February1, 2014,February2, 2013and January28, 2012, respectively.Ending inventory balances were $5302 million, $4270 millionand $6799 millionat February1, 2014,February2, 2013and January28, 2012, respectively. These balances included inventory in transit balances of $764 million, $348 millionand $1031 millionat February1, 2014,February2, 2013and January28, 2012, respectively. Inventory in transit is considered to be merchandise owned by Abercrombie Fitch that has not yet been received at an Abercrombie Fitch distribution center.OTHER CURRENT ASSETSOther current assets include prepaid rent, current store supplies, derivative contracts and other prepaids.PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENTDepreciation and amortization of property and equipment are computed for financial reporting purposes on a straight-line basis, using service lives which are principally: 30 yearsfor buildings; from threeto 15 yearsfor leasehold improvements and furniture and fixtures; from threeto seven yearsfor information technology; and from threeto 20 yearsfor other property and equipment; or the applicable lease term, whichever is shorter. The cost of assets sold or retired and the related accumulated depreciation or amortization are removed from the accounts with any resulting gain or loss included in net income. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Major remodels and improvements that extend the service lives of the related assets are capitalized.Long-lived assets, primarily comprised of property and equipment, are reviewed whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amount may not be recoverable. The primary triggering events are 1when the Company believes that it is more likely than not that long-lived assets will be disposed of before the end of their previously estimated useful life e.g., store closures before the end of a lease and 2if the Companys performance in any quarter indicates that there has been a long-term and significant change in the economics of the business. The Company reviews long-lived assets for impairments in the quarter in which a triggering event occurs.In addition, the Company conducts an annual impairment analysis in the fourth quarter of each year. For the purposes of the annual review, the Company reviews long-lived assets associated with stores that have an operating loss in the current year and have been open for at least two full years.The reviews are conducted at the individual store level, which is the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other groups of assets and liabilities56Table of ContentsABERCROMBIE FITCH CO.NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedThe impairment evaluation is performed as a two-step test. First, the Company utilizes an undiscounted future cash flow model to test the individual asset groups for recoverability. If the net carrying value of the asset group exceeds the undiscounted cash flows, the Company proceeds to step two. Under step two, an impairment loss is recognized for the excess of net book value over the fair value of the assets. Factors used in the evaluation include, but are not limited to, managements plans for future operations, recent operating results and projected cash flows. See Note 8, PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET, for further discussion.The Company expenses all internal-use software costs incurred in the preliminary project stage and capitalizes certain direct costs associated with the development and purchase of internal-use software within property and equipment. Capitalized costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the software, generally not exceeding sevenyears.INCOME TAXESIncome taxes are calculated using the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on the difference between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using current enacted tax rates in effect for the years in which those temporary differences are expected to reverse. Inherent in the measurement of deferred balances are certain judgments and interpretations of enacted tax law and published guidance with respect to their applicability to the Companys operations. A valuation allowance is established against deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Currently, there is an insignificant valuation allowance provided for foreign net operating losses.The Company records tax expense or benefit that does not relate to ordinary income in the current fiscal year discretely in the period in which it occurs. Examples of such types of discrete items include, but are not limited to: changes in estimates of the outcome of tax matters related to prior years, provision-to-return adjustments, tax-exempt income, and the settlement of tax audits.See Note 14, INCOME TAXES, for a discussion regarding the Companys policies for uncertain tax positions.FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION AND TRANSACTIONSThe majority of the Companys international operations use local currencies as the functional currency. Assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. Dollars the reporting currency at the exchange rate prevailing at the balance sheet date. Equity accounts denominated in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. Dollars at historical exchange rates. Revenues and expenses denominated in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. Dollars at the monthly average exchange rate for the period. Gains and losses resulting from foreign currency transactions are included in the results of operations; whereas, translation adjustments and inter-company loans of a long-term investment nature are reported as an element of Other Comprehensive Income Loss. Foreign currency transactions resulted in a gainof $29 million, $33 millionand $13 millionfor Fiscal 2013, Fiscal 2012 and Fiscal 2011, respectively.DERIVATIVESSee Note 17, DERIVATIVES.CONTINGENCIESIn the normal course of business, the Company must make estimates of potential future legal obligations and liabilities, which requires the use of managements judgment on the outcome of various issues. Management may also use outside legal advice to assist in the estimation process. However, the ultimate outcome of various legal issues could be different than management estimates, and adjustments may be required. See Note 21, CONTINGENCIES, for further discussion.STOCKHOLDERS EQUITYAt February1, 2014and February2, 2013, there were 1500 millionshares of AFs ClassA Common Stock, $001par value, authorized, of which 764 millionand 784 millionshares were outstanding at February1, 2014and February2, 2013, respectively, and 1064 millionshares of Class B Common Stock, $001par value, authorized, noneof which were outstanding at February1, 2014and February2, 2013.Holders of ClassA Common Stock generally have identical rights to holders of Class B Common Stock, except holders of ClassA Common Stock are entitled to onevote per share while holders of Class B Common Stock are entitled to threevotes per share on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders57Table of ContentsABERCROMBIE FITCH CO.NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedREVENUE RECOGNITIONThe Company recognizes store sales at the time the customer takes possession of the merchandise. Direct-to-consumer sales are recorded based on an estimated date for customer receipt of merchandise, which is based on shipping terms and historical delivery transit times. Amounts relating to shipping and handling billed to customers in a sale transaction are classified as revenue and the related direct shipping and handling costs are classified as Stores and Distribution Expense. Associate discounts are classified as a reduction of net sales. The Company reserves for sales returns through estimates based on historical experience. The sales return reserve was $80 million, $93 millionand $70 millionat February1, 2014,February2, 2013and January28, 2012, respectively.The Company sells gift cards in its stores and through direct-to-consumer operations. The Company accounts for gift cards sold to customers by recognizing a liability at the time of sale. Gift cards sold to customers do not expire or lose value over periods of inactivity. The liability remains on the Companys books until the Company recognizes income from gift cards. Income from gift cards is recognized at the earlier of redemption by the customer recognized as net sales or when the Company determines that the likelihood of redemption is remote, referred to as gift card breakage recognized as other operating income. The Company determines the probability of the gift card being redeemed to be remote based on historical redemption patterns. At February1, 2014and February2, 2013, the gift card liabilities on the Companys Consolidated Balance Sheets were $425 millionand $477 million, respectively.The Company is not required by law to escheat the value of unredeemed gift cards to the states in which it operates. During Fiscal 2013, Fiscal 2012and Fiscal 2011, the Company recognized other operating income for gift card breakage of $88 million, $69 millionand $72 million, respectively.The Company does not include tax amounts collected as part of the sales transaction in its net sales results.COST OF GOODS SOLDCost of goods sold is primarily comprised of: cost incurred to ready inventory for sale, including product costs, freight, and import cost, as well as changes in reserves for shrink and lower of cost or market reserves. Gains and losses associated with foreign currency exchange contracts related to hedging of inventory purchases are also recognized in cost of goods sold when the inventory being hedged is sold.STORES AND DISTRIBUTION EXPENSEStores and distribution expense includes store payroll, store management, rent, utilities and other landlord expenses, depreciation and amortization, repairs and maintenance and other store support functions, as well as Direct-to-Consumer expense and Distribution Center DC expense.Shipping and handling costs, including costs incurred to store, move and prepare products for shipment, and costs incurred to physically move the product to the customer, associated with direct-to-consumer operations were $934 million, $786 millionand $536 millionfor Fiscal 2013, Fiscal 2012and Fiscal 2011, respectively. Handling costs, including costs incurred to store, move and prepare the products for shipment to the stores were $539 million, $594 millionand $628 millionfor Fiscal 2013, Fiscal 2012and Fiscal 2011, respectively. These amounts are recorded in Stores and Distribution Expense in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. Costs incurred to physically move the product to the stores is recorded in Cost of Goods Sold in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.MARKETING, GENERAL ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSEMarketing, general and administrative expense includes: photography and social media; store marketing; home office compensation, except for those departments included in stores and distribution expense; information technology; outside services such as legal and consulting; relocation; recruiting; samples and travel expenses.RESTRUCTURING CHARGESRestructuring charges consist of exit costs and other costs associated with the reorganization of the Company operations, including employee termination costs, lease contract termination costs, impairment of assets, and any other qualifying exit costs. Costs associated with exit or disposal activities are recorded when the liability is incurred or when such costs are deemed probable and estimable and represent the Company best estimates. 58Table of ContentsABERCROMBIE FITCH CO.NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedOTHER OPERATING EXPENSE INCOME, NETOther operating expense income consists primarily of the following: income related to gift card balances whose likelihood of redemption has been determined to be remote; gains and losses on foreign currency transactions; business interruption insurance recoveries; and the Fiscal 2012 and Fiscal 2011 net impact of the change in valuation related to other-than-temporary impairments associated with auction rate securities ARS. WEBSITE AND ADVERTISING COSTSAdvertising costs are comprised of in-store photography, email distribution and other e-commerce direct advertising, and other media advertising. The production of in-store photography and signage are expensed when the marketing campaign commences as a component of Marketing, General and Administrative Expense on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. Website and other advertising costs related specifically to direct-to-consumer operations are expensed as incurred as a component of Stores and Distribution Expense on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. All other advertising costs are expensed as incurred as a component of Marketing, General and Administrative Expense on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. The Company recognized $444 million, $362 millionand $283 millionin advertising expense in Fiscal 2013, Fiscal 2012 and Fiscal 2011, respectively.LEASESThe Company leases property for its stores under operating leases. Lease agreements may contain construction allowances, rent escalation clauses and/or contingent rent provisions.For construction allowances, the Company records a deferred lease credit on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and amortizes the deferred lease credit as a reduction of rent expense on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income over the terms of the leases.For scheduled rent escalation clauses during the lease terms, the Company records minimum rental expense on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. The difference between the rent expense and the amount payable under the lease is included in Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The term of the lease over which the Company amortizes construction allowances and minimum rental expenses on a straight-line basis begins on the date of initial possession, which is generally when the Company enters the space and begins construction.Certain leases provide for contingent rents, which are determined as a percentage of gross sales. The Company records a contingent rent liability in Accrued Expenses on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, and the corresponding rent expense on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income when management determines that achieving the specified levels during the fiscal year is probable. In addition, most of the leases require payment of real estate taxes, insurance and certain common area maintenance costs in addition to the future minimum lease payments.In certain lease arrangements, the Company is involved with the construction of the building. If it is determined that the Company has substantially all of the risks of ownership during construction of the leased property and therefore is deemed to be the owner of the construction project, the Company records an asset for the amount of the total project costs and an amount related to the value attributed to the pre-existing leased building in Property and Equipment, Net and the related financing obligation in Leasehold Financing Obligations on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Once construction is complete, if it is determined that the asset does not qualify for sale-leaseback accounting treatment, the Company continues to amortize the obligation over the lease term and depreciates the asset over its useful life. The Company does not report rent expense for the portion of the rent payment determined to be related to the assets which are owned for accounting purposes. Rather, this portion of the rent payment under the lease is recognized as a reduction of the financing obligation and interest expense.STORE PRE-OPENING EXPENSESPre-opening expenses related to new store openings are charged to operations as incurred.DESIGN AND DEVELOPMENT COSTSCosts to design and develop the Companys merchandise are expensed as incurred and are reflected as a component of Marketing, General and Administrative Expense.NET INCOME PER SHARENet income per basic share is computed based on the weighted-average number of outstanding shares of ClassA Common Stock Common Stock. Net income per diluted share includes the weighted-average effect of dilutive stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units and performance share awards59Table of ContentsABERCROMBIE FITCH CO.NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedWeighted-Average Shares Outstanding and Anti-Dilutive Shares in thousands:201320122011Shares of Common Stock   basic  effect of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units and performance share  diluted  shares 14,6305,2282,4521Reflects the number of shares subject to outstanding stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units and performance share awards but excluded from the computation of net income per diluted share because the impact would be anti-dilutive.SHARE-BASED COMPENSATIONSee Note 4, SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION.USE OF ESTIMATES IN THE PREPARATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTSThe preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Since actual results may differ from those estimates, the Company revises its estimates and assumptions as new information becomes available4.SHARE-BASED COMPENSATIONFinancial Statement ImpactThe Company recognized share-based compensation expense of $535 million, $529 millionand $511 millionfor Fiscal 2013, Fiscal 2012and Fiscal 2011, respectively. The Company also recognized $203 million, $201 millionand $192 millionin tax benefits related to share-based compensation for Fiscal 2013, Fiscal 2012and Fiscal 2011, respectively.The fair value of share-based compensation awards is recognized as compensation expense primarily on a straight-line basis over the awards requisite service period, net of estimated forfeitures, with the exception of performance share awards. Performance share award expense is primarily recognized in the performance period of the awards' requisite service period. For awards that are expected to result in a tax deduction, a deferred tax asset is recorded in the period in which share-based compensation expense is recognized. A current tax deduction arises upon the vesting of restricted stock units and performance share awards or the exercise of stock options and stock appreciation rights and is principally measured at the awards intrinsic value. If the tax deduction is greater than the recorded deferred tax asset, the tax benefit associated with any excess deduction is considered a windfall tax benefit and is recognized as additional paid-in capital. If the tax deduction is less than the recorded deferred tax asset, the resulting difference, or shortfall, is first charged to additional paid in capital, to the extent of the pool of windfall tax benefits, with any remainder recognized as tax expense. The Companys pool of windfall tax benefits as of February1, 2014, is sufficient to fully absorb any shortfall which may develop associated with awards currently outstanding.The Company adjusts share-based compensation expense on a quarterly basis for actual forfeitures and for changes to the estimate of expected award forfeitures. The effect of adjusting the forfeiture rate is recognized in the period the forfeiture estimate is changed. The effect of adjustments for forfeitures was $23 million, $13 millionand $16 millionfor Fiscal 2013, Fiscal 2012and Fiscal 2011, respectively.AF issues shares of Common Stock from treasury stock upon exercise of stock options and stock appreciation rights and vesting of restricted stock units, including those converted from performance share awards. As of February1, 2014, AF had sufficient treasury stock available to settle stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units and performance share awards outstanding. Settlement of stock awards in Common Stock also requires that the Company has sufficient shares available in stockholder-approved plans at the applicable time.In the event, at each reporting date during which share-based compensation awards remain outstanding, there are not sufficient shares of Common Stock available to be issued under the Amended and Restated Abercrombie Fitch Co. 2007 Long-Term Incentive Plan the 2007 LTIP and the Abercrombie Fitch Co. 2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan the 2005 60Table of ContentsABERCROMBIE FITCH CO.NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedLTIP, or under a successor or replacement plan, the Company may be required to designate some portion of the outstanding awards to be settled in cash, which would result in liability classification of such awards. The fair value of liability-classified awards is re-measured each reporting date until such awards no longer remain outstanding or until sufficient shares of Common Stock become available to be issued under the existing plans or under a successor or replacement plan. As long as the awards are required to be classified as a liability, the change in fair value would be recognized in current period expense based on the requisite service period rendered.PlansAs of February1, 2014, AF had twoprimary share-based compensation plans: the 2005 LTIP, under which AF grants stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units and performance share awards to associates of the Company and non-associate members of the AF Board of Directors, and the 2007 LTIP, under which AF grants stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units and performance share awards to associates of the Company. AF also has fourother share-based compensation plans under which it granted stock options and restricted stock units to associates of the Company and non-associate members of the AF Board of Directors in prior years.The 2007 LTIP, a stockholder-approved plan, permits AF to annually grant awards covering up to 20 millionof underlying shares of AFs Common Stock for each type of award, per eligible participant, plus any unused annual limit from prior years. The 2005 LTIP, a stockholder-approved plan, permits AF to annually grant awards covering up to 250,000of underlying shares of AFs Common Stock for each award type to any associate of the Company other than the Chief Executive Officer the CEO who is subject to Section16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, at the time of the grant, plus any unused annual limit from prior years. In addition, any non-associate director of AF is eligible to receive awards under the 2005 LTIP. Under both plans, stock appreciation rights and restricted stock units vest primarily over four yearsfor associates, while performance share awards are primarily earned and vest over the performance period. Under the 2005 LTIP, restricted stock units typically vest after approximately one yearfor non-associate directors of AF. Under both plans, stock options have a ten-year term and stock appreciation rights have up to a ten-year term, subject to forfeiture under the terms of the plans. The plans provide for accelerated vesting if there is a change of control as defined in the plans.Fair Value EstimatesThe Company estimates the fair value of stock appreciation rights using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, which requires the Company to estimate the expected term of the stock appreciation rights and expected future stock price volatility over the expected term. Estimates of expected terms, which represent the expected periods of time the Company believes stock appreciation rights will be outstanding, are based on historical experience. Estimates of expected future stock price volatility are based on the volatility of AFs Common Stock price for the most recent historical period equal to the expected term of the stock appreciation right, as appropriate. The Company calculates the volatility as the annualized standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the weekly stock closing price, adjusted for stock splits and dividends.In the case of restricted stock units and performance share awards, the Company calculates the fair value of awards granted using the market price of the underlying Common Stock on the date of grant reduced for anticipated dividend payments on unvested shares. In determining the fair value, the Company does not take into account any performance-based requirements. The performance-based requirements are taken into account in determining the number of awards expected to vest.Stock OptionsThe Company did not grant any stock options during Fiscal 2013, Fiscal 2012and Fiscal 2011.Below is a summary of stock option activity for Fiscal 2013:Stock OptionsNumber  LifeOutstanding at February2,  or  at February1,  options exercisable at February1,  of ContentsABERCROMBIE FITCH CO.NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedThe total intrinsic value of stock options which were exercised during Fiscal 2013, Fiscal 2012and Fiscal 2011was insignificant, $20 millionand $485 million, respectively.The grant date fair value of stock options that vested during Fiscal 2013, Fiscal 2012and Fiscal 2011was insignificant, $13 millionand $24 million, respectively.As of February1, 2014, all compensation cost related to currently outstanding stock options has been fully recognized. Stock Appreciation RightsThe weighted-average estimated fair value of stock appreciation rights granted during Fiscal 2013, Fiscal 2012and Fiscal 2011, and the weighted-average assumptions used in calculating such fair value, on the date of grant, were as follows:Fiscal  Executive OfficersAll Other  date market     term  interest   is a summary of stock appreciation rights activity for Fiscal 2013:Stock Appreciation RightsNumber  LifeOutstanding at February2,  Executive OfficerOther Executive Officers189,7004657All Other  or  at February1,  appreciation rights exercisable at February1,  appreciation rights expected to become exercisable in the future as of February1,  total intrinsic value of stock appreciation rights exercised during Fiscal 2013, Fiscal 2012and Fiscal 2011was $85 million, $09 millionand $110 million, respectively.The grant date fair value of stock appreciation rights that vested during Fiscal 2013, Fiscal 2012and Fiscal 2011was $837 million, $241 millionand $113 million, respectively.As of February1, 2014, there was $99 millionof total unrecognized compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures, related to stock appreciation rights. The unrecognized compensation cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of fourteen months62Table of ContentsABERCROMBIE FITCH CO.NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedRestricted Stock UnitsBelow is a summary of restricted stock unit activity for Fiscal 2013:Restricted Stock UnitsNumberof  Fair ValueUnvested at February 2, 20131,198,680$4688Granted  at February 1, 20141,426,579$46001Number of shares granted includes shares related to the grant of performance share awards PSAs in Fiscal 2013. This reflects the target amount granted; however, the number of PSAs that ultimately are earned would vary from 0%- 200%of target depending on the achievement of performance criteria. The number also includes 15,000of additional shares earned above the Fiscal 2012 target due to the achievement above target.The total fair value of restricted stock units granted during Fiscal 2013, Fiscal 2012and Fiscal 2011was $340 million, $301 millionand $312 million, respectively.The total grant date fair value of restricted stock units and restricted shares which vested during Fiscal 2013, Fiscal 2012and Fiscal 2011was $151 million, $195 millionand $243 million, respectively.As of February1, 2014, there was $325 millionof total unrecognized compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures, related to non-vested restricted stock units. The unrecognized compensation cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of fifteen months5.CASH AND EQUIVALENTSCash and equivalents consisted of in thousands:February1, 2014February2, 2013Cash and   cash and  and equivalents include amounts on deposit with financial institutions, United States treasury bills, and other investments, primarily held in money market accounts, with original maturities of less than three months. Any cash that is legally restricted from use is recorded in Other Assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The restricted cash balance was $267 millionon February1, 2014and $311 millionon February2, 2013. Restricted cash includes various cash deposits with international banks that are used as collateral for customary non-debt banking commitments and deposits into trust accounts to conform to standard insurance security requirements63Table of ContentsABERCROMBIE FITCH CO.NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued6.RABBI TRUST ASSETSInvestments consisted of in thousands:February 1, 2014February 2, 2013Rabbi Trust assets:Money market funds2422Trust-owned life insurance policies at cash surrender value90,19887,575Total Rabbi Trust assets90,22287,597The irrevocable rabbi trust the Rabbi Trust is intended to be used as a source of funds to match respective funding obligations to participants in the Abercrombie Fitch Co. Nonqualified Savings and Supplemental Retirement Plan I, the Abercrombie Fitch Co. Nonqualified Savings and Supplemental Retirement Plan II and the Chief Executive Officer Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan. The Rabbi Trust assets are consolidated and recorded at fair value, with the exception of the trust-owned life insurance policies which are recorded at cash surrender value. The Rabbi Trust assets are included in Other Assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and are restricted as to their use as noted above. The change in cash surrender value of the trust-owned life insurance policies held in the Rabbi Trust resulted in realized gains of $26 million, $24 millionand $25 millionfor Fiscal 2013, Fiscal 2012and Fiscal 2011, respectively, recorded as part of Interest Expense, Net on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income7.FAIR VALUEFair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The inputs used to measure fair value are prioritized based on a three-level hierarchy. The three levels of inputs to measure fair value are as follows:Level 1 inputs are unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities that are available in active markets.Level 2 inputs are other than quoted market prices included within Level 1 that are observable for assets or liabilities, directly or indirectly.Level 3 inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable.The lowest level of significant input determines the placement of the entire fair value measurement in the hierarchy. The three levels of the hierarchy and the distribution of the Companys assets and liabilities, measured at fair value, within it were as follows:Assets and Liabilities at Fair Value as of February1,  thousandsASSETS:Money market  financial instruments969969Total assets measured at fair  financial instruments2,5552,555Total liabilities measured at fair  $1480 millionof money market funds included in Cash and Equivalents. Amounts held in the Rabbi Trust were insignificant64Table of ContentsABERCROMBIE FITCH CO.NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedAssets and Liabilities at Fair Value as of February 2,  thousandsASSETS:Money market  financial instruments2,4932,493Total assets measured at fair  financial instruments9,9879,987Total liabilities measured at fair  $2450 millionof money market funds included in Cash and Equivalents. Amounts held in the Rabbi Trust were insignificant.The level 2 assets and liabilities consist of derivative financial instruments, primarily forward foreign exchange contracts. The fair value of forward foreign exchange contracts is determined by using quoted market prices of the same or similar instruments, adjusted for counterparty risk.Disclosures of Fair Value of Other Assets and Liabilities:The Companys borrowings under its Term Loan Agreement are carried at historical cost in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. For disclosure purposes, the Company estimates the fair value of borrowings under the Term Loan Agreement using discounted cash flow analysis based on market rates obtained from independent third parties for similar types of debt. The inputs used to value the borrowings under the Term Loan Agreement are considered to be Level 2 instruments. The carrying amount of borrowings outstanding under the Term Loan Agreement as of February1, 2014was approximately $1350 million. The fair value of borrowings outstanding under the Term Loan Agreement as of February1, 2014was approximately $1350 million. There were noborrowings outstanding under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement or the Term Loan Agreement at February2, 2013. See Note 15, BORROWINGS, for further discussion on the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and the Term Loan Agreement8.PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NETProperty and equipment, net, consisted of in thousands:February 1, 2014February 2,  fixtures and    in  Accumulated depreciation and  and equipment,  assets, primarily comprised of property and equipment, are reviewed periodically for impairment or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. Factors used in the evaluation include, but are not limited to, managements plans for future operations, recent operating results, and projected cash flows65Table of ContentsABERCROMBIE FITCH CO.NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedIn Fiscal 2013, the Company incurred non-cash asset impairment charges of$467 million, as a result of the impact of sales trends on the profitability of a number of stores identified in the third quarter of Fiscal 2013 as well as the fiscal year-end review of store-related long-lived assets. The non-cash asset impairment charges included in Asset Impairment on the Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income, primarily related to23Abercrombie Fitch stores, fourabercrombie kids stores and70Hollister stores. In addition, the Company incurred $379 millionrelated to the Gilly Hicks restructuring. In Fiscal 2012, as a result of the fiscal year-end review of long-lived store-related assets, the Company incurred non-cash store-related asset impairment charges of $74 millionincluded in Asset Impairment on the Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income for Fiscal 2012. The asset impairment charge was primarily related to oneAbercrombie Fitch stores, threeabercrombie kids stores, 12Hollister stores, and oneGilly Hicks store.In Fiscal 2011, as a result of the fiscal year-end review of long-lived store-related assets, the Company incurred non-cash store-related asset impairment charges of $680 million, included in Asset Impairment on the Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income for Fiscal 2011. The asset impairment charge was related to 14Abercrombie Fitch stores, 21abercrombie kids stores, 42Hollister stores, and twoGilly Hicks stores.Store-related assets are considered level 3 assets in the fair value hierarchy and the fair values were determined at the individual store level, primarily using a discounted cash flow model. The estimation of future cash flows from operating activities requires significant estimates of factors that include future sales, gross margin performance and operating expenses. In instances where the discounted cash flow analysis indicated a negative value at the store level, the market exit price based on historical experience was used to determine the fair value by asset type. Included in property and equipment, net, are store-related assets previously impaired and measured at a fair value of $142 millionand $102 million, net of accumulated depreciation, as of February 1, 2014and February 2, 2013, respectively.The following table presents quantitative information related to the unobservable inputs used in the Company level 3 fair value measurements for the impairment loss incurred in Fiscal 2013.UNOBSERVABLE INPUTVALUEWeighted average cost of capital 111%Annual revenue growth rates 22%1The Company utilized the year-end weighted average cost of capital in the discounted cash flow model2The Company utilized an annual revenue growth rate in the discounted and undiscounted cash flow model.See Note 19, GILLY HICKS RESTRUCTURING, for information on impairment charges incurred in relation to the decision to close the stand-alone Gilly Hicks stores in the third quarter of Fiscal 2013. In certain lease arrangements, the Company is involved with the construction of the building. If it is determined that the Company has substantially all of the risks of ownership during construction of the leased property and therefore is deemed to be the owner of the construction project, the Company records an asset for the amount of the total project costs and an amount related to the value attributed to the pre-existing leased building in Property and Equipment, Net and the related financing obligation in Leasehold Financing Obligations on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Once construction is complete, if it is determined that the asset does not qualify for sale-leaseback accounting treatment, the Company continues to amortize the obligation over the lease term and depreciates the asset over its useful life. The Company had $523 millionand $552 millionof construction project assets in Property and Equipment, Net at February 1, 2014and February 2, 2013, respectively66Table of Contents9.OTHER ASSETSOther assets consisted of in  deferred tax assets$97,587$50,387Rabbi Trust90,22287,597Long-term deposits68,88671,486Long-term   cash26,68631,137Prepaid income tax on intercompany   cash includes various cash deposits with international banks that are used as collateral for customary non-debt banking commitments and deposits into trust accounts to conform to standard insurance security requirements. Long-term supplies include, but are not limited to, hangers, frames, sign holders, security tags, back-room supplies, and construction materials. Other includes prepaid leases and various other assets10.DEFERRED LEASE CREDITSDeferred lease credits are derived from payments received from landlords to wholly or partially offset store construction costs and are classified between current and long-term liabilities. The amounts, which are amortized as a reduction of rent expense over the respective lives of the related leases, consisted of the following in thousands:February1, 2014February2, 2013Deferred lease  deferred lease  deferred lease credits, net$176,964$207,45111.LEASED FACILITIESAnnual store rent is comprised of a fixed minimum amount and/or contingent rent based on a percentage of sales. For scheduled rent escalation clauses during the lease terms, the Company records minimum rental expenses on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. The term of the lease over which the Company amortizes construction allowances and minimum rental expenses on a straight-line basis begins on the date of initial possession.Certain leases provide for contingent rents, which are primarily determined as a percentage of sales in excess of a predetermined level. The Company records a contingent rent liability in Accrued Expenses on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, and the corresponding rent expense on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income when the Company determines that it is probable that the expense has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated.Store lease terms may also require additional payments covering taxes, common area costs and certain other expenses67Table of ContentsABERCROMBIE FITCH CO.NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedA summary of rent expense follows in thousands:201320122011Store rent:Fixed  lease credits  store rent  equipment and other4,9876,2594,719Total rent  February1, 2014, the Company was committed to non-cancelable leases with remaining terms of oneto 17years. Excluded from the obligations below are amounts related to portions of lease terms that are currently cancelable at the Company discretion. While included in the obligations below, in many instances, the Company has options to terminate certain leases if stated sales volume levels are not met or the Company ceases operations in a given country. A summary of operating lease commitments, including $607 millionof leasehold financing obligations and related interest as discussed in Note 16, LEASEHOLD FINANCING OBLIGATIONS, under non-cancelable leases follows in thousands:Fiscal 2014$419,798Fiscal 2015$373,534Fiscal 2016$339,786Fiscal 2017$264,714Fiscal  EXPENSESAccrued expenses consisted of in thousands:20132012Accrued rent$59,997$36,861Accrued payroll and related costs49,87874,747Accrued taxes44,10056,219Gift card  in   payroll and related costs include salaries, incentive compensation, benefits, withholdings and other payroll related costs. Other accrued expenses include expenses incurred but not yet paid related to outside services associated with store and home office operations13.OTHER LIABILITIESOther liabilities consisted of in thousands:20132012Accrued straight-line rent$114,001$119,057Deferred  tax positions, including interest and   of ContentsABERCROMBIE FITCH CO.NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedDeferred compensation includes the Chief Executive Officer Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan the SERP, the Abercrombie Fitch Co. Savings and Retirement Plan and the Abercrombie Fitch Nonqualified Savings and Supplemental Retirement Plan, all further discussed in Note 20, RETIREMENT BENEFITS, as well as deferred Board of Directors compensation and other accrued retirement benefits14.INCOME TAXESIncome from continuing operations before taxes was comprised of in  income from continuing operations above includes intercompany charges to foreign affiliates for management fees, cost-sharing, royalties, including those related to international direct-to-consumer operations, and interest. The provision for tax expense from continuing operations consisted of in   between the statutory federal income tax rate and the effective tax rate for continuing operations is as follows:201320122011Federal income tax rate350%350%350%State income tax, net of federal income tax effect1022739Tax effect of foreign earnings211830Other items,  taxes paid directly to taxing authorities net of refunds received were $1163 million, $1225 million, and $1200 millionin Fiscal 2013, Fiscal 2012, and Fiscal 2011, respectively. These amounts include payments and refunds for income and withholding taxes incurred related to the current year and all prior years69Table of ContentsABERCROMBIE FITCH CO.NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedThe effect of temporary differences which gives rise to deferred income tax assets liabilities were as follows in thousands:20132012Deferred tax assets:Deferred  expenses and  operating losses NOL and credit  and unrealized investment losses592Other307Valuation allowance202158Total deferred tax  tax liabilities:Property, equipment and  supplies7,7989,990Prepaid  deferred tax  deferred income tax  other comprehensive income is shown net of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities, resulting in a deferred tax asset of $03 millionand a deferred tax liability of $08 millionfor Fiscal 2013and Fiscal 2012, respectively. These deferred taxes are not reflected in the table above.As of February1, 2014, the Company had deferred tax assets related to foreign and state net operating losses of $115 millionand $02 million, respectively that could be utilized to reduce future years tax liabilities. If not utilized, a portion of the foreign net operating loss carryovers will begin to expire in the year 2016 and a portion of state net operating losses will begin to expire in the year 2021. Some foreign net operating losses have an indefinite carryforward period.  As of February1, 2014the Company had deferred tax assets related to state credit carryovers of $09 millionthat could be utilized to reduce future years tax liabilities. If not utilized, the credit carryforwards will expire in 2023. The utilization of credit carryforwards may be limited in a given year.     The Company believes it is more likely than not that net operating losses and credit carryovers would reduce future years tax liabilities in various states and certain foreign jurisdictions less any associated valuation allowance. All foreign net operating loss valuation allowances have been reflected through the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. No other valuation allowances have been provided for deferred tax assets because the Company believes that it is more likely than not that the full amount of the net deferred tax assets will be realized in the future70Table of ContentsABERCROMBIE FITCH CO.NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedA reconciliation of the beginning and ending amounts of uncertain tax positions is as follows:201320122011in thousandsUncertain tax positions, beginning of the  addition for tax positions of the current year4491,0841,183Gross addition for tax positions of prior years302271,602Reductions of tax positions of prior years for:Lapses of applicable statutes of  during the  in  tax positions, end of year$4,182$11,116$13,404The amount of the above uncertain tax positions at February1, 2014,February2, 2013and January28, 2012which would impact the Companys effective tax rate, if recognized, was $42 million, $111 millionand $134 million, respectively.The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax expense. During Fiscal 2013, the Company recognized a $13 millionbenefit related to net interest and penalties compared to a $09 millionbenefit recognized during Fiscal 2012. Interest and penalties of $16 millionhad been accrued at the end of Fiscal 2013, compared to $49 millionaccrued at the end of Fiscal 2012.The Internal Revenue Service IRS is currently conducting an examination of the Companys U.S. federal income tax return for Fiscal 2013as part of the IRSs Compliance Assurance Process program. The IRS examinations for Fiscal 2012has been completed and no changes are anticipated. The IRS examinations for Fiscal 2011 and prior years have been completed and settled. State and foreign returns are generally subject to examination for a period of threeto five yearsafter the filing of the respective return. The Company has various state and foreign income tax returns in the process of examination, administrative appeals or litigation. The outcome of which is not expected to have a material impact on the Company financial statements. The Company believes that some of these audits and negotiations will conclude within the next 12 months and that it is reasonably possible the amount of uncertain income tax positions, including interest, may decrease in the range of $2 millionto $3 milliondue to settlements of audits and expirations of statutes of limitations. The Company does not expect material adjustments to the total amount of uncertain tax positions within the next 12 months, but the outcome of tax matters is uncertain and unforeseen results can occur.As of February1, 2014, U.S. taxes have not been provided on approximately $1095 millionof unremitted earnings of subsidiaries operating outside of the United States. These earnings, which are considered to be invested indefinitely, would become subject to income tax if they were remitted as dividends or were lent to Abercrombie Fitch or a U.S. affiliate, or if Abercrombie Fitch were to sell its stock in the subsidiaries. Determination of the amount of unrecognized deferred U.S. income tax liability on these unremitted earnings is not practicable because of the complexities associated with this hypothetical calculation15.BORROWINGSOn July28, 2011, the Company entered into an unsecured Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, as amended by Amendment No. 1, made as of February 24, 2012, Amendment No. 2, made as of January 23, 2013, and Amendment No. 3, made as of November 4, 2013 the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement under which up to $350 millionis available. As stated in the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, the primary purposes of the agreement are for trade and stand-by letters of credit in the ordinary course of business, as well as to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and investments, and other general corporate purposes, including repurchases of AF Common Stock.The Amended and Restated Credit Agreement has several borrowing options, including interest rates that are based on: ia defined Base Rate, plus a margin based on the applicable Leverage Ratio, payable quarterly; iian Adjusted Eurodollar Rate as defined in the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement plus a margin based on the applicable Leverage Ratio, payable at the end of the applicable interest period for the borrowing and, for interest periods in excess of threemonths, on the date that is threemonths after the commencement of the interest period; or iiian Adjusted Foreign Currency Rate as defined in the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement plus a margin based on the applicable Leverage Ratio, payable at the end of the applicable interest period for the borrowing and, for interest periods in excess of threemonths, on the date that is three71Table of ContentsABERCROMBIE FITCH CO.NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continuedmonths after the commencement of the interest period. The Base Rate represents a rate per annum equal to the highest of aPNC Bank, National Associations then publicly announced prime rate, bthe Federal Funds Open Rate as defined in the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement as then in effect plus 1/2 of 10%or cthe Daily Adjusted Eurodollar Rate as defined in the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement as then in effect plus 10%.The facility fees payable under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement are based on the Companys Leverage Ratio i.e., the ratio, on a consolidated basis, of athe sum of total debt excluding specified permitted foreign bank guarantees and trade letters of credit plus 600%of forward minimum rent commitments to bconsolidated earnings, as adjusted, before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and rent Consolidated EBITDAR for the trailing  periods. The facility fees accrue at a rate of 0125%to 030%per annum based on the Leverage Ratio for the most recent determination date. The Amended and Restated Credit Agreement requires that the Leverage Ratio not be greater than 375to 100 at the end of each testing period. Prior to Amendment No. 3, the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement also required that the Coverage Ratio for AF and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis of iConsolidated EBITDAR for the trailing  period to iithe sum of, without duplication, xnet interest expense for such period, yscheduled payments of long-term debt due within twelve months of the date of determination and zthe sum of minimum rent and contingent store rent, not be less than 175to 100. Effective November 4, 2013, the Coverage Ratio requirement was amended as discussed more fully below.The Amended and Restated Credit Agreement will mature on July27, 2016. The Company had no trade letters of credit outstanding at February 1, 2014 and February 2, 2013. Stand-by letters of credit outstanding, under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, on February1, 2014and February2, 2013were insignificant.As of February1, 2014and February2, 2013, the Company had no borrowings outstanding under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. On February 24, 2012, the Company entered into a $300 millionTerm Loan Agreement. On January 23, 2013, the Company amended both the Term Loan Agreement via Amendment No. 1 the Term Loan Agreement and the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement via Amendment No. 2. The required Coverage Ratio in both agreements was lowered to 175to 100 and the availability under the Term Loan Agreement was lowered to $150 million. On February 21, 2013, the Company elected to draw down the full $150 million available under the Term Loan Agreement. Repayments of $375 millionare due on the last day of each quarter beginning May 2013, with the final repayment of $900 milliondue upon maturity at February 23, 2017. Interest on borrowings may be determined under several alternative methods including LIBOR plus a margin based upon the Companys Leverage Ratio, as defined above. On November 4, 2013, the Company entered into an Amendment No. 3 to its existing Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and an Amendment No. 2 to its existing Term Loan Agreement. The amendments allow the Company to add back to the calculation of consolidated EBITDAR, for purposes of determining the Company Coverage Ratio and the Company Leverage Ratio, up to$60 millionof non-recurring cash charges associated with the Gilly Hicks restructuring. In addition, the required minimum Coverage Ratio was reduced initially for the testing period ending February 1, 2014 and each of the testing periods during the fiscal year ending January 31, 2015, to a level of 160to 100, with such level gradually increasing to175to 100, by the testing period ending October 31, 2015 and thereafter.The Company was in compliance with the applicable ratio requirements under both agreements at February1, 2014. As of February1, 2014, the Company had $1350 millionin borrowings outstanding under the Term Loan Agreement. The Company had noborrowings under the Term Loan Agreement as of February2, 2013. The weighted average interest rate for Fiscal 2013 was 185%.Total interest expense and fees associated with borrowing agreements were $46 million, $38 millionand $25 millionfor Fiscal 2013, Fiscal 2012and Fiscal 2011, respectively.The terms of both the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and the Term Loan Agreement include customary events of default such as payment defaults, cross-defaults to other material indebtedness, undischarged material judgments, bankruptcy and insolvency, the occurrence of a defined change in control, or the failure to observe the negative covenants and other covenants related to the operation and conduct of the business of AF and its subsidiaries. Upon an event of default: i the lenders under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement will not be obligated to make loans or other extensions of credit and may, among other things, terminate their commitments to the Company; and ii the lenders under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and the lenders under the Term Loan Agreement may declare any then outstanding loans due and payable immediately72Table of ContentsABERCROMBIE FITCH CO.NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued16.LEASEHOLD FINANCING OBLIGATIONSAs of February1, 2014and February2, 2013, the Company had $607 millionand $639 million, respectively, of long-term liabilities related to leasehold financing obligations. In certain lease arrangements, the Company is involved in the construction of the building. If it is determined that the Company has substantially all of the risks of ownership during construction of the leased property and therefore is deemed to be the owner of the construction project, the Company records an asset for the amount of the total project costs and an amount related to the value attributed to the pre-existing leased building in Property and Equipment, Net and the related financing obligation in Leasehold Financing Obligations on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Once construction is complete, if it is determined that the asset does not qualify for sale-leaseback accounting treatment, the Company continues to amortize the obligation over the lease term and depreciates the asset over its useful life. The Company does not report rent expense for the portion of the rent payment determined to be related to the assets which are determined to be owned for accounting purposes. Rather, that portion of the rental payments under the lease is recognized as a reduction of the financing obligation and interest expense.Total interest expense related to landlord financing obligations was $66 million, $68 millionand $53 millionfor Fiscal 2013, Fiscal 2012and Fiscal 2011,  Company is exposed to risks associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates and uses derivatives, primarily forward contracts, to manage the financial impacts of these exposures. The Company does not use forward contracts to engage in currency speculation and does not enter into derivative financial instruments for trading purposes.In order to qualify for hedge accounting treatment, a derivative must be considered highly effective at offsetting changes in either the hedged items cash flows or fair value. Additionally, the hedge relationship must be documented to include the risk management objective and strategy, the hedging instrument, the hedged item, the risk exposure, and how hedge effectiveness will be assessed prospectively and retrospectively. The extent to which a hedging instrument has been, and is expected to continue to be, effective at achieving offsetting changes in fair value or cash flows is assessed and documented at least quarterly. Any hedge ineffectiveness is reported in current period earnings and hedge accounting is discontinued if it is determined that the derivative is not highly effective.For derivatives that either do not qualify for hedge accounting or are not designated as hedges, all changes in the fair value of the derivative are recognized in earnings. For qualifying cash flow hedges, the effective portion of the change in the fair value of the derivative is recorded as a component of Other Comprehensive Income OCI and recognized in earnings when the hedged cash flows affect earnings. The ineffective portion of the derivative gain or loss, as well as changes in the fair value of the derivatives time value are recognized in current period earnings. The effectiveness of the hedge is assessed based on changes in the fair value attributable to changes in spot prices. The changes in the fair value of the derivative contract related to the changes in the difference between the spot price and the forward price are excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and are also recognized in current period earnings. If the cash flow hedge relationship is terminated, the derivative gains or losses that are deferred in OCI will be recognized in earnings when the hedged cash flows occur. However, for cash flow hedges that are terminated because the forecasted transaction is not expected to occur in the original specified time period, or a two-month period thereafter, the derivative gains or losses are immediately recognized in earnings.The Company uses derivative instruments, primarily forward contracts designated as cash flow hedges, to hedge the foreign currency exposure associated with forecasted foreign-currency-denominated intercompany inventory sales to foreign subsidiaries and the related settlement of the foreign-currency-denominated inter-company accounts receivable. Fluctuations in exchange rates will either increase or decrease the Companys U.S. dollar equivalent cash flows and affect the Companys U.S. dollar earnings. Gains or losses on the foreign exchange forward contracts that are used to hedge these exposures are expected to partially offset this variability. Foreign exchange forward contracts represent agreements to exchange the currency of one country for the currency of another country at an agreed-upon settlement date. As of February 1, 2014, the length of time over which forecasted foreign-currency-denominated inter-company inventory sales were hedged was nine months. The sale of the inventory to the Companys customers will result in the reclassification of related derivative gains and losses that are reported in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Loss. Substantially all of the remaining unrealized gains or losses related to foreign-currency-denominated inter-company inventory sales that have occurred as of February 1, 2014will be recognized in costs of goods sold over the following two monthsat the values at the date the inventory was sold to the respective subsidiary.The Company presents its derivative assets and derivative liabilities at their gross fair values on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. However, our master netting and other similar arrangements allow net settlements under certain conditions73Table of ContentsABERCROMBIE FITCH CO.NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedAs of February 1, 2014, the Company had the following outstanding foreign exchange forward contracts that were entered to hedge either a portion, or all, of forecasted foreign-currency-denominated inter-company inventory sales, the resulting settlement of the foreign-currency-denominated inter-company accounts receivable, or both:Notional Amount1Euro$80,428British Pound$32,368Canadian Dollar$10,9401Amounts are reported in thousands and in U.S. Dollars equivalent as of February1, 2014.The Company also uses foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge certain foreign currency denominated net monetary assets/liabilities. Examples of monetary assets/liabilities include cash balances, receivables and payables. Fluctuations in exchange rates result in transaction gains/losses being recorded in earnings as U.S. GAAP requires that monetary assets/liabilities be remeasured at the spot exchange rate at quarter-end or upon settlement. The Company has chosen not to apply hedge accounting to these instruments because there are no differences in the timing of gain or loss recognition on the hedging instrument and the hedged item.As of February1, 2014, the Company had the following outstanding foreign exchange forward contracts that were entered into to hedge foreign currency denominated net monetary assets/liabilities:Notional Amount1Euro$27,248Swiss Franc$13,8221Amounts are reported in thousands and in U.S. Dollars equivalent as of February1, 2014.The location and amounts of derivative fair values on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of February 1, 2014and February 2, 2013were as follows:Asset DerivativesLiability DerivativesBalance    SheetLocationFebruary 1, 2014February 2,  1, 2014February 2, 2013in thousandsDerivatives Designated as Hedging Instruments:Foreign Exchange Forward ContractsOther CurrentAssets$691$1,967Other  Not Designated as Hedging Instruments:Foreign Exchange Forward ContractsOther CurrentAssets$278$526Other Liabilities$52$717TotalOther CurrentAssets$969$2,493Other Liabilities$2,555$9,987Refer to Note 7, FAIR VALUE, for further discussion of the determination of the fair value of derivatives74Table of ContentsABERCROMBIE FITCH CO.NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedThe location and amounts of derivative gains and losses for Fiscal 2013 and Fiscal 2012, respectively, on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income were as follows:Fiscal 2013Fiscal 2012February 1, 2014February 2,  thousandsDerivatives not designated as Hedging Instruments:Foreign Exchange Forward   LossRecognizedinOCI  ofGain  into EarningsEffective PortionAmountofGain LossReclassified fromAccumulatedOCI  andAmountExcluded  LossRecognizedinEarningson   2014February2, 2013February1, 2014February2, 2013February1, 2014February2, 2013in thousandsDerivatives in Cash Flow Hedging RelationshipsForeign Exchange Forward  Net$248$226aThe amount represents the change in fair value of derivative contracts due to changes in spot rates.bThe amount represents reclassification from OCI into earnings that occurs when the hedged item affects earnings, which is when merchandise is sold to the Companys customers.cThe amount represents the change in fair value of derivative contracts due to changes in the difference between the spot price and forward price that is excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and, therefore, recognized in earnings75Table of ContentsABERCROMBIE FITCH CO.NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued18. ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME LOSSThe activity in accumulated other comprehensive income loss, for the fifty-two weeks ended February1, 2014is as follows in thousands:Fiscal 2013Derivative Financial InstrumentsForeign Currency TranslationTotalBeginning balance at February 2,  comprehensive income loss before  from accumulated other comprehensive income loss 1857857Tax effect on derivative financial instruments524524Net current-period other comprehensive income  balance at February 1,  the fifty-two weeks ended February1, 2014, the gain or loss was reclassified from Other Comprehensive Income Loss to the Cost of Goods Sold line item on the Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income.The tax effect on derivative financial instruments was a $24 millionbenefit and $12 millionin expense for Fiscal 2012 and Fiscal 2011 within Unrealized Gain Loss on Derivative Financial Instruments, net of taxes in the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income, respectively. The tax effect on auction rate securities was a $55 millionexpense for Fiscal 2011 within Gains on Marketable Securities, net of taxes in the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income, for Fiscal 2011. 19. GILLY HICKS RESTRUCTURINGOn November 1, 2013, AFs Board of Directors approved the closure of the Companys stand-alone Gilly Hicks stores. The Company anticipates the closure will be substantially complete by the end of the first quarter of Fiscal 2014. Store closures in Europe are subject to applicable notice and consultation provisions. In connection with a strategic review, the Company has decided to focus the future development of the Gilly Hicks brand through Hollister stores and direct-to-consumer channels. This decision reflects a successful pilot of selling a limited assortment of Gilly Hicks branded intimates in Hollister stores. As a result of exiting the Gilly Hicks branded stores, the Company currently estimates that it will incur aggregate pre-tax charges of approximately $90 million, which includes non-cash charges of approximately $60 million. During Fiscal 2013, the Company recognized $815 millionof charges.  The remaining charges, primarily lease-related are expected to be substantially recognized in the first quarter of Fiscal 2014. These estimates are based on a number of significant assumptions and could change materially. Below is a summary of pre-tax charges incurred to date related to the closure of the Gilly Hicks branded stores in thousands:Fifty-Two Weeks Ended February 1, 2014Lease Terminations and Store Closure Costs$42,667Asset  Charges 1$81,4991For the fifty-two week period ended February 1, 2014, the Company incurred charges related to restructuring plans for the Gilly Hicks brand of $505 millionfor U.S. Stores segment and $310 millionfor International Stores segment76Table of ContentsABERCROMBIE FITCH CO.NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedCosts associated with exit or disposal activities are recorded when the liability is incurred. Below is a roll forward of the liabilities recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of February 1, 2014, related to the closure of the Gilly Hicks stores in thousands:February 1, 2014Accrued Liability as of November 2, 2013$Costs Incurred, Excluding Non-Cash Charges$44,819Cash Payments$2,312Accrued Liability as of February 1, 2014$42,50720.RETIREMENT BENEFITSThe Company maintains the Abercrombie Fitch Co. Savings Retirement Plan, a qualified plan. All U.S. associates are eligible to participate in this plan if they are at least 21years of age and have completed a year of employment with 1,000or more hours of service. In addition, the Company maintains the Abercrombie Fitch Co. Nonqualified Savings and Supplemental Retirement, composed of two sub-plans Plan I and Plan II. Plan I contains contributions made through December31, 2004, while Plan II contains contributions made on and after January1, 2005. Participation in these plans is based on service and compensation. The Companys contributions are based on a percentage of associates eligible annual compensation. The cost of the Companys contributions to these plans was $183 millionin Fiscal 2013, $211 millionin Fiscal 2012and $164 millionin Fiscal 2011.Effective February2, 2003, the Company established a Chief Executive Officer SERP to provide additional retirement income to its CEO. Subject to service requirements, the CEO will receive a monthly benefit which accumulates annually to 50%of his final average compensation as defined in the SERP for life. The final average compensation used for the calculation is based on actual compensation, base salary and cash incentive compensation, averaged over the last 36consecutive full calendar months ending before the CEOs retirement. The Company recorded net income of $44 million, and expense of $39 millionand $13 millionfor Fiscal 2013, Fiscal 2012and Fiscal 2011, respectively, associated with the SERP21.CONTINGENCIESAF is a defendant in lawsuits and other adversary proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Legal costs incurred in connection with the resolution of claims and lawsuits are generally expensed as incurred, and the Company establishes reserves for the outcome of litigation where it deems appropriate to do so under applicable accounting rules. The Companys assessment of the current exposure could change in the event of the discovery of additional facts with respect to legal matters pending against the Company or determinations by judges, juries, administrative agencies or other finders of fact that are not in accordance with the Companys evaluation of claims. Actual liabilities may exceed the amounts reserved, and there can be no assurance that final resolution of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on the Companys financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. The Company has established accruals for certain matters where losses are deemed probable and reasonably estimable. There are other claims and legal proceedings pending against the Company for which accruals have not been established22.RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTSIn February 2013, the FASB issued ASU 2013-02, which amends Accounting Standards Codification Topic 220, Comprehensive Income. The ASU contains new requirements related to the presentation and disclosure of items that are reclassified out of other comprehensive income. The new requirements give financial statement users a more comprehensive view of items that are reclassified out of other comprehensive income. ASU 2013-02 is effective for the Company fiscal year and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2012, and is to be applied prospectively. The adoption did not have a material effect on the Company consolidated financial statements77Table of ContentsABERCROMBIE FITCH CO.NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedIn July 2013, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued ASU No. 2013-11, Presentation of an Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward, a Similar Tax Loss, or a Tax Credit Carryforward Exists, which amends ASC 740, Income Taxes. The amendments provide guidance on the financial statement presentation of an unrecognized tax benefit as either a reduction of a deferred tax asset or as a liability, when a net operating loss carryforward, similar tax loss or a tax credit carryforward exists. The amendments are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2013. Management has determined that the adoption of these changes will not have an impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements and as such adopted the provisions prospectively for the fiscal year ended February 1, 201423.PREFERRED STOCK PURCHASE RIGHTSOn July16, 1998, AFs Board of Directors declared a dividend of oneSeries A Participating Cumulative Preferred Stock Purchase Right the Rights for each outstanding share of ClassA Common Stock, par value $001 per share the Common Stock, of AF. The dividend was paid on July28, 1998 to stockholders of record on that date. Shares of Common Stock issued after July28, 1998 and prior to May25, 1999 were issued with oneRight attached. AFs Board of Directors declared a two-for-one stock split the Stock Split on the Common Stock, payable on June15, 1999 to the holders of record at the close of business on May25, 1999. In connection with the Stock Split, the number of Rights associated with each share of Common Stock outstanding as of the close of business on May25, 1999, or issued or delivered after May25, 1999 and prior to the Distribution Date as defined below, was proportionately adjusted from oneRight to 050 Right. Each share of Common Stock issued after May25, 1999 was issued with 050Right attached so that all shares of Common Stock outstanding prior to the expiration of the Rights had 050Right attached.On January 27, 2014, AF entered into an amendment Amendment Purchase No. 3 to the Rights Agreement, dated as of July 16, 1998, as amended the Rights Agreement between AF and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as successor rights agent, whereby the expiration of the outstanding Series A Participating Cumulative Preferred Stock Rights the Rights was accelerated from July 16, 2018 to January 28, 2014 and had the effect of terminating the Rights Agreement as of that date. At the time of the termination of the Rights Agreement, all of the Rights distributed to the holders of AF Common Stock pursuant to the Rights Agreement also expired.Rights holders had no rights as a stockholder of AF, including no right to vote or to receive dividends78Table of ContentsABERCROMBIE FITCH CO.NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued24.QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA UNAUDITEDSummarized unaudited quarterly financial results for Fiscal 2013and Fiscal 2012follows in thousands, except per share amounts:Fiscal Quarter 2013    income  income loss per diluted  Quarter 2012    income  income loss per diluted  thirteen weeks ended May 4, 2013 included a reduction of pre-tax loss of $25 millionand an unrelated tax charge of $12 millionfor the correction of errors relating to prior periods. The effect of these corrections decreased net loss by $06 millionfor the thirteen week period ended May 4, 20132The second quarter of Fiscal 2013included pre-tax charges of $26 millionrelated to the Company profit improvement initiative. Earnings per diluted share included $002related to the charges. The thirteen week period ended August 3, 2013 included a reduction of pre-tax expense of $45 millionfor the correction of errors related to prior periods; the twenty-six week period ended August 3, 2013 included a reduction of pre-tax expense of $55 millionand an unrelated tax charge of $12 millionfor the correction of errors related to prior periods. The effect of these corrections increased net income by $29 millionand $25 millionfor the thirteen and twenty-six week periods ended August 3, 20133The third quarter of Fiscal 2013included pre-tax charges of $436 millionfor asset impairment, $447 millionrelated to the restructuring of the Gilly Hicks brand and $76 millionrelated to the Company profit improvement initiative. Earnings per diluted share included $072related to the charges. The thirteen week period ended November 2, 2013 included a reduction of pre-tax expense of $21 millionand an unrelated tax benefit of $19 millionfor the correction of errors related to prior periods; the thirty-nine week period ended November 2, 2013 included a reduction of pre-tax expense of $63 millionfor the correction of errors related to prior periods.The effect of these corrections increased net income by $30 millionand $47 millionfor the thirteen and thirty-nine week periods ended November 2, 20134The fourth quarter of Fiscal 2013included pre-tax charges of $31 millionfor asset impairment, $368 millionrelated to the restructuring of the Gilly Hicks brand and $37 millionrelated to the Company profit improvement initiative. Earnings per diluted share included $038related to the charges and $011for a tax true-up related to the restructuring, asset impairment and profit improvement charges primarily incurred in the third quarter of Fiscal 2013, for the true-up of the estimated full year tax rate applied as of the third quarter to the full year Fiscal 2013tax rate. The thirteen week period ended February 1, 2014 included an increase in pre-tax expense of $65 millionand an unrelated tax charge of $22 millionfor the correction of errors related to prior periods. The effect of these corrections decreased net income by $62 millionfor the thirteen week period ended February 1, 2014; the fifty-two week period ended February1, 2014included a reduction of pre-tax expense of $26 millionand an unrelated tax expense of $09 million5The fourth quarter of Fiscal 2012 included impairment charges of $74 millionand $006per diluted share. Tax expense for the fourteen weeks ended February 2, 2013 included $11 millionto correct for understated tax expense relating to the fourth quarter of 2011. Additionally, the fourth quarter included certain other corrections related to the first three quarters of 2012 that had an insignificant effect on the fourth quarter. 6The Company does not believe these corrections were material to any current or prior interim or annual periods that were affected79Table of ContentsABERCROMBIE FITCH CO.NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued25.SUBSEQUENT EVENTOn February 27, 2014, AF entered into an Accelerated Share Repurchase Agreement ASR Agreement with Goldman, Sachs Co. Goldman in order to repurchase shares of AF Common Stock from Goldman. AF entered into the ASR Agreement pursuant to AF current stock repurchase authorizations. Pursuant to the ASR Agreement, on March 4, 2014, AF paid $150 millionto Goldman and, in exchange, received approximately 31million shares of AF Common Stock, representing 80%of the repurchase price based on the closing price of AF Common Stock on February 27, 2014. The Company increased treasury stock by $120 millionand the remaining $30 millionwas recorded against additional paid in capital until the final share repurchases are settled at the maturity of the ASR Agreement. The number of such additional shares will be determined based on the volume-weighted average price per share of AF Common Stock during a valuation period expected to last up to two months, less an agreed discount. The additional shares have not been determined by Goldman or delivered to the Company80Table of ContentsReport of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Abercrombie Fitch Co.In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements listed in the accompanying index appearing under a1 present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Abercrombie Fitch Co. and its subsidiaries the Company at February 1, 2014 and February 2, 2013, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended February 1, 2014 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of February 1, 2014, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework1992 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO. The Company management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express opinions on these financial statements and on the Company internal control over financial reporting based on our integrated audit. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.A companys internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A companys internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that i pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; ii provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and iii provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the companys assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate./s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLPColumbus, OhioMarch 31, 201481Table of ContentsItem1.BUSINESS3Item! 1A.RISK FACTORS7Item 1B.UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS20Item 2.PROPERTIES21Item 3.CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.Disclosure Controls and ProceduresAF maintains disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules13a-15e and 15d-15e under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended the Exchange Act that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports that AF files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SECs rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to AFs management, including the Chief Executive Officer of AF and the Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer of AF, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Because of inherent limitations, disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of disclosure controls and procedures are met.AFs management, including the Chief Executive Officer of AF and the Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer of AF, evaluated the effectiveness of AFs design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal year ended February1, 2014. The Chief Executive Officer of AF and the Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer of AF concluded that AFs disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable level of assurance as of February1, 2014, the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form10-K.Managements Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial ReportingThe management of AF is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. AFs internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules13a-15f and 15d-15f under the Exchange Act is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluations of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Accordingly, even an effective system of internal control over financial reporting will provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation.With the participation of the Chief Executive Officer of AF and the Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer of AF, management evaluated the effectiveness of AFs internal control over financial reporting as of February1, 2014using criteria established in the Internal Control-Integrated Framework 1992 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO. Based on the assessment of AFs internal control over financial reporting, under the criteria described in the preceding sentence, management has concluded that, as of February1, 2014, AFs internal control over financial reporting was effective.AFs independent registered public accounting firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, has issued an audit report on the effectiveness of AFs internal control over financial reporting as of February1, 2014as stated in their report, which is included in ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.Changes in Internal Control Over Financial ReportingThere were no changes in AFs internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter ended February1, 2014that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, AFs internal control over financial reporting83Table of ContentsItem1.BUSINESS3Item! 1A.RISK FACTORS7Item 1B.UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS20Item 2.PROPERTIES21Item 3.DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.Information concerning directors and executive officers of AF as well as persons nominated or chosen to become directors or executive officers is incorporated by reference from the text to be included under the caption PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS in AFs definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on June19, 2014and from the text under the caption SUPPLEMENTAL ITEM. EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT in PART I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.Compliance with Section16a of the Exchange ActInformation concerning beneficial ownership reporting compliance under Section16a of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is incorporated by reference from the text to be included under the caption SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT Section16a Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance in AFs definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on June19, 2014.Code of Business Conduct and EthicsInformation concerning the Abercrombie Fitch Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is incorporated by reference from the text to be included under the caption PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Code of Business Conduct and Ethics in AFs definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on June19, 2014.Audit CommitteeInformation concerning AFs Audit Committee, including the determination that the Audit Committee has at least one audit committee financial expert as defined under applicable SEC rules serving on the Audit Committee, is incorporated by reference from the text to be included under the caption PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Committees of the Board Audit Committee in AFs definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on June19, 2014.Procedures by which Stockholders May Recommend Nominees to AFs Board of DirectorsInformation concerning the procedures by which stockholders of AF may recommend nominees to AFs Board of Directors is incorporated by reference from the text to be included under the captions PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Director Qualifications and Consideration of Director Candidates and PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Director Nominations in AFs definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on June19, 2014. These procedures have not materially changed from those described in AF definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on June 20, 201385Table of Contents