ITEM 8.FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 1. INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The following Consolidated Financial Statements are filed as part of this report  PageNo. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 55 
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of July 2, 2011 and July 3, 2010 56 
Consolidated Statements of Operations for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended July 2, 2011 57 
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity and Comprehensive Income for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended July 2, 2011 58 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended July 2, 2011 59 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 60 2. INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE The following financial statement schedule of Pericom Semiconductor Corporation for the years ended July 2, 2011, July 3, 2010 and June 27, 2009 is filed as part of this report and should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements of Pericom Semiconductor Corporation. Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended July 2, 2011 Sii Schedules other than those listed above have been omitted since they are either not required, not applicable or the information is otherwise included.  46  Item1 Business 3 Item 1A Risk Factors 17 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 27 Item2 Properties 27 Item3 Legal Proceedings 28 Item4 Removed and Reserved 28 
PARTII
Item5.CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Remediation of Material Weaknesses Previously Disclosed As discussed in Item 9A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the years ended July 3, 2010 and June 27, 2009, and in Part I, Item 4 of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ended September 26, 2009, December 26, 2009, and March 27, 2010, we identified two material weaknesses in the design and operation of our internal controls. The first involved certain controls over period-end inventory accounting that were not effective. As a result, our inventory valuation and inventory reserves were misstated. In addition, our new enterprise resource planning ERP system, which was implemented in the second quarter of fiscal 2009, contained programming errors that caused certain inventory items to be incorrectly valued. The second material weakness was that we did not maintain a sufficient complement of personnel with an appropriate level of accounting knowledge, experience and training in the application of generally accepted accounting principles commensurate with the Companys financial reporting requirements.As a result, we concluded that controls over the financial statement close process related to account reconciliations and analyses, including investment accounts, accounts receivable reserves, inventories, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, were not effective.As a result, a large volume of adjustments identified as part of the audit process were necessary to completely and accurately present the consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Throughout the first three quarters of fiscal 2011, we were engaged in the implementation and testing of remedial measures to address the above material weaknesses. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2011, we completed testing of the design and operating effectiveness of our internal controls to demonstrate their operating effectiveness over a period of time sufficient to support our conclusion that, as of July 2, 2011, we had remediated the previously reported material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. In addition to the substantial efforts taken to remediate the material weaknesses as described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 3, 2010,we implemented the following remedial actions in our internal control over financial reporting to address the previously reported material weaknesses during the year ended July 2, 2011  1. We continued to implement new policies and procedures focused on timely and accurate financial reporting and implement training and programs to focus on continuous improvements regarding the application of U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.More detailed reviews and analytical procedures were performed for significant accounts by management.  2. We implemented control procedures to ensure independent management oversight and perform review procedures over account reconciliations and analyses, particularly in the area of inventory and related reserves, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, revenue and accounts receivable reserves.Specifically, additional levels of review by more experienced and knowledgeable personnel were added and training of responsible employees on proper method to perform account reconciliations was implemented in the above areas.  3. We improved the discipline throughout the organization with respect to achieving greater compliance with policies, procedures, and controls that have been previously implemented, including reinforcing managements expectations to finance employees regarding adherence to our policies and procedures as part of period-end close meetings.  47   4. We hired a new Accounting Manager and Senior Cost Accountant with accounting knowledge, experience and training in the application of U.S. generally accepted accounting principles to further strengthen our controls over the monthly closing processes.  5. We engaged a qualified third party consulting firm to assist the Company in enhancing and re-engineering its existing enterprise-wide financial application to support the timeliness and accuracy of its period end reporting process. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Based on their evaluation as of July 2, 2011, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules13a-15e and 15d-15e, under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended the Exchange Act were effective to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by us in this Annual Report on Form10-K was recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and instructions for Form10-K and that such disclosure controls and procedures were also effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Managements Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule13a-15f of the Exchange Act. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of July 2, 2011. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria established in Internal Control- Integrated Frameworkissued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO.Our management has concluded that, as of July 2, 2011, our internal control over financial reporting is effective based on these criteria. Our independent registered public accounting firm, Burr Pilger Mayer, Inc., which audited the financial statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, independently assessed the effectiveness of the Companys internal control over financial reporting. Burr Pilger Mayer, Inc. has issued an attestation report, which appears as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our actions to remediate the material weakness as described above, collectively, represent changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended July 2, 2011 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B.OTHER INFORMATION None  48  REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING To the Board of Directors and Shareholders
of Pericom Semiconductor Corporation We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Pericom Semiconductor Corporation and its subsidiaries the Company as of July 2, 2011, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO. The Companys management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Managements Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, included in Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the effectiveness of the Companys internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We conducted our audit of internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. A companys internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A companys internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that 1 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 2 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 3 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the companys assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of July 2, 2011, based on the COSO criteria. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the consolidated balance sheets of Pericom Semiconductor Corporation and its subsidiaries as of July 2, 2011 and July 3, 2010, and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders equity and comprehensive income, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended July 2, 2011, and the related financial statement schedule and our report dated August 29, 2011 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements and the related financial statement schedule. s/ Burr Pilger Mayer, Inc. San Jose, California
August 29, 2011  49  PART III 