Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
The report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, Consolidated Financial Statements, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and Index follow.
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
The Board of Directors and Shareholders of
Sonic Solutions:
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Sonic Solutions and subsidiaries as of March31, 2006, and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders equity and comprehensive income and cash flows for the year then ended. We have also audited the schedule listed in the accompanying index on page 96. These consolidated financial statements and the schedule are the responsibility of the Companys management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements and the schedule based on our audits.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Sonic Solutions and subsidiaries as of March31, 2006, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Also in our opinion, the related schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly, in all material respects the 2006 information set forth therein.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standard of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the effectiveness of Sonic Solutions internal control over financial reporting as of March31, 2006, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO, and our report dated June 14, 2006 expressed an unqualified opinion on managements assessment of, and an adverse opinion on the effective operation of, internal control over financial reporting.
/s/ BDO Seidman, LLP
San Francisco, California
June 13, 2006 55 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
The Board of Directors and Shareholders of
Sonic Solutions:
We have audited managements assessment, included in the accompanying Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting at 