Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. The information required by Item 8 of Part II is incorporated herein by reference to the Consolidated Financial Statements filed with this report; see  of Part IV. Item 1A. Risk Factors 8 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 16 Item 2. Properties 17 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 17 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 18 Part II Item 5. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Under the supervision and with the participation of the Companys management, including the Companys Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Company carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Companys disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2015. Based upon this evaluation, the Companys Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Companys disclosure controls and procedures are effective. Inherent Limitations of Internal Controls over Financial Reporting The Companys internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Companys internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: i pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Companys assets; ii provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that the Companys receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the Companys management and directors; and iii provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Companys assets that could have a material effect on the Companys financial statements. Management, including the Companys Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that the Companys internal controls will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of internal controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. Also, any evaluation of the effectiveness of controls in future periods are subject to the risk that those internal controls may become inadequate because of changes in business conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Managements Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting The Companys management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Under the supervision and with the participation of the Companys management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Company evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of its internal control over financial reporting based on the framework established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission 2013 framework. Based on that evaluation, the Companys Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Companys internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2015. The Companys independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst Young LLP, has issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of the Companys internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015, a copy of which is included in this report on Form 10-K. 37 Table of Contents Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting On January 31, 2015, the Company acquired the Plant Equipment Group. The Company has begun to integrate policies, processes, people, technology and operations of Plant Equipment Group with those of the Company and is evaluating and will continue to evaluate the impact of any changes to internal control over financial reporting. Except for any changes in internal controls related to the integration of Plant Equipment Group into the post acquisition combined Company, there has been no change in the Companys internal controls over financial reporting for the quarter ended December 31, 2015 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Companys internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B.
Other Information. None. 38 Table of Contents PART III 