Item 8 and accrued milestone payment includes the milestone payment incurred in 2014 under the Wyeth agreement see above for
further discussion. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We are not involved
in any off-balance sheet agreements that have or are reasonably likely to have a material future effect on our financial condition,
changes in financial condition, revenue or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. Item
7A. QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK The primary objective
of our investment activities is preservation of capital, with the secondary objective of maximizing income. As of December 31,
2015, we had cash and cash equivalents of $931 million, marketable securities of $1375 million, all of which are short-term,
and working capital of $2108 million. Our exposure to market
risk is primarily confined to our investment portfolio. As of December 31, 2015, our investments were classified as available-for-sale.
We do not believe that a change in the market rates of interest would have any significant impact on the realizable value of our
investment portfolio. Changes in interest rates may affect the investment income we earn on our marketable securities when they
mature and the proceeds are reinvested into new marketable securities and, therefore, could impact our cash flows and results of
operations. Interest and dividend
income is recorded when earned and included in investment income. Premiums and discounts, if any, on marketable securities are
amortized or accreted to maturity and included in investment income. The specific identification method is used in computing realized
gains and losses on the sale of our securities. We are headquartered
in the U.S. where we conduct the vast majority of our business activities. We have one foreign consolidated subsidiary, Novavax
AB, which is located in Sweden. A 10% decline in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and Swedish Krona would result in a
reduction of stockholders equity of approximately $28 million at December 31, 2015. At December 31, 2015,
we did not have material debt and, as such, do not believe that we are exposed to any material interest rate risk as a result of
our borrowing activities.   56
Item
8.FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA The information required
by this item is set forth on pages F-1 to F-28. 