Item8. 
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.
All information required by this item is included in the financial statements which follow the signature page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated into this item by reference. Item 1.
Business
2 Item 1A.
Risk Factors
21 Item 1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments
44 Item 2.
Properties
45 Item 3.
Legal Proceedings
45 Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures
45 PART II Item 5.
Controls and Procedures.
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15e under the Exchange Act, that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms and that such information is communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer principal executive officer and Chief Financial Officer principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, but not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Our disclosure controls and procedures have been designed to meet the reasonable assurance standards. Additionally, in designing disclosure controls and procedures, our management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible disclosure controls and procedures. The design of any disclosure controls and procedures is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions.
As required by Rule 13a-15b or Rule 15d-15b of the Exchange Act, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer principal executive officer and Chief Financial Officer principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December31, 2015. Based on the foregoing, our Chief Executive Officer principal executive officer and Chief Financial Officer principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December31, 2015 at the reasonable assurance level.
Managements Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15f and 15d-15f. Management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, has conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework set forth in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework 2013issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation under the framework set forth in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework 2013, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December31, 2015.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2015, has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears elsewhere herein.
68
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
There were no changes in internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December31, 2015, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item9B.
Other Information.
None. 69
PART III
The information required by PartIII is omitted from this Annual Report on Form10-K since we intend to file our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, pursuant to Regulation14A of the Exchange Act, not later than 120days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form10-K, and certain information to be included in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 