ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA  The financial statements and supplementary data required by this item are set forth at the end of this annual report on Form 10-K beginning on page F-1 and are incorporated into this item by reference. 
20 Table of Contents
Item1 Business
1
Item2 Properties
12
Item3 Legal Proceedings
12
Item4 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
12 PART II  Item5. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  As of the end of
the period covered by this annual report on Form 10-K, we evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. That evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of our
management, including our Chief Executive Officer, who also serves as our Chief Financial Officer. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective in alerting him of
information relating to Document Sciences that is required to be included in our periodic SEC filings.  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  We have made no significant change in our internal control over financial reporting during the most recent fiscal quarter covered by this report on Form 10-K that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  
Item1 Business
1
Item2 Properties
12
Item3 Legal Proceedings
12
Item4 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
12 PART II  Item5. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT  The information required by this item concerning our directors and certain information regarding our executive officers is incorporated by reference to the information set forth in the sections entitled Election
of Directors Nominees, Compensation of Executive Officers, Section 16a Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance and Board Meetings and CommitteesAudit Committee in our Proxy Statement for the
2005 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.  Executive Officers of Document
Sciences  The executive officers of Document Sciences and
their ages, as of March 24, 2005, are as follows:  Name
Age
Position
John L. McGannon
44
President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
Daniel J. Fregeau
48
Executive Vice President
Nasser S. Barghouti, PhD.
41
Chief Technology Officer
Peter M. Riccio
49
Senior Vice President of Sales
J. Douglas Winter
37
General Manager of Technical Operations
Tao Ye
38
General Manager of Asian Operations
John L.
McGannon has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer since January 2001 and Chief Financial Officer since December 1999. He has also served as Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer and Controller since joining Document
Sciences in September 1998. From June 1997 through August 1998, Mr. McGannon served as the Manager of Financial Analysis and Planning for Simulation Sciences, Inc., a California- 
21 Table of Contents
based software developer for the oil and chemical engineering industries. Mr. McGannon worked for Chevron Corporation
from 1988 to 1997 in a variety of financial management positions. Mr. McGannon holds a BA degree from Stanford University and an MBA from Carnegie Mellon University.  Daniel J. Fregeau has served as our Executive Vice President since January 2001. From 1998 to 2001, he served as Vice
President of Worldwide Sales and Business Development. From 1997 to 1998, he served as Vice President, Business Development. From 1994 to 1997, he served as Vice President, Marketing and from 1992 to 1994, he served as Vice President, Sales. Before
joining Document Sciences, Mr. Fregeau was Marketing Manager for the Networking Division of Sears Business Centers, San Diego, from 1990 to 1992. Mr. Fregeau was a founder and principal of MicroAge in San Diego from 1988 to 1990. From 1982 to 1988,
Mr. Fregeau held several positions with Xerox Corporations Electronic Publishing Business Unit including Manager of Systems Engineering and Integration, Technical Program Manager and Project Manager. While at Xerox, Mr. Fregeau designed and
directed the development of several publishing products and was a key contributor to the launch of the XICS now CompuSet product in the U.S. and Canada.  Nasser S. Barghouti, PhD. has served as our Chief Technology Officer since July 2004. Prior to joining Document Sciences, Mr. Barghouti co-founded
Objectiva Software Solutions in August 2001 and served as Chief Technology Officer. Prior to founding Objectiva, he served as the Global Director of Technology at ONEWORLD Software Solutions from 2000 to 2001, where he was responsible for setting
the technology direction of the company, and for providing technical oversight on software projects. Mr. Barghouti was also Associate Director of Information Technology at Bear Stearns Co. in New York City, one of the worlds leading
investment banks and brokerage clearing houses. He served as a Senior Member of the Technical Staff at ATT Research Labs in Florham Park, NJ and Bell Labs in Murray Hill, NJ. Mr. Barghouti received his BS, MS and PhD all in Computer Science
from Columbia University. He has published dozens of papers in referenced journals and international conferences, and has given numerous presentations at leading research labs and scientific forums.  Peter M. Riccio has served as our Senior Vice President of Sales since
June 2004. Prior to joining Document Sciences, Mr. Riccio served as Vice President of Sales at Planitax, Inc. in 2003 and Saba Software from 1999 to 2003. Mr. Riccio also held executive-level sales positions at PeopleSoft, Inc. and Ardent Software,
Inc. Mr. Riccios experience also includes sales positions at Hewlett-Packard and Informix Software.  J. Douglas Winter has served as our General Manager of Technical Operations since July 2004. Prior to joining Document Sciences, Mr. Winter
co-founded Objectiva Software Solutions in August 2001 and served as CEO. Previously, he served as General Manager of ONEWORLD Software Solutions California client service centers from 1999 to 2001, establishing their west coast operations and
also served as part of their global operations committee, responsible for formulating and executing strategic operations. Mr. Winter also served as Program Manager for Qualcomms 3500 series of CDMA base stations and later was responsible for
the product certification and testing of the QUALCOMM Thin Phone QCP 860/1960. Mr. Winter holds a MSEE and a MBA from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a BSEE from Virginia Technological University. Following his undergraduate work, he
worked for three years for Westinghouse where he was an instructor for the US Navys nuclear training program.  Tao Ye has served as our General Manager of Asian Operations since July 2004. Prior to joining Document Sciences, Mr. Ye co-founded Objectiva
Software Solutions in August 2001 and was Chief Operating Officer and President of Objectiva Software Solutions in China. Previously, he served as General Manager of the ONEWORLD Softwares Greater China Division from 1999 to 2001. Prior to
ONEWORLD, Mr. Ye was Program Manager for Intel Materials eBusiness effort and also worked for Eastman Kodak Company where he designed and implemented Kodaks supply chain for Greater China Region. He holds an MBA from the MIT Sloan School of
Business, a M.S. in Mechanical Engineering from the MIT School of Engineering, a M.S. in Materials Science from the University of California Santa Barbara and a B.S. in Mathematical Mechanics from Peking Beijing University.  Executive officers are appointed by the Board of Directors and serve at the
discretion of the Board. There are no family relationships among any directors or executive officers of Document Sciences.  Code of Ethics  We have a code of ethics that applies to all our employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting
officer, controller and persons performing similar functions, as well as our 
22 Table of Contents
directors. Our code of ethics is posted on our website at www.docscience.com and is included under Exhibit 141 to this
annual report. If you would like a complementary copy of our code of ethics, please write to Document Sciences Corp, 6339 Paseo del Lago, Carlsbad, CA 92009, Attn: Corporate Secretary. We will disclose any waivers of, or amendments to, the code of
ethics that applies to any of our senior and executive officers, controller and persons performing similar functions on our website.  
