ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
Reference is made to the Index to Financial Statements which appears on page
F-1 of this report. The Report of Independent Accountants, Financial Statements
and Notes to Financial Statements which are listed in the Index to Financial
Statements and which appear beginning on page F-2 of this report are
incorporated into this Item 8.
Item 1.    1
Item 1A. COMPANY RISK   12
Item 2.   22
Item 3. LEGAL   22
Item 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS.  23
PART II
Item 5. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
The following table presents our directors and executive officers, their
ages and the positions held by them as of December 31, 2000       Name      Age           Position
Gerald W. Kearby. 53 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director
Robert G. Flynn. 46 Senior Vice President of Business Development
and Secretary
Philip R. Wiser. 34 Senior Vice President of Engineering, Chief
Technical Officer and Director
Richard W. Wingate. 48 Senior Vice President of Content Development
and Label Relations
James Lynch III. 37 Vice President of Information Technology
resigned February 2001
Kevin M. Malone. 35 Vice President of Business Development, Europe
Mathieu Charly Prevost. 52 Vice President of Promotions
Andrea Cook Fleming. 34 Vice President of Corporate Marketing
Leon Rishniw. 35 Vice President of Engineering
Paul W. Melnychuck. 41 Vice President of Sales and Business
Development
Ann Winblad. 50 Director
Silvia Kessel. 49 Director
Sanford R. Climan. 45 Director resigned March 2001  Mr. Kearby co-founded Liquid Audio in January 1996. Since January 1996, Mr.
Kearby has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer and one of our
directors. From June 1995 to December 1995, Mr. Kearby was co-founder and Chief
Executive Officer of Integrated Media Systems, a manufacturer of computer-based
professional audio equipment. From January 1989 until June 1995, Mr. Kearby
served as Vice President of Sales and Marketing at Studer Editech Corporation,
a professional audio recording equipment company. Mr. Kearby holds a B.A. in
broadcast management and audio engineering from San Francisco State University.
Mr. Flynn co-founded Liquid Audio in January 1996. Since July 1999, Mr.
Flynn has served as our Senior Vice President of Business Development and
Secretary. From January 1996 to July 1999, Mr. Flynn served as our Vice
President of Business Development and Secretary. Mr. Flynn also served as our
Chief Financial Officer from January 1996 to August 1997 and as one of our
directors from January 1996 to June 1996. From March 1987 until November 1995,
Mr. Flynn served as a general partner of Entertainment Media Venture Partners
I, L.P., an institutional venture capital fund investing in the entertainment,
media and communications technology industries. During this time, Mr. Flynn
also served on the board of directors of Integrated Media Systems. Mr. Flynn
holds a B.A. in English from Stanford University and an M.B.A. from University
of California at Los Angeles.
Mr. Wiser co-founded Liquid Audio in January 1996. Since July 1999, Mr.
Wiser has served as our Senior Vice President of Engineering and Chief
Technical Officer. From May 1996 to July 1999, Mr. Wiser served as our Vice
President of Engineering and from November 1998 to July 1999 as our Chief
Technical Officer. Since June 1996, he has also served as one of our directors.
From July 1995 to May 1996, Mr. Wiser served as a senior software engineer,
directing audio compression work at Chromatic Research, a multimedia
semiconductor device company. From October 1994 to July 1995, Mr. Wiser was a
senior software engineer and the director of digital signal processing research
for Studer Editech Corporation. From June 1994 to October 1994, Mr. Wiser was a
software engineer for Sonic Solutions, a developer of digital media tools. Mr.
Wiser holds a B.S. in electrical engineering from the University of Maryland,
College Park and an M.S. in electrical engineering from Stanford University.
Mr. Wingate has served as our Senior Vice President of Content Development
and Label Relations since November 1999 and as our Vice President of Content
Development and Label Relations since August 1998.
37 Mr. Wingate operated his own new media marketing consulting company, Wingate
Marketing, from July 1996 until June 1998. From August 1997 to June 1998, Mr.
Wingate was also a private music industry consultant. From June 1994 to July
1996, Mr. Wingate was Senior Vice President, Marketing for Arista Records
Incorporated, a music recording company. Prior to June 1994, Mr. Wingate held
several senior management positions with major music industry record labels,
including Polygram, Inc. and Columbia Records. Mr. Wingate holds a B.A. in
communications from Brown University.
Mr. Lynch served as our Vice President of Information Technology from
November 1999 to February 2001. From August 1997 to November 1999, Mr. Lynch
was Manager of Integration Services at Wells Fargo & Company, a banking
institution. From November 1996 to August 1997, Mr. Lynch was an Internet
development consultant, providing services to several companies, including
Internet service providers. Prior to November 1996, Mr. Lynch owned Business
Link Communications, a prepress company, and worked as a music journalist and
artist manager. Mr. Lynch holds a B.A. in English from Columbia University.
Mr. Malone has served as our Vice President of Sales since February 1998.
From June 1997 to February 1998, Mr. Malone was our Director, International
Sales. From May 1993 to June 1997, Mr. Malone held a variety of positions at
Silicon Graphics, Inc., a manufacturer of work stations, servers and
supercomputing systems, including Manager, Strategic Marketing, Operations
Manager, Portugal and International Business Development Manager. Mr. Malone
holds a B.S. in business administration from the University of Arizona and an
M.B.A. in international business studies from the University of South Carolina.
Mr. Prevost has served as our Vice President of Promotions since December
1998. From April 1996 to November 1998, Mr. Prevost was Vice President, Retail
at The Album Network, a media company trade journal. Prior to April 1996, Mr.
Prevost was president of his own company, the Charly Prevost Company, a
multimedia management company. Mr. Prevost has also held several senior
management positions within the music recording industry, including president
of Island Records.
Ms. Fleming has served as our Vice President of Corporate Marketing since
June 1999. From February 1999 to June 1999, Ms. Fleming was our Director of
Corporate Marketing. From December 1995 to February 1999, Ms. Fleming served as
Public Relations Director at Netscape Communications Corporation, an Internet
services provider. From June 1994 to December 1995, Ms. Fleming was a Corporate
Public Relations Manager for Microsoft Corporation, a software company. Ms.
Fleming holds a B.A. in English from Stanford University.
Mr. Rishniw has served as our Vice President of Engineering since October
1999. He was originally employed by us as a software engineer in August 1996,
became one of our Development Managers in January 1997 and Director of
Engineering in November 1998. From May 1995 until August 1996, Mr. Rishniw
served as a senior software engineer for Studer Editech, a professional audio
recording equipment company. From August 1994 until May 1995, Mr. Rishniw
served as a software engineer for Signal Stream Technology, a medical imaging
technology provider. Mr. Rishniw holds a B.S. in engineering from Melbourne
Institute of Technology.
Mr. Melnychuck has served as our Vice President of Sales and Business
Development since February 2000. From April 1998 to February 2000, Mr.
Melnychuck served as Director of Corporate Marketing and Communications at
Digidesign, a manufacturer of digital audio workstations and a division of Avid
Technology, Inc. From May 1981 to April 1998, Mr. Melnychuck held a variety of
positions at Eastman Kodak Company, an imaging company, including Senior Vice
President and General Manager of Kodak Recording Products, a division of FPC,
Inc., a Kodak Company from January 1996 to April 1998 and other sales,
marketing, product development, manufacturing and research positions in prior
years. Mr. Melnychuck holds a B.S. in chemistry, a M.S. in imaging science from
Rochester Institute of Technology and a M.S. in electrical engineering from
National Technological University.
Ms. Winblad has served as one of our directors since May 1996. Ms. Winblad
has been a general partner of Hummer Winblad Venture Partners, a venture
capital investment firm, since 1989. She is a member of the
38 board of trustees of the University of St. Thomas and is an advisor to numerous
entrepreneurial groups such as the Software Development Forum and Software
Industry Business Practices. Ms. Winblad also serves on the boards of directors
of Net Perceptions Inc., a developer and supplier of realtime recommendation
technology for the Internet, The Knot, Inc., an Internet-based wedding services
company, and several private companies. Ms. Winblad holds a B.S. in mathematics
and business administration from the College of Saint Catherine and an M.A. in
education with an economics focus from the University of St. Thomas.
Ms. Kessel has served as one of our directors since October 1998. Since
November 1995, Ms. Kessel has held several positions at Metromedia
International Group, Inc., a global communications and media company, including
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. From January
1993 to June 1997, Ms. Kessel was Executive Vice President and a director of
Orion Pictures Corporation, a movie production company. Since January 1994, Ms.
Kessel has served as Senior Vice President of Metromedia Company, a privately-
held partnership. Ms. Kessel has also served as President of Kluge & Company, a
privately-held company, for over five years. Ms. Kessel is currently a director
and Executive Vice President of Metromedia Fiber Network, Inc., a fiber optic
network provider, and Big City Radio, Inc., an owner and operator of radio
station combinations in New York City, Chicago and Los Angeles. Ms. Kessel
received an M.B.A. in finance from Columbia University.
Mr. Climan served as one of our directors from April 1999 to March 2001.
Since February 1999, Mr. Climan has been President of Entertainment Media
Ventures, Inc., an investment and advisory company focused on traditional and
new media. From October 1995 to May 1997, Mr. Climan was Executive Vice
President and President of Worldwide Business Development for Universal
Studios, Inc., a media production company. From June 1997 to February 1999 and
from June 1986 to September 1995, Mr. Climan was a member of the senior
management team at Creative Artists Agency, a talent and literary
representation firm. Mr. Climan also serves on the boards of directors of
Equity Marketing, Inc., a provider of custom promotional programs, and Sunterra
Corporation, a developer and operator of vacation ownership resorts. Mr. Climan
holds a B.A. in chemistry from Harvard College, an M.S. in health policy and
management from the Harvard School of Public Health and an M.B.A. from Harvard
Business School.
Section 16a Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance
Section 16a of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires the Company
officers and directors, and persons who own more than 10% of a registered class
of the Company equity securities, to file certain reports regarding ownership
of, and transactions in, the Company securities with the Securities and
Exchange Commission SEC and with Nasdaq. Such officers, directors and 10%
shareholders are also required by SEC rules to furnish the Company with copies
of all Section 16a forms that they file.
Based solely on its review of copies of Forms 3 and 4 and amendments thereto
furnished to the Company pursuant to Rule 16a-e and Forms 5 and amendments
thereto furnished to the Company with respect to the last fiscal year, and any
written representations referred to in Item 405b2i of Regulation S-K
stating that no Forms 5 were applicable to the Company officers, directors
and 10% shareholders were complied with, except a late filing of a Form 4 by
Sanford Climan, resulting in one sales transaction not being reported on time
and a late filing of a Form 3 by Paul Melnychuck, resulting in his initial
holdings not being reported on time.
Board Composition
We currently have four directors. Sanford R. Climan resigned in March 2001
and did not have any disagreements with the other directors or our management.
Our restated certificate of incorporation divides our board of directors into
three classes: Class I, whose term will expire at the annual meeting of
stockholders to be held in 2003; Class II, whose term will expire at the annual
meeting of stockholders to be held in 2001; and Class III, whose term will
expire at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2002. The Class I
director position is vacant, the Class II directors are Silvia Kessel and Ann
Winblad and the Class III directors are
39 Gerald W. Kearby and Philip R. Wiser. At each annual meeting of stockholders
after the initial classification, the successors to directors whose terms have
expired will be elected to serve from the time of election and qualification
until the third annual meeting following their election. In addition, our
bylaws provide that the authorized number of directors may be changed only by
resolution of the board of directors. Any additional directorships resulting
from an increase in the number of directors will be distributed among the three
classes so that, as nearly as possible, each class will consist of one-third of
the total number of directors. This classification of the board of directors
may have the effect of delaying or preventing changes in our control or
management.
Each officer is elected by, and serves at the discretion of, the board of
directors. Each of our officers and directors, other than non-employee
directors, devotes his or her full time to our affairs. Our non-employee
directors devote the amount of time necessary to discharge their duties to us.
There are no family relationships among any of our directors, officers or key
employees.
Board Committees
The audit committee of the board of directors reviews our internal
accounting procedures and consults with and reviews the services provided by
our independent accountants. The audit committee currently consists of Silvia
Kessel and Ann Winblad. Sanford R. Climan served on the audit committee prior
to his resignation.
The compensation committee of the board of directors reviews and recommends
to the board of directors the compensation and benefits of all of our executive
officers, administers our stock and option plans and establishes and reviews
general policies relating to compensation and benefits of our employees. The
compensation committee currently consists of Ann Winblad and Silvia Kessel.
Sanford R. Climan served on the compensation committee prior to his
resignation. No interlocking relationships exist between our board of directors
or compensation committee and the board of directors or compensation committee
of any other company, nor has an interlocking relationship existed in the past.
Director Compensation
Our directors do not receive cash compensation for their service as members
of the board of directors, although they are reimbursed for certain expenses in
connection with attendance at board and committee meetings. Non-employee
directors are granted a fully vested option to purchase 30,000 shares of common
stock upon initial election and a fully vested option to purchase 10,000 shares
of common stock on each anniversary of becoming a director during their term of
service. We do not provide additional compensation for committee participation
or special assignments of the board of directors. In October 2000, we granted
Silvia Kessel, Ann Winblad and Sanford R. Climan an option to purchase 10,000
shares of common stock each.
Change of Control Arrangements
We have granted options to purchase common stock to James Lynch III. The
shares underlying the options are subject to a vesting schedule that
accelerates with respect to the lesser of 25% of the total number of shares
subject to each option or the remaining unvested shares upon certain corporate
transactions, as described in each individual option grant.
40 