ITEM8.Financial Statements And Supplementary DataINDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULE COVERED BY REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRMReports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms28Consolidated Balance Sheets at January31, 2014 and 201330Consolidated Statements of Operations for the two years ended January31, 201432Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the two years ended January31, 201433Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the two years ended January 31, 201434Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the two years ended January31, 201435Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements37Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts63All other financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto27Index to Financial StatementsREPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRMThe Board of Directors and StockholdersStreamline Health Solutions, Inc:We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. andsubsidiaries as of January31, 2014, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year ended January 31, 2014. In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, we also have audited the 2013 financial statement schedule II. These consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Companys management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audit.We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. and subsidiaries as of January31, 2014, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the year ended January 31, 2014, in conformity with U.S.generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the related 2013 financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein.We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, Streamline Health Solutions, Inc.s internal control over financial reporting as of January31, 2014, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework 1992issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO, and our report dated June 13, 2014 expressed an adverse opinion on the effectiveness of the Companys internal control over financial reporting./s/KPMG LLPAtlanta, GeorgiaJune13, 2014 28Index to Financial StatementsREPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRMBoard of Directors and StockholdersStreamline Health Solutions, Inc.Atlanta, GeorgiaWe have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. and subsidiaries the Company as of January31, 2013 and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for the year then ended. In connection with our audit of the financial statements, we have also audited the financial statement schedule listed in the accompanying index. These financial statements and schedule are the responsibility of the Companys management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and schedule based on our audit.We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform an audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Companys internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements and schedule. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. and subsidiaries at January31, 2013, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.Also, in our opinion, the financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein.Chicago, Illinois/s/BDO USA, LLPApril 26, 201329Index to Financial StatementsSTREAMLINE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARYCONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETSJanuary 3120142013ASSETSCurrent assets:Cash and cash  receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $267,264 and $133,765,   hardware and third party software for future delivery25,64022,777Prepaid client maintenance  prepaid  income taxes95,498Other current assets144,049110,555Total current  assets:Property and equipment:Computer   furniture, fixtures and   depreciation and  and equipment, net919,0441,198,805Contract receivables, less current  software development costs, net of accumulated amortization of $7,949,352 and $17,464,601,  assets,  financing costs, net of accumulated amortization of $98,102 and $196,947,  non-current assets500,634383,708Total non-current  accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements30Index to Financial  AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITYCurrent liabilities:Accounts   other  portion of long-term   consideration for earn-out1,319,559Current portion of note payable300,000Current portion of capital lease obligation105,573Deferred income tax liabilities35,619Total current  liabilities:Term   liability2,264,000Swap contract111,086Note payable600,000Lease incentive liability, less current portion74,43499,579Capital lease obligation121,089Deferred income tax  non-current   A 0% Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock, $01 par value per share, $8,849,985 and $11,999,985 redemption value, 4,000,000 shares authorized, 2,949,995 and 3,999,995 issued and outstanding, net of unamortized preferred stock discount of $3,250,317 and $4,234,269,  equity:Common stock, $01 par value per share, 25,000,000 shares authorized; 18,175,787 and 12,643,620 shares issued and outstanding,  paid in   other comprehensive loss111,086Total stockholders  accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements31Index to Financial StatementsSTREAMLINE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARYCONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONSFiscal Year20132012Revenues:Systems   and  as a   expenses:Cost of systems sales3,142,5252,747,230Cost of  of maintenance and support3,460,5003,245,569Cost of software as a  general and  and  operating  loss6,318,031834,931Other expense income:Interest  on conversion of convertible notes5,970,002Loss on early extinguishment of debt160,713Miscellaneous expenses income3,573,091494,677Loss before income  tax benefit100,4582,888,537Net  deemed dividends on Series A Preferred Shares1,180,904176,048Net loss attributable to common  net loss per common share$094$048Number of shares used in basic per common share  net loss per common share$094$048Number of shares used in diluted per common share  accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements32Index to Financial StatementsSTREAMLINE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARYCONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSSFiscal Year20132012Net  comprehensive loss, net of tax:Fair value of interest rate swap   accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements33Index to Financial StatementsSTREAMLINE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARYCONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITYCommon stock sharesCommon stockAdditional paid in  stockholders equityBalance at January 31,  issued to Employee Stock Purchase Plan and exercise of stock  stock  of note payable,  consideration for  of common stock   of common stock warrants to  conversion feature of Series A Preferred  compensation expense956,144956,144Deemed dividends on Series A Preferred  of Series A Preferred Stock at fair  of preferred stock to temporary equity at redemption   at January 31,  issued to Employee Stock Purchase Plan and exercise of stock  stock  of Series A Preferred  consideration for earn-out settlement, Interpoint  of common  stock issuance  valuation  rate  compensation  dividends on Series A Preferred   at January 31,  accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements34Index to Financial StatementsSTREAMLINE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARYCONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWSFiscal Year20132012Operating activities:Net  to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by used in operating activities, net of effect of  of capitalized software development  of intangible  of other deferred  of debt discount4,327111,583Valuation adjustment for warrants  tax expense  adjustment for contingent earn-out3,580,44186,839Other valuation adjustments95,368Net loss from conversion of convertible notes5,970,002Loss from early extinguishment of debt160,713Share-based compensation  for accounts  in assets and liabilities, net of assets acquired:Accounts and contract   payable275,360526,149Accrued  revenues152,210180,200Net cash provided by used in operating  activities:Purchases of property and  of software development  for  cash used in investing  activities:Proceeds from term  repayments on term  payments on capital lease obligation34,391Payment of deferred financing  from private placement12,000,000Proceeds from exercise of stock options and stock purchase  of earn-out  from the sale of common stock20,586,619Payment of debt success fee1,124,279467,906Net cash provided by financing  in cash and cash  and cash equivalents at beginning of year7,500,2562,243,054Cash and cash equivalents at end of  cash flow disclosures:Interest  taxes paid$375,688$84,99035Index to Financial StatementsFiscal Year20132012Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activities:Conversion of $3,000,000 note payable to common shares$$3,116,182Conversion of 1,050,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock to common shares$3,150,000$Issuance of 393,086 shares of common stock, as part of Meta purchase price$$1,501,609Issuance of 400,000 shares of common stock, as part of settlement of earn-out  of $900,000 note payable as part of settlement of earn-out consideration$900,000$Deemed dividends on Series A Preferred  of warrants to placement  of warrants from equity to warrants  of notes issued in conjunction with the private placement to Series A Preferred Stock, at fair value$$9,182,652Interest rate swap contract$111,086$See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements36Index to Financial StatementsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATMENTSNOTE 1 ORGANIZATION AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESSStreamline Health Solutions, Inc. and subsidiary the Company operates in one segment as a provider of healthcare information technology through the licensing of its Electronic Health Information Management, Patient Financial Services, Coding and Clinicial Documentation Improvement and other Workflow software applications and the use of such applications by software as a service. The Company also provides implementation and consulting services to complement its software solutions. The Companys software and services enable hospitals and integrated healthcare delivery systems in the United States and Canada to capture, store, manage, route, retrieve, and process vast amounts of patient clinical, financial and other healthcare provider information.Fiscal YearAll references to a fiscal year refer to the fiscal year commencing February1 in that calendar year and ending on January 31of the following year.NOTE 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIESBasis of PresentationThe consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Streamline Health, Inc. All significant intercompany transactions are eliminated in consolidation.Use of EstimatesThe preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates.Cash and Cash EquivalentsFinancial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash demand deposits. Cash deposits are placed in Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insured financial institutions. Cash deposits may exceed FDIC insured levels from time to time. For purposes of the Consolidated Balance Sheets and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, the Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash  and contract receivables are comprised of amounts owed to the Company for licensed software, professional services, including maintenance services and software as a service and are presented net of the allowance for doubtful accounts. The timing of revenue recognition may not coincide with the billing terms of the client contract, resulting in unbilled receivables or deferred revenues; therefore certain contract receivables represent revenues recognized prior to client billings. Individual contract terms with clients or resellers determine when receivables are due. For billings where the criteria for revenue recognition have not been met, deferred revenue is recorded until all revenue recognition criteria have been met.Allowance for Doubtful AccountsIn determining the allowance for doubtful accounts, aged receivables are analyzed monthly by management. Each identified receivable is reviewed based upon the most recent information available, including client comments, if any, and the status of any open or unresolved issues with the client preventing the payment thereof. Corrective action, if necessary, is taken by the Company to resolve open issues related to unpaid receivables. During these monthly reviews, the Company determines the required allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the unwillingness or inability of its clients or resellers to make required payments. The allowance for doubtful accounts was $267,000and $134,000at January31, 2014and 2013, respectively. The Company believes that its reserve is adequate, however results may differ in future periods.Concessions AccrualIn determining the concession accrual, the Company evaluates historical concessions granted relative to revenue. The concession accrual was $58,000and $0at January31, 2014and 2013, respectively37Index to Financial StatementsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedBad debt expense for fiscal years 2013and 2012are as follows:20132012Bad debt  and EquipmentProperty and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method, over the estimated useful lives of the related assets. Estimated useful lives are as follows:Computer equipment and software3-4yearsOffice equipment5 yearsOffice furniture and fixtures7 yearsLeasehold  expense for property and equipment in fiscal 2013and 2012was $718,000and $726,000, respectively.Normal repair and maintenance is expensed as incurred. Replacements are capitalized and the property and equipment accounts are relieved of the items being replaced or disposed of, if no longer of value. The related cost and accumulated depreciation of the disposed assets are eliminated and any gain or loss on disposition is included in the results of operations in the year of disposal.LeasesIn fiscal 2010, the Company entered into a Second Amendment to the Lease Agreement signed in fiscal 2005 for the Cincinnati office location. The lease term expires July31, 2015. In connection with the amendment, the property owner provided certain lease inducements to the Company, including a threemonth rent allowance equivalent to $42,000. The rent allowance is granted in threeequal allotments on the first, second, and third anniversaries of the amendment execution date. The Company has accounted for the value of these inducements by recognizing the total allowance benefit over the term of the lease, and recording rent expense on a straight-line basis.On April 10, 2012, the Company entered into an amended lease obligation to lease 8,582square feet of office space in the same building as the assumed Interpoint lease, at 1230 Peachtree St. NE in Atlanta, GA. The lease commenced upon taking possession of the space and ends 72months thereafter. The Company took possession of the space during the third quarter of fiscal 2012. Upon relocation, the Company completely vacated the previously leased premises within the building. The provisions of the lease provide for rent abatement for the first fourmonths of the lease term. Upon taking possession of the premises, the rent abatement was aggregated with the total expected rental payments, and is being amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. On December 13, 2013, the Company entered into an amended lease obligation to lease 24,335square feet of office space in the same building as the office space in Atlanta, GA. The lease commences upon taking possession of the space and ends 102months thereafter. The Company took possession of the new space during the second quarter of fiscal 2014. Upon relocation, the Company completely vacated the previously leased premises within the building. The provisions of the lease provide for rent abatement for the first eightmonths of the lease term. Upon taking possession of the premises, the rent abatement and the unamortized balance of deferred rent associated with the previously leased premises will be aggregated with the total expected rental payments, and will be amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the new lease. On August 16, 2012, as part of the acquisition of Meta Health Technology, the Company assumed a lease agreement for office space of approximately 10,000square feet in size, at 330 Seventh Ave., 14th floor, New York, NY. This lease term expires on August 31, 2014. During the third quarter of fiscal 2014, the Company is relocating its New York office to a new location with 10,350 sq. feet.The Company has a capital lease to finance office equipment purchases. The balance of fixed assets is $261,000and $0as of January31, 2014and 2013, respectively, and the balance of accumulated depreciation is $76,000and $0for the respective periods. The amortization expense of leased assets is included in depreciation expense.Debt Issuance CostsCosts related to the issuance of debt are capitalized and amortized to interest expense using the effective interest rate method over the term of the related debt38Index to Financial StatementsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedInterest Rate SwapThe Company has entered into a hedging relationship via an interest rate swap agreement to hedge against interest rate exposure of its variable rate debt obligation. The interest rate swap settles any accrued interest for cash on the first day of each calendar month until expiration. At such dates, the differences to be paid or received on the interest rate swaps will be included in interest expense. The interest rate swap qualifies for cash flow hedge accounting treatment and as such, the change in the fair values of the interest rate swap is recorded on the Company consolidated balance sheet as an asset or liability with the effective portion of the interest rate swaps' gains or losses reported as a component of other comprehensive loss and the ineffective portion reported in loss. As interest expense is accrued on the debt obligation, amounts in accumulated other comprehensive loss related to the interest rate swaps will be reclassified into loss to obtain a net cost on the debt obligation equal to the effective yield of the fixed rate of each swap. In the event that an interest rate swap is terminated prior to maturity, gains or losses accumulated in other comprehensive loss or loss remain deferred and are reclassified into earnings in the periods during which the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. The fair value of the Company interest rate swap is based on Level2 inputs as described in ASC Topic 820,Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, which include observable inputs such as dealer quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities, and represents the estimated amount the Company would receive or pay to terminate the agreement taking into consideration various factors, including current interest rates, credit risk and counterparty credit risk. Impairment of Long-Lived AssetsThe Company reviews the carrying value of the long-lived assets whenever facts and circumstances exist that would suggest that assets might be impaired or that the useful lives should be modified. Among the factors the Company considers in making the evaluation are changes in market position and profitability. If facts and circumstances are present which may indicate impairment is probable, the Company will prepare a projection of the undiscounted cash flows of the specific asset and determine if the long-lived assets are recoverable based on these undiscounted cash flows. If impairment is indicated, an adjustment will be made to reduce the carrying amount of these assets to their fair value.Capitalized Software Development CostsSoftware development costs associated with the planning and designing phase of software development, including coding and testing activities necessary to establish technological feasibility, are classified as research and development and are expensed as incurred. Once technological feasibility has been determined, a portion of the costs incurred in development, including coding, testing, and quality assurance, are capitalized and subsequently reported at the lower of unamortized cost or net realizable value. The Company capitalized such costs, including interest, of $614,000and $2,000,000in fiscal 2013and 2012, respectively. The Company acquired $3,646,000of internally developed software in 2012 through the acquisition described in Note 3 - Acquisitions.Amortization for the Company legacy software systems is provided on a solution-by-solution basis over the estimated economic life of the software, typically fiveyears, using the straight-line method. Amortization commences when a solution is available for general release to clients. Acquired internally developed software from the Interpoint and Meta acquisitions is amortized using the straight-line method. Amortization expense on all internally developed software was $3,192,000and $2,659,000in fiscal 2013and 2012, respectively. Research and development expense, net of capitalized amounts, was $7,088,000and $2,948,000in fiscal 2013and 2012, respectively.Fair Value of Financial InstrumentsThe FASBs authoritative guidance on fair value measurements establishes a framework for measuring fair value, and expands disclosure about fair value measurements. This guidance enables the reader of the financial statements to assess the inputs used to develop those measurements by establishing a hierarchy for ranking the quality and reliability of the information used to determine fair values. Under this guidance, assets and liabilities carried at fair value must be classified and disclosed in one of the following three categories: Level 1: Quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 2: Observable market based inputs or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data. Level 3: Unobservable inputs that are not corroborated by market data. 39Index to Financial StatementsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedThe carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate fair value based on the short-term maturity of these instruments. Cash and cash equivalents are classified as Level 1. The carrying amount of the Companys long-term debt approximates fair value since the interest rates being paid on the amounts approximate the market interest rate. Long-term debt and the interest rate swap is classified as Level 2. The initial fair value of contingent consideration for earn-out, royalty liability, and warrants liability was determined by management with the assistance of an independent third-party valuation specialist, and by management thereafter. The Company used a binomial model and the Black-Scholes option pricing model to estimate the fair value of the contingent consideration for earn-out and warrants liability, respectively.The fair value of the royalty liability is determined based on the probability-weighted revenue scenarios for the Looking Glass product. The contingent consideration for royalty liability and warrants liability are classified as Level 3. Revenue RecognitionThe Company derives revenue from the sale of internally developed software either by licensing or by software as a service, through the direct sales force or through third-party resellers. Licensed, locally-installed, clients utilize the Companys support and maintenance services for a separate fee, whereas SaaS fees include support and maintenance. The Company also derives revenue from professional services that support the implementation, configuration, training, and optimization of the applications. Additional revenues are also derived from reselling third-party software and hardware components.The Company recognizes revenue in accordance with ASC 985-605, Software-Revenue Recognitionand ASC 605-25 Revenue Recognition Multiple-element arrangements. The Company commences revenue recognition when the following criteria all have been met:Persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists,Delivery has occurred or services have been rendered,The arrangement fees are fixed or determinable, andCollection is considered probableIf the Company determines that any of the above criteria have not been met, the Company will defer recognition of the revenue until all the criteria have been met. Maintenance and support and SaaS agreements entered into are generally non-cancelable, or contain significant penalties for early cancellation, although clients typically have the right to terminate their contracts for cause if the Company fails to perform material obligations. However, if non-standard acceptance periods or non-standard performance criteria, cancellation or right of refund terms are required, revenue is recognized upon the satisfaction of such criteria, as applicable.Revenues from resellers are recognized gross of royalty payments to resellers.Multiple Element ArrangementsThe Company applies the provisions of Accounting Standards Update No2009-13, Revenue Recognition Topic 605, Multiple-Deliverable Revenue Arrangements a consensus of the FASB Emerging Issues Task ForceASU 2009-13. ASU 2009-13 amended the accounting standards for revenue recognition for multiple deliverable revenue arrangements to:Provide updated guidance on how deliverables of an arrangement are separated, and how consideration is allocated;Eliminate the residual method and require entities to allocate revenue using the relative selling price method and;Require entities to allocate revenue to an arrangement using the estimated selling price ESP of deliverables if it does not have vendor specific objective evidence VSOE or third party evidence TPE of selling price.Terms used in evaluation are as follows:VSOE the price at which an element is sold as a separate stand-alone transactionTPE the price of an element, charged by another company that is largely interchangeable in any particular transactionESP the Companys best estimate of the selling price of an element of the transactionThe Company follows accounting guidance for revenue recognition of multiple-element arrangements to determine whether such arrangements contain more than one unit of accounting. Multiple-element arrangements require the delivery or performance of multiple solutions, services and/or rights to use assets. To qualify as a separate unit of accounting, the delivered item must have value to the client on a stand-alone basis. Stand-alone value to a client is defined in the guidance as those that can be sold separately by any vendor or the client could resell the item on a stand-alone basis. Additionally, if the 40Index to Financial StatementsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continuedarrangement includes a general right of return relative to the delivered item, delivery or performance of the undelivered item or items must be considered probable and substantially in the control of the vendor.The Company has a defined pricing methodology for all elements of the arrangement and proper review of pricing to ensure adherence to Company policies. Pricing decisions include cross-functional teams of senior management, which uses market conditions, expected contribution margin, size of the clients organization, and pricing history for similar solutions when establishing the selling price.Software as a ServiceThe Company uses ESP to determine the value for a software as a service arrangement as the Company cannot establish VSOE and TPE is not a practical alternative due to differences in functionality from the Company competitors. Similar to proprietary license sales, pricing decisions rely on the relative size of the client purchasing the solution, and include calculating the equivalent value of maintenance and support on a present value basis over the term of the initial agreement period. Typically revenue recognition commences upon client go-live on the system, and is recognized ratably over the contract term. The software portion of SaaS for Health Information Management HIM products does not need material modification to achieve its contracted function. The software portion of SaaS for the Company Patient Financial Services PFS products require material customization and setup processes to achieve their contracted function.System SalesThe Company uses the residual method to determine fair value for proprietary software license sold in a multi-element arrangement as the Company cannot establish fair value for all of the undelivered elements. Typically pricing decisions for proprietary software rely on the relative size and complexity of the client purchasing the solution. Third-party components are resold at prices based on a cost plus margin analysis. The proprietary software and third-party components do not need any significant modification to achieve its intended use. When these revenues meet all the criteria for revenue recognition, and are determined to be separate units of accounting revenue is recognized. Typically this is upon shipment of components or electronic download of software. Proprietary licenses are perpetual in nature, and license fees do not include rights to version upgrades, fixes or service packs.Maintenance and Support ServicesThe maintenance and support components are not essential to the functionality of the software and clients renew maintenance contracts separately from software purchases at renewal rates materially similar to the initial rate charged for maintenance on the initial purchase of software. The Company uses VSOE of fair value to determine fair value of maintenance and support services. Rates are set based on market rates for these types of services, and the Companys rates are comparable to rates charged by its competitors, which is based on the knowledge of the marketplace by senior management. Generally, maintenance and support is calculated as a percentage of the list price of the proprietary license being purchased by a client. Clients have the option of purchasing additional annual maintenance service renewals each year for which rates are not materially different from the initial rate, but typically include a nominal rate increase based on the consumer price index. Annual maintenance and support agreements entitle clients to technology support, upgrades, bug fixes and service packs.Term Licenses The Company cannot establish VSOE fair value of the undelivered element in term license arrangements. However, as the only undelivered element is post-contract customer support, the entire fee is recognized ratably over the contract term. Typically, revenue recognition commences once the client goes live on the system. Similar to proprietary license sales, pricing decisions rely on the relative size of the client purchasing the solution. The software portion of the Company coding and clinical documentation improvement solutions generally do not require material modification to achieve their contracted function. Professional ServicesProfessional services components that are not essential to the functionality of the software, from time to time, are sold separately by the Company. Similar services are sold by other vendors, and clients can elect to perform similar services in-house. When professional services revenues are a separate unit of accounting, revenues are recognized as the services are performed. Professional services components that are essential to the functionality of the software, and are not considered a separate unit of accounting, are recognized in revenue ratably over the life of the client, which approximates the duration of the initial contract term. The Company defers the associated direct costs for salaries and benefits expense for PFS contracts. As of January31, 2014and 2013, the Company had deferred costs of $441,000and $201,000, respectively. These deferred 41Index to Financial StatementsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continuedcosts will be amortized over the identical term as the associated SaaS revenues. Amortization expense of these costs was $110,000and $35,000in fiscal 2013and 2012, respectively.The Company uses VSOE of fair value based on the hourly rate charged when services are sold separately, to determine fair value of professional services. The Company typically sells professional services on a fixed-fee basis. The Company monitors projects to assure that the expected and historical rate earned remains within a reasonable range to the established selling price.ConcentrationsFinancial instruments, which potentially expose the Company to concentrations of credit risk, consist primarily of accounts receivable. The Companys accounts receivable are concentrated in the healthcare industry. However, the Companys clients typically are well-established hospitals, medical facilities, or major health information systems companies that resell the Companys solutions that have good credit histories. Payments from clients have been received within normal time frames for the industry. However, some hospitals and medical facilities have experienced significant operating losses as a result of limits on third-party reimbursements from insurance companies and governmental entities and extended payment of receivables from these entities is not uncommon.To date, the Company has relied on a limited number of clients and remarketing partners for a substantial portion of its total revenues. The Company expects that a significant portion of its future revenues will continue to be generated by a limited number of clients and its remarketing partners.The Company currently buys all of its hardware and some major software components of its healthcare information systems from third-party vendors. Although there are a limited number of vendors capable of supplying these components, management believes that other suppliers could provide similar components on comparable terms.Business CombinationsThe assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and contingent consideration are recorded at their fair value on the acquisition date with subsequent changes recognized in earnings. These estimates are inherently uncertain and are subject to refinement. Management develops estimates based on assumptions as a part of the purchase price allocation process to value the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the business combination date. As a result, during the preliminary purchase price measurement period, which may be up to one year from the business combination date, the Company may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. After the preliminary purchase price measurement period, the Company will record adjustments to assets acquired or liabilities assumed subsequent to the purchase price measurement period in operating expenses in the period in which the adjustments were determined.The Company records acquisition and transaction related expenses in the period in which they are incurred. Acquisition and transaction related expenses primarily consist of legal, banking, accounting and other advisory fees of third parties related to potential acquisitions.Goodwill and Intangible AssetsGoodwill and other intangible assets were recognized in conjunction with the Interpoint, Meta, and Clinical Looking Glass acquisitions. Identifiable intangible assets include purchased intangible assets with finite lives, which primarily consist of internally developed software, client relationships, supplier agreements, non-compete agreements, customer contracts, and license agreement. Finite-lived purchased intangible assets are amortized over their expected period of benefit, which generally ranges from oneto 15years, using the straight-line and undiscounted expected future cash flows methods. The indefinite-lived intangible asset relates to the Meta trade name; the indefinite-lived intangible asset is not amortized and is tested for impairment on at least an annual basis.The Company assesses the useful lives and possible impairment of existing recognized goodwill and intangible assets when an event occurs that may trigger such a review. Factors considered important which could trigger a review include:significant under performance relative to historical or projected future operating results;significant changes in the manner of use of the acquired assets or the strategy for the overall business;identification of other impaired assets within a reporting unit;disposition of a significant portion of an operating segment;significant negative industry or economic trends;significant decline in the Company stock price for a sustained period; and42Index to Financial StatementsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continueda decline in the market capitalization relative to the net book value.Determining whether a triggering event has occurred involves significant judgment by the Company.  The Company assesses goodwill annually during the fourth quarter, or more frequently when events and circumstances, such as the ones mentioned above, occur indicating that the recorded goodwill may be impaired. The Company did not note any of the above qualitative factors which would be considered a triggering event for impairment. In assessing qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the Company assesses relevant events and circumstances that may impact the fair value and the carrying amount of a reporting unit. The identification of relevant events and circumstances and how these may impact a reporting unit fair value or carrying amount involve significant judgments by management. These judgments include the consideration of macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, overall financial performance, events which are specific to the Company, and trends in the market price of the Company common stock. Each factor is assessed to determine whether it impacts the impairment test positively or negatively, and the magnitude of any such impact. The two-step goodwill impairment test requires the Company to identify its reporting units and to determine estimates of the fair values of those reporting units as of the impairment testing date. Reporting units are determined based on the organizational structure the entity has in place at the date of the impairment test. A reporting unit is an operating segment or component business unit with the following characteristics: a it has discrete financial information, b segment management regularly reviews its operating results generally an operating segment has a segment manager who is directly accountable to and maintains regular contact with the chief operating decision maker to discuss operating activities, financial results, forecasts, or plans for the segment, and c its economic characteristics are dissimilar from other units this contemplates the nature of the products and services, the nature of the production process, the type or class of customer for the products and services, and the methods used to distribute the products and services. The Company determined that it has one operating segment and one reporting unit. To conduct a quantitative two-step goodwill impairment test, the fair value of the reporting unit is first compared to its carrying value. If the reporting unit carrying value exceeds its fair value, the Company performs the second step and records an impairment loss to the extent that the carrying value of goodwill exceeds its implied fair value. The Company estimates the fair value of its reporting unit using a blend of market and income approaches. The market approach consists of two separate methods, including reference to the Company market capitalization, as well as the guideline publicly traded company method. The market capitalization valuation method is based on an analysis of the Company stock price on and around the testing date, plus a control premium. The guideline public company method was made by reference to a list of publicly traded software companies providing services to healthcare organizations, as determined by management. The market value of common equity for each comparable company was derived by multiplying the price per share on the testing date by the total common shares outstanding, plus a control premium. Selected valuation multiples are then determined and applied to appropriate financial statistics based on the Company historical and forecasted results. The Company estimates the fair value of its reporting unit using the income approach, via discounted cash flow valuation models which include, but are not limited to, assumptions such as a risk-free rate of return on an investment, the weighted average cost of capital of a market participant, and future revenue, operating margin, working capital and capital expenditure trends. Determining the fair values of reporting units and goodwill includes significant judgment by management, and different judgments could yield different results.The Company performed its annual assessment of goodwill during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013, using the two-step approach described above. The first step of the goodwill impairment test, used to identify potential impairment, compares the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill.  Based on the analysis performed for step one, the fair value of the reporting unit exceeded the carrying amount of the reporting unit, including goodwill, and therefore an impairment loss was not recognized. As the Company passed step one of the analysis, step two was not required.SeverancesFrom time to time, the Company will enter into termination agreements with associates that may include supplemental cash payments, as well as contributions to health and other benefits for a specific time period subsequent to termination. In fiscal 2013and 2012, we incurred $384,000and $866,000in severance expenses. At January31, 2014and 2013, we had accrued for zeroand $548,000in severances, respectively. Equity Awards43Index to Financial StatementsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedThe Company accounts for share-based payments based on the grant-date fair value of the awards with compensation cost recognized as expense over the requisite vesting period. The Company incurred total annual compensation expense related to stock-based awards of $1,661,000and $956,000in fiscal 2013and 2012, respectively.The fair value of the stock options granted in 2013and 2012was estimated at the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Option pricing model input assumptions such as expected term, expected volatility, and risk-free interest rate impact the fair value estimate. Further, the forfeiture rate impacts the amount of aggregate compensation. These assumptions are subjective and are generally derived from external such as, risk free rate of interest and historical data such as, volatility factor, expected term, and forfeiture rates. Future grants of equity awards accounted for as stock-based compensation could have a material impact on reported expenses depending upon the number, value and vesting period of future awards.The Company issues restricted stock awards in the form of Company common stock. The fair value of these awards is based on the market close price per share on the day of grant. The Company expenses the compensation cost of these awards as the restriction period lapses, which is typically a one-year service period to the Company.Common Stock WarrantsThe fair value of the common stock warrants are computed using the Black-Scholes option pricing model based on the following assumptions: annual volatility, risk-free rate, dividend yield and expected life. The model also includes assumptions to account for anti-dilutive provisions within the warrant agreement.Comprehensive LossTotal other comprehensive loss for fiscal years 2013 and 2012was$111,000and $0, respectively. Total other comprehensive loss relates to the change in the unrealized loss on the Company interest rate swap arrangement. The Company interest rate swap arrangement is further described in Note6-Debt.Income TaxesIncome taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and for tax credit and loss carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. In assessing net deferred tax assets, the Company considers whether it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The Company establishes a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of deferred tax assets will not be realized. See Note 8 for further details.The Company provides for uncertain tax positions and the related interest and penalties based upon managements assessment of whether certain tax positions are more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by tax authorities. At January31, 2014, the Company believes it has appropriately accounted for any uncertain tax positions. As part of the Meta acquisition the Company assumed a current liability for an uncertain tax position. The Company has recorded $181,000and $152,000of reserves for uncertain tax positions and corresponding interest and penalties as of January31, 2014and January31, 2013, respectively. Net Earnings Loss Per Common ShareThe Company presents basic and diluted earnings per share EPS data for its common stock. Basic EPS is calculated by dividing the net income attributable to shareholders of the Company by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is determined by adjusting the profit or loss attributable to shareholders and the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding adjusted for the effects of all dilutive potential common shares comprised of options granted, unvested restricted stocks, warrants and convertible preferred stock. Potential common stock equivalents that have been issued by the Company related to outstanding stock options, unvested restricted stock and warrants are determined using the treasury stock method, while potential common shares related to Series A Convertible Preferred Stock are determined using the if converted method.The Company unvested restricted stock awards and Series A Convertible Preferred stock are considered participating securities under ASC 260, Earnings Per Share which means the security may participate in undistributed earnings with common stock. The Company unvested restricted stock awards are considered participating securities because they entitle holders to non-forfeitable rights to dividends or dividend equivalents during the vesting term. The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock would be entitled to share in dividends, on an as-converted basis, if the holders of common stock were to receive dividends, other 44Index to Financial StatementsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continuedthan dividends in the form of common stock. In accordance with ASC 260, a company is required to use the two-class method when computing EPS when a company has a security that qualifies as a participating security. The two-class method is an earnings allocation formula that determines EPS for each class of common stock and participating security according to dividends declared or accumulated and participation rights in undistributed earnings. In determining the amount of net earnings to allocate to common stock holders, earnings are allocated to both common and participating securities based on their respective weighted-average shares outstanding for the period.  Diluted EPS for the Company common stock is computed using the more dilutive of the two-class method or the if-converted method.In accordance with ASC 260, securities are deemed to not be participating in losses if there is no obligation to fund such losses. For the years ended January31, 2014and 2013, the unvested restricted stock awards and the Series A Preferred Stock were not deemed to be participating since there was a net loss from operations for the years ended January31, 2014and 2013. As of January31, 2014and 2013, there were 2,949,995and 3,999,995shares of preferred stock outstanding, respectively, each share is convertible into one share of the Company common stock. For the years ended January31, 2014and 2013, the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock would have an anti-dilutive effect if included in Diluted EPS and, therefore, was not included in the calculation. As of January31, 2014and 2013, there were 29,698and 137,325unvested restricted shares of common stock outstanding, respectively. The unvested restricted shares at January31, 2014were excluded from the calculation as their effect would have been antidilutive.The following is the calculation of the basic and diluted net loss per share of common stock:Fiscal Year20132012Net  deemed dividends on Series A Preferred Stock1,180,904176,048Net loss attributable to common  average shares outstanding used in basic per common share  options and restricted stockNumber of average shares used in diluted per common share  net loss per share of common stock$094$048Diluted net loss per share of common stock$094$048Diluted loss per share exclude the effect of 2,304,407and 2,685,237outstanding stock options in fiscal 2013and 2012respectively. The inclusion of these shares would be anti-dilutive. For the years ended January31, 2014and 2013, the outstanding common stock warrants of 1,400,000would have an anti-dilutive effect if included in Diluted EPS and, therefore, were not included in the calculation.Recent Accounting PronouncementsThe Company does not believe any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards will have a material effect on the Company consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.NOTE 3 ACQUISITIONSOn August16, 2012the Company acquired substantially all of the outstanding stock of Meta Health Technology, Inc., a New York corporation Meta. The Company paid a total purchase price of $14,790,000, consisting of cash payment of $13,288,000and the issuance of 393,086shares of the Company common stock at an agreed upon price price of $407per share. The fair value of the common stock at the date of issuance was $382. For the year ended January 31, 2013, the Company incurred $1,306,000of acquisition costs related to the Meta transaction, which were recorded in selling, general and administrative expense. These costs were primarily related to services provided by legal, financial, and accounting professional advisors and severances. As of October 31, 2012, the Company had acquired 100%of Metas outstanding shares.The acquisition of Meta represents the Company on-going growth strategy, and is reflective of the solutions development process, which is led by the needs and requirements of clients and the marketplace in general. The Meta suite of solutions, when bundled with the Company existing solutions, will help current and prospective clients better prepare for compliance with the ICD-10 transition. The Company believes that the integration of business analytics solutions with the coding solutions acquired in this transaction will position the Company to address the complicated issues of clinical analytics as clients prepare for the proposed changes in commercial and governmental payment models45Index to Financial StatementsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedThe purchase price is subject to certain adjustments related principally to the delivered working capital level, which was settled for $394,000in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013, and indemnification provisions. Under the acquisition method of accounting, the purchase price was allocated to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date as   receivable2,300,000Property and equipment133,000Other assets513,000Client  software3,646,000Trade name 21,588,000Supplier agreements1,582,000Covenants not to compete720,000Goodwill 1, 28,073,000Total assets  assumed:Accounts payable and accrued liabilities1,259,000Deferred revenue obligation, net3,494,000Deferred tax liabilities4,602,000Net assets  common stock$1,502,000Cash paid13,288,000Total  represents the excess of purchase price over the estimated fair value of net tangible and intangible assets acquired, which is not deductible for tax purposes2See Note 7 - Goodwill and Intangible Assets for further changes in fiscal 2013.The acquired operations of Meta are consolidated with the results of the Company from August16, 2012. Due to the new deferred tax liabilities recorded as a result of the above purchase price allocation, the Company was able to reduce its valuation allowance by $3,000,000representing the significant deferred tax benefit recorded for the year ended January31, 2013.On October 25, 2013, the Company wholly owned subsidiary, Streamline Health, Inc. Streamline, entered into a Software License and Royalty Agreement the Royalty Agreement with Montefiore Medical Center Montefiore pursuant to which it entered into an agreement for an exclusive, worldwide15-year license from Montefiore of its proprietary clinical analytics platform solution, Clinical Looking Glass CLG. In addition, Montefiore assigned to Streamline the existing license agreement with a customer using CLG. As consideration under the Royalty Agreement, Streamline paid Montefiore a one-time initial base royalty fee of $3,000,000, as well as on-going quarterly royalty amounts related to future sublicensing of CLG by Streamline. Additionally, Streamline has committed that Montefiore will receive at least an additional$3,000,000of on-going royalty payments within the first six and one-half years of the license term.The Montefiore agreements were accounted for as a business combination with the purchase price representing the$3,000,000initial base royalty fee, plus the present value of the$3,000,000on-going royalty payment commitment.The preliminary purchase price was allocated to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimate fair values as of the acquisition date as follows:46Index to Financial StatementsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  purchased:License agreement$4,431,000Existing customer relationship408,000Covenant not to compete129,000Working capital124,000Other assets25,000Goodwill 1108,000Total assets  paid$3,000,000Future royalty commitment2,225,000Total  represents the excess of purchase price over the estimated fair value of net tangible and intangible assets acquired, which is not deductible for tax purposes.NOTE 4 DERIVATIVE LIABILITIESAs discussed further in Note 15 - Private Placement Investment, in conjunction with the private placement investment, the Company issued common stock warrants exercisable for up to 1,200,000of common stock at an exercise price of $399per share. The warrants were initially classified in stockholders' equity as additional paid-in capital at the allocated amount, net of allocated transaction costs, of $1,425,000. Effective October 31, 2012, upon shareholder approval of anti-dilution provisions that reset the warrant exercise price if a dilutive issuance occurs, the warrants were reclassified as non-current derivative liabilities. The fair value of the warrants was $4,139,000at October 31, 2012, with the difference between the fair value and carrying value recorded to additional paid-in capital. Effective as of the reclassification as derivative liabilities, the warrants are re-valued at each reporting date, with changes in fair value recognized in earnings each reporting period as a credit or charge to miscellaneous income expense. The fair value of the warrants at January31, 2014and 2013was $4,117,000and $3,649,000, respectively. The change in fiscal 2013and 2012reflects $141,000and $489,000, respectively, of miscellaneous expense income recognized in the consolidated statements of operations as a result of decreases in the fair value of the warrants. The change in fiscal 2013 also reflects a valuation adjustment which increased the warrant liability by $609,000, offset by decreases in Series A Preferred Stock see Note 15 of $197,000and additional paid-in capital of $412,000. The estimated fair value of the warrant liabilities as of January31, 2014was computed using the Black-Scholes option pricing model based on the following assumptions: annual volatility of 5824%; risk-free rate of 107%, dividend yield of 00%and expected life of fouryears. The estimated fair value of the warrant liabilities as of January 31, 2013 was computed using Monte-Carlo simulations based on the following assumptions: annual volatility of 70%; risk-free rate of 09%, dividend yield of 00%and expected life of fiveyears. The model also included assumptions to account for anti-dilutive provisions within the warrant agreement. During fiscal 2013, the Company recorded an immaterial correction of an error regarding the valuation of its common stock warrants originated during the third quarter of fiscal 2012 in conjunction with its private placement investment. The Company concluded there was a  of the loss before income taxes on its consolidated statement of operations for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2013, as previously reported. The aforementioned  has been recorded in the consolidated statement of operations for fiscal 2013. The January 31, 2013 consolidated balance sheet, as previously reported, reflects a$51,000overstatement of deferred financing costs, a  of deemed dividends on Series A Preferred Stock, and a$609,000overstatement of the Series A Preferred Stock and additional paid-in capital. These aforementioned consolidated balance sheet adjustments have been recorded on the January 31, 2014 consolidated balance sheet as presented herein. The Company concluded that the impact of the corrections were not quantitatively and qualitatively material to the prior and current fiscal years47Index to Financial StatementsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedNOTE 5 OPERATING LEASESThe Company rents office and data center space and equipment under non-cancelable operating leases that expire at various times through fiscal year 2022. Future minimum lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases for the next five fiscal years and thereafter are as  and leasing expense for facilities and equipment was $1,333,000and $965,000for fiscal years 2013and 2012, respectively. During the second quarter of fiscal 2014, the Company relocated its Corporate Office in Atlanta, GA to new space at the same building it was previously. The Company received eight months of partially abated rent and a leasehold improvement allowance of $1,088,000.NOTE 6 DEBTTerm Loan and Line of CreditOn December 7, 2011, in conjunction with the Interpoint Partners, LLC Interpoint acquisition, the Company entered into a subordinated credit agreement with Fifth Third Bank in which the bank provided the Company with a $4,120,000subordinated term loan, maturing on December 7, 2013, and a revolving line of credit, maturing on October 1, 2013.In conjunction with the Meta acquisition, on August16, 2012, the Company amended the subordinated credit agreement with Fifth Third Bank, whereby Fifth Third Bank provided the Company with a $5,000,000revolving line of credit, a $5,000,000senior term loan and a $9,000,000subordinated term loan, a portion of which was used to refinance the previously outstanding $4,120,000subordinated term loan. Additionally, as part of the refinancing in August 2012, the Company mutually agreed to settle the success fee included in the previous subordinated term loan for $700,000. The difference between the $233,000success fee accrued through the date of the amendment and the amount paid was recorded to deferred financing costs and is being amortized over the term of the amended loan. The Company paid a commitment fee in connection with the senior term loan of $75,000, which is included in deferred financing costs. The Company was required to pay a success fee in accordance with the amended subordinated term loan, which has been recorded in interest expense as accrued over the term of the loan. The success fee was due on the date the entire principal balance of the loan became due August 16, 2014. The success fee was accrued in accordance with the terms of the loan in an amount necessary to provide the lender a 17%internal rate of return through the date the success fee became due. The accrued success fee of $1,124,000was paid when the subordinated term loan was paid in full see below.Effective December 13, 2013, the Company amended and restated the senior credit agreement and amended the subordinated credit agreement to increase the senior term loan to $8,500,000, extended the maturity of the senior term loan and the revolving line of credit to December 1, 2018 and December 1, 2015, respectively, reduced the interest rates and revised the financial covenants. Simultaneously, the subordinated term loan, which was scheduled to mature on August 16, 2014, was paid in full. The loans are secured by substantially all of the Company assets. The senior term loan principal balance is payable in monthly installments of $101,000commencing in January 2014, and will continue through the maturity date, with the full remaining unpaid principal balance due at maturity. Borrowings under the senior term loan contractually bear interest at a rate of LIBOR 016%at January 31, 2014 plus 475%. However, after the impact of the interest rate swap described below, the interest is fixed at 642%. Accrued and unpaid interest on the senior term loan is due monthly through maturity. Borrowings under the revolving loan bear interest at a rate equal to LIBOR plus 350%. A commitment fee of 040%is incurred on the unused revolving line of credit balance, and is payable monthly. As of January 31, 2014, the Company had no outstanding borrowings under the revolving line of credit, and had accrued $3,000in unused balance commitment fees. The original proceeds of these loans were used to finance the cash portion of the Meta acquisition purchase price and to cover any additional 48Index to Financial StatementsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continuedoperating costs as a result of the acquisition. A portion of the new senior term loan was used to refinance the previously outstanding $5,000,000senior term loan. The Company paid closing fees in connection with the new senior term loan of $116,000, which has been recorded as a debt discount and will be amortized to interest expense over the term of the loan using the effective interest method.The Company evaluated the senior term loan for modification accounting, as it represents a single debtor-creditor relationship. The previously outstanding term loan bore interest at a rate of LIBOR plus 55%and was to mature on August 16, 2014. The amended senior term loan bears interest at a rate of LIBOR 016%at January 31, 2014 plus 475%. FASB ASC 470-50-40 establishes criteria for evaluating the accounting for a debt restructuring as either a modification or extinguishment. The Company performed the gross method in assessing the 10% test, ascribed by ASC 470-50-40, relative to change in present value of cash flows. The gross method provides for a straightforward comparison of the old and new cash flows. As the changes occurred within a single debtor-creditor relationship and the present value of cash flows under the terms of the new debt instrument was less than 10% different from the present value of cash flows under the terms of the original instrument, the Company accounted for the debt refinancing as a modification of debt. As such, the unamortized debt financing fees of $47,000associated with the original debt will be amortized over the term of the amended senior term loan using the effective interest method.The significant covenants as set forth in the term loans and line of credit were as follows: i maintain minimum liquidity of $4,000,000as of April 30, 2014 and monthly thereafter; ii maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio for the fiscal quarter ending July 31, 2014 excluding the April 30, 2014 fiscal quarter and each fiscal quarter thereafter of not less than 110:1 calculated quarterly on a trailing four quarter basis thereafter; iii on a consolidated basis, maintain ratio of senior funded debt to adjusted EBITDA as of the end of any fiscal quarter less than 250:1, calculated quarterly on a trailing four fiscal quarter basis beginning July 31, 2014. excluding the April 30, 2014 fiscal quarter. The Company is prohibited from paying dividends on common and preferred stock. The Company obtained a waiver from its lender for non-compliance with certain loan covenants at January31, 2014.As described below, the Company issued an unsecured, subordinated three-year note in the amount of $900,000Note Payable that matures on November 1, 2016 and accrues interest on the unpaid principal amount outstanding at a per annum rate equal to 8%. The promissory note was issued November 20, 2013 and has annual principal payments of $300,000due on November 1, 2014, 2015 and 2016.Outstanding principal balances on long-term debt consisted of the following at:January 31,2014January 31,2013Senior term loan 1$8,298,000$4,688,000Note payable900,000Capital lease227,000Subordinated term loan  Current  portion of long-term  31, 2014 balance represents total principal due, therefore it is not reduced by the debt discount of $112,000. In the consolidated balance sheets, the term loan is presented net of this discount.  Future repayments of long-term debt by fiscal year consisted of the following at January 31, 2014:Senior Term LoanNote PayableCapital Lease   to Financial StatementsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  minimum lease payments include principal plus interest. Convertible Note, InterpointOn December7, 2011, as part of the purchase of the assets of Interpoint, the Company issued a convertible promissory note for $3,000,000the Convertible Note. The note accrued interest at a per annum rate of 8%from the date of the note until the the note was converted. All outstanding accrued interest was capitalized as additional principal through the conversion of the note. Under the terms of the note, the principal balance was to be paid in three equal installments on December 1, 2014, December 1, 2015 and December 1, 2016, respectively. On June 15, 2012, Interpoint and the Company modified the conversion feature of the note to allow for early conversion of the balance of principal and interest on the note outstanding, net of working capital adjustments and related accrued interest owed to the Company, for 1,529,729shares of common stock at $200per share.Contingent Earn-Out ProvisionAs part of the asset purchase, Interpoint was entitled to receive additional consideration contingent upon certain financial performance measurements during a one year earn-out period commencing July 1, 2012 and ending on June 30, 2013. The earn-out consideration was calculated as twice the recurring revenue for the earn-out period recognized by the acquired Interpoint operations from specific contracts defined in the asset purchase agreement, plus one times Interpoint revenue derived from the Company customers, less $3,500,000. The earn-out consideration was due no later than July 31, 2013 in cash or through the issuance of a note with terms identical to the terms of the Convertible Note except with respect to issue date, conversion date and prepayment date. The earn-out note restricts conversion or prepayment at any time prior to the one year anniversary of the issue date.The Company agreed to a final earn-out and paid Interpoint an aggregate consideration consisting of $1,300,000in cash, the issuance of 400,000shares of Company common stock on January 1, 2014, and the Note Payable. In November 2013, the Company agreed to a final earn-out and paid Interpoint an aggregate consideration consisting of $1,300,000in cash, a $900,000Note Payable, and 400,000shares that were valued at $2,700,000based upon the closing price of the Company common stock on January 2, 2014. As of January 31, 2013, the Company estimated the payment obligation to be $1,320,000. A cumulative change in value of the earn-out of $3,580,000was recorded to miscellaneous expense income in fiscal 2013.Convertible Subordinated Notes Payable, Private Placement InvestmentOn August16, 2012, in connection with the 12,000,000private placement investment private placement investment with affiliated funds and accounts of Great Point Partners, LLC, and Noro-Moseley Partners VI, L.P., and another investor, the Company issued convertible subordinated notes payable in the aggregate principal amount of $5,699,577, which upon shareholder approval, convert into up to 1,583,220shares of Series A Preferred Stock. The allocation of the proceeds to the subordinated convertible notes resulted in a debt discount of $1,934,000, which will be amortized over the period from issue date to maturity date using the effective interest rate method. The Company recorded $112,000of debt discount amortization in fiscal 2012. On November 1, 2012, upon shareholder approval, the convertible subordinated notes were converted into shares of Series A Preferred Stock. The convertible subordinated notes had an aggregate principal amount of $5,699,577and converted into an aggregate of 1,583,210shares of Preferred Stock. The Company incurred a loss upon conversion of $5,913,000on November 1, 2012. For further detail on this transaction see also Note 15 - Private Placement Investment.Interest Rate SwapAs of January 31, 2014, the Company maintainedoneeffective hedging relationship viaonedistinct interest rate swap agreement maturing December 1, 2020, which requires the Company to pay interest at a fixed rate of642%and receive interest at a variable rate. This interest rate swap agreement is designated to hedge$8,500,000of a variable rate debt obligation. Theone-month LIBORrate on each reset date determines the variable portion of the interest rate swap for the following month. The interest rate swap settles any accrued interest for cash on the first day of each calendar month, until expiration. At such dates, the differences to be paid or received on the interest rate swap is included in interest expense. No premium or discount was incurred upon the Company entering into the interest rate swap, because the pay and receive rates on the interest rate swap represented prevailing rates for the counterparty at the time the interest rate swap was entered into. 50Index to Financial StatementsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedThe interest rate swap qualifies for cash flow hedge accounting treatment and as such, the Company has effectively hedged its exposure to variability in the future cash flows attributable to theone-month LIBORon its$8,500,000of variable rate obligation. The change in the fair value of the interest rate swap is recorded on the Companys consolidated balance sheet as an asset or liability with the effective portion of the interest rate swaps gains or losses reported as a component of other comprehensive loss and the ineffective portion reported in earnings interest expense. As of January 31, 2014, the Company had a fair value liability of $111,000for the effective portion of the interest rate swap. As interest expense is accrued on the debt obligation, amounts in accumulated other comprehensive loss related to the designated hedging instrument will be reclassified into earnings to obtain a net cost on the debt obligation equal to the effective yield of the fixed rate of the swap.NOTE 7 GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETSThe goodwill activity is summarized as follows:in thousandsGoodwillBalance January 31, 2012$4,061Goodwill acquired during the year8,073Balance January 31, 201312,133Goodwill acquired during the year108Adjustments to goodwill during the year307Balance January 31, 2014$11,934Intangible assets, net, consist of the following:in thousandsJanuary 31,  assets:Trade  assets:Client relationships10-15  not to compete05-15 years856533323Supplier agreements5 years1,5824611,121License agreement15  thousandsJanuary 31,  assets:Trade  assets:Client relationships10  not to compete05-5 years727172555Supplier agreements5  fiscal 2013, the Company recorded a correction of an error of the original valuation of the Meta trade nameindefinite-lived intangible asset. The result of this error was an undervaluation of the trade name of $364,000, with the offset to goodwill. This balance sheet adjustment has been recorded on the January 31, 2014 consolidated balance sheet as presented herein. The Company concluded that the impact of the corrections were not quantitatively and qualitatively material to the prior and current fiscal years51Index to Financial StatementsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedAmortization over the next five fiscal years for intangible assets is estimated as follows:in thousandsAnnual Amortization  to Financial StatementsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedNOTE 8 INCOME TAXESIncome taxes consist of the following:Fiscal Year20132012Current tax benefit  tax positions28,287Deferred tax benefit expense:Federal  and deferred income tax benefit$100,458$2,888,537The income tax benefit for income taxes differs from the amount computed using the federal statutory income tax rate as follows:Fiscal Year20132012Federal tax benefit at statutory rate4,018,000$2,810,870State and local taxes, net of federal benefit488,626255,348Change in valuation  items:Loss from conversion of notes payable1,937,411Incentive stock options78,476Transaction costs343,117339,320Change in fair value of warrants  for uncertain tax  tax  to Financial StatementsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedThe Company provides deferred income taxes for temporary differences between assets and liabilities recognized for financial reporting and income tax purposes. The income tax effects of these temporary differences and credits are as follows:January 31,20142013Deferred tax assets:Allowance for doubtful   operating loss  compensation expense362,145715,818Property and equipment147,691184,605AMT  deferred tax   deferred tax  tax liabilities:Definite-lived intangible   deferred tax  deferred tax  January31, 2014, the Company had U.S. federal net operating loss carry forwards of $23,537,000which expire at various dates through fiscal 2033. The Company also has an Alternative Minimum Tax net operating loss carry forward of $22,917,000, which has an unlimited carry forward period. The Company also had state net operating loss carry forwards of $9,663,000, which expire on or before fiscal 2033. Approximately $9,230,000of net operating losses will expire in fiscal 2014 if not utilized.At January31, 2014, the Company has a valuation allowance of $7,667,000on its total net deferred tax assets with the exception of the deferred tax liability created from trade name. The trade name-related deferred tax liability resulted in a naked tax credit liability of $721,000due to its indefinite life and because it cannot be used as a source of taxable income.Due to the reporting requirements of ASC 718, $1,940,000, tax effected $715,000of the net operating loss carryforward is not recorded on the Companys balance sheet because the loss was created by the tax benefits of stock option exercises, which cannot be recognized for book purposes until the benefit has been realized by actually reducing taxes payable. When recognized the tax benefit of these losses will be accounted for as a credit to additional paid in capital rather than a reduction of the income tax provision.The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to U.S. federal income tax as well as income taxes in multiple state and local jurisdictions. The Company has concluded all U.S. federal tax matters for years through January31, 2010. All material state and local income tax matters have been concluded for years through January31, 2009.The Company has recorded a reserve, including interest and penalties, for uncertain tax positions of $181,000and $152,000as of January31, 2014and January31, 2013, respectively. As of January 31, 2014 and 2013, the Company had $60,000and $30,000, respectively, of accrued interest and penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefits. In fiscal 2012, a reserve was recorded in purchase accounting as part of the Meta acquisition on August 16, 2012. The Company does not anticipate further adjustments to its reserve for uncertain tax positions that will result in a material change to its financial position during the next twelve months. A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amounts of gross unrecognized tax benefits excluding interest and penalties is as follows:54Index to Financial StatementsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued20132012Beginning of fiscal year$122,000$Additions for tax positions of prior years122,000Reductions for tax positions of prior years1,000End of fiscal year$121,000$122,000At January31, 2014, $121,000of the $121,000of unrecognized tax benefits would affect the Companys effective tax rate, if recognized. The Company does not expect that the balances with respect to its uncertain tax positions will significantly increase or decrease during fiscal 2014.NOTE 9 MAJOR CLIENTSDuring fiscal year 2012, twoclients accounted for 7%and 5%, respectively, of total revenues. Twoclients represented 16%and 11%, respectively, of total accounts receivable as of January31, 2013. During fiscal year 2013, oneclient. Montefiore Medical Center, accounted for 11%of total revenues. Twoclients represented 13%and 9%, respectively, of total accounts receivable as of January31, 2014. NOTE 10 EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT PLANThe Company has established a 401k retirement plan that covers all associates. Company contributions to the plan may be made at the discretion of the board of directors. The Company matches 100%up to the first 4%of compensation deferred by each associate in the 401k plan. The total compensation expense for this matching contribution was $370,000and $289,000in fiscal 2013and 2012, respectively.NOTE 11 EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLANThe Company has an Employee Stock Purchase Plan under which associates may purchase up to 1,000,000shares of common stock. Under the plan, eligible associates may elect to contribute, through payroll deductions, up to 10%of their base pay to a trust during any plan year, July1 through June 30 of the following year through June 30, 2013 and January1 through December31 of the same year beginning January 1, 2014. Semi-annually, in January and July of each year, the plan issues for the benefit of the employees shares of common stock at the lesser of a85%of the fair market value of the common stock on the first day of the vesting period, January1 or July 1, or b85%of the fair market value of the common stock on the last day of the vesting period June 30 or December31, of the current year. At January31, 2014, 97,285shares remain that can be purchased under the plan.The Company recognized compensation expense of $42,000and $32,000for fiscal years 2013and 2012, respectively, under this plan.During fiscal 2013, 36,858shares were purchased at the price of $317per share and 9,115shares were purchased at the price of $567per share; during fiscal 2012, 44,743shares were purchased at the price of $170per share. The cash received for shares purchased from the plan was $169,000and $76,000in fiscal 2013and 2012, respectively.The purchase price at June 30, 2014, will be 85%of the lower of athe closing price on January2, 2014 $675 or bof the closing price on June 30, 2014.NOTE 12 STOCK BASED COMPENSATIONStock Option PlansThe Companys 1996 Employee Stock Option Plan authorized the grant of options to associates for the Companys common stock. The options granted have terms of tenyears or less and generally vest and become fully exercisable ratably over threeyears of continuous employment from the date of grant. At January31, 2014and 2013, options to purchase zero and 2,500shares of the Companys common stock, respectively, have been granted and are outstanding under the plan. No more options can be granted under this plan.The Companys 2005 and 2013 Incentive Compensation Plans, which authorizes the Company to issue up to 2,900,000equity awards stock options, stock appreciation rights or SARs, and restricted stock to directors and associates of the Company. The options granted have terms of tenyears or less, and typically vest and become fully exercisable ratably over 55Index to Financial StatementsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continuedthreeyears of continuous service to the Company from the date of grant. At January31, 2014, options to purchase 1,473,425shares of the Companys common stock have been granted and are outstanding under the plan. There are no SARs outstanding under the plan. Please see Restricted Stock section for more information on restricted shares.In fiscal 2013 and 2012, executive inducement grants were approved by the Company Board of Directors pursuant to NASDAQ Marketplace Rule 5635c4. The terms of the grant are nearly as practicable identical to the terms and conditions of the Companys 2005 and 2013 Incentive Compensation Plans. For the year ended January31, 2013, 675,000stock options were issued, 177,783options expired, and 88,889were exercised. For the year ended January31, 2014, zero stock options were issued, 186,790options were forfeited, and 105,556were exercised. At January31, 2014, there were 830,982options outstanding. Please see Restricted Stock section for information on the restricted shares.A summary of stock option activity is summarized as follows:Fiscal Year20132012OptionsWeighted Average Exercise PriceOptionsWeighted Average Exercise PriceOutstanding beginning of  end of  end of  intrinsic value of outstanding options at year  intrinsic value of exercisable options at year  average grant date fair value of options granted during year$442$202Total intrinsic value of options exercised during the year$2,673,285$570,264The fiscal 2013and 2012stock-based compensation was estimated at the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions for each fiscal year:20132012Expected life6 years5 yearsRisk-free interest rate181%035%Weighted average volatility factor066057Dividend yieldForfeiture rate21%Number of OptionsAverage ExercisePriceRemaining LifeinYearsJanuary31,   exercise prices range from $165to $817, of which 718,579shares are between $165and $200per share, 366,000shares are between $208and $400per share, and 1,219,828shares are between $408and $817per share2The exercise prices range from $165to $694, of which 806,179shares are between $165and $200per share, 152,826shares are between $208and $400per share, and 264,360shares are between $408and $694per share56Index to Financial StatementsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedAt January31, 2014, there was $3,092,000of compensation cost that has not yet been recognized related to non-vested stock-option awards. That cost is expected to be recognized over a remaining weighted average period of 23years. The expense associated with stock option awards was $1,661,000and $664,000, respectively, for fiscal 2013and 2012. Cash received from exercise of options and the employee stock purchase plan was $1,356,000and $283,000, respectively, in fiscal 2013and 2012.The 2005 and 2013 Incentive Compensation Plans contain change in control provisions whereby any outstanding equity awards under the plans subject to vesting, which have not fully vested as of the date of the change in control, shall automatically vest and become immediately exercisable. One of the change in control provisions is deemed to occur if there is a change in beneficial ownership, or authority to vote, directly or indirectly, securities representing 20%or more of the total of all of the Companys then outstanding voting securities, unless through a transaction arranged by, or consummated with the prior approval of the Board of Directors. Other change in control provisions relate to mergers and acquisitions or a determination of change in control by the Companys Board of Directors.Restricted StockThe Company grants restricted stock awards under the 2013 Incentive Compensation Plan to associates and members of the board of directors. The Company has also issued restricted shares as inducement grants to executives. The restrictions on the shares granted generally lapse over a one-year term of continuous employment from the date of grant. The grant date fair value per share of restricted stock, which is the stock price on the grant date, is expensed on a straight-line basis as the restriction period lapses. The shares represented by restricted stock awards are considered outstanding at the grant date, as the recipients are entitled to voting rights. A summary of restricted stock award activity for the period is presented below:Non-vested Numberof SharesWeighted Average GrantDate FairValueNon-vested balance at January31,  balance at January 31,  balance at January 31, 201429,698$665At January31, 2014, there was $14,000of compensation cost that has not yet been recognized related to restricted stock awards. That cost is expected to be recognized over a remaining period of one year or less.The expense associated with restricted stock awards was $112,000and $260,000, respectively, for fiscal 2013and 201257Index to Financial StatementsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedNOTE 13 COMMITTMENTS AND CONTINGENCIESSoftware as a ServiceThe Company enters into long-term agreements to provide document imaging/management and workflow services to its healthcare clients as software as a service from a central data center. The Company guarantees specific up-time and response time performance standards, which, if not met may result in reduced revenues, as a penalty, for the month in which the standards are not met. There were no contingencies of this nature as of January31, 2014.LitigationThe Company is, from time to time, a party to various legal proceedings and claims, which arise, in the ordinary course of business. The Company is not aware of any legal matters that will have a material adverse effect on the Companys consolidated results of operations, or consolidated financial position, or consolidated cash flows58Index to Financial StatementsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedNOTE 14 QUARTERLY RESULTS OF OPERATIONS UNAUDITEDThe following sets forth selected unaudited quarterly financial information for fiscal 2013and 2012. In the opinion of management, all adjustments consisting of normal recurring accruals considered necessary for a fair presentation of the condensed consolidated financial information have been included.Fiscal 2013 In thousands, except per share data:First QuarterSecond QuarterThird QuarterFourth   profit  loss  deemed dividends on Series A Preferred Shares  loss attributable to common  net loss per share  net loss earnings per share  and diluted weighted average shares  2012 In thousands, except per share data:First QuarterSecond QuarterThird QuarterFourth   profit  earnings loss  deemed dividends on Series A Preferred Shares13937176Net earnings loss attributable to common  net earnings loss per share  net earnings loss per share  weighted average shares  weighted average shares  third quarter of fiscal 2013 includes a loss of $4,101,000associated with the settlement of the earn-out consideration to Interpoint Note 6.bDuring the third quarter of fiscal 2013, the Company recorded an immaterial correction of an error regarding a $188,145fiscal second quarter 2013 understatement of deemed dividends on its Series A Preferred Stock, with an offsetting understatement of additional paid-in capital. cQuarterly amounts may not be additive.dThe fourth quarter of 2012 includes a loss of $5,913,000incurred upon conversion of the private placement convertible subordinated notes Note 15, as well as a $565,000naked tax credit related to intangible assets recorded as part of the Meta acquisition Note 8.NOTE 15 PRIVATE PLACEMENT INVESTMENTOn August16, 2012, the Company completed a $12,000,000private placement investment private placement investment with affiliated funds and accounts of Great Point Partners, LLC, and Noro-Moseley Partners VI, L.P., and another investor. The investment consisted of the following instruments: issuance of 2,416,785shares of a new Series A 0%Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock Series A Preferred Stock at $300per share, common stock warrants warrants exercisable for up to 1,200,000shares of the Company common stock at an exercise price of $399per share, and convertible subordinated notes payable in the aggregate principal amount of $5,699,577, which upon shareholder approval, convert into up 59Index to Financial StatementsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continuedto 1,583,210shares of Series A Preferred Stock. The proceeds were allocated among the instruments based on their relative fair values as follows:Adjusted Fair Value at August 16, 2012Proceeds  A Preferred  subordinated notes   Series A Preferred Stock convert on a 1:1 basis into common stock, but differ in value from common stock due to the downside protection relative to common stock in the event the Company liquidates, and the downside protection, if, after fouryears, the holder has not converted and the stock is below $300. The fair value of Series A Preferred Stock was determined using a Monte-Carlo simulation following a Geometric Brownian Motion, using the following assumptions: annual volatility of 75%, risk-free rate of 09%and dividend yield of 00%. The model also utilized the following assumptions to account for the conditions within the agreement: after fouryears, if the simulated common stock price fell below a price of $300per share, the convertible preferred stock would automatically convert to common stock on a 1:1 basis moving forward at a price of exactly $300per share and a forced conversion if the simulated stock price exceeded $800per share. 2The fair value of convertible subordinated notes payable was determined based on its current yield as compared to that of those currently outstanding in the marketplace. Management reviewed the convertible note agreement and determined that the note interest rate is a reasonable representative of a market rate; therefore the face or principal amount of the loan is a reasonable estimate of its fair value3The fair value of the common stock warrants was determined using a Monte-Carlo simulation following a Geometric Brownian motion, using the following assumptions: annual volatility of 75%, risk-free rate of 09%, dividend yield of 00%and expected life of 5years. Because the dilutive down-round financing was subject to approval by shareholder vote which had not happened at the time of the valuation, the model utilized the assumption that the down-round financing would not occur within the simulation.The Company incurred legal, placement and other adviser fees of $1,894,000, including $754,000in costs for warrants issued to placement agents. The total transaction costs were allocated among the instruments of the private placement investment based on their relative fair values as follows: $611,000to subordinated convertible notes as deferred financing costs, $1,020,000to Series A Preferred Stock as discount on Series A Preferred Stock and $263,000to warrants as a charge to additional paid in capital.Series A Convertible Preferred StockIn connection with the private placement investment, the Company issued 2,416,785shares of Series A Preferred Stock at $300per share. Each share of the Series A Preferred Stock is convertible into one share of the Company common stock. The price per share of Series A Preferred Stock and the conversion price for the common stock was less than the market value of the common stock of $382as defined in the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market on the date of execution of the definitive agreements. The Series A Preferred Stock does not pay a dividend, however, the holders are entitled to receive dividends on shares of Preferred Stock equal on an  basis to and in the same form as dividends other than dividends in the form of common stock actually paid on shares of the common stock. The Series A Preferred Stock have voting rights on a modified  The Series A Preferred Stock has a non-participating liquidation right equal to the original issue price plus accrued unpaid dividends, which are senior to the Companys common stock. The Series A Preferred Stock can be converted to common shares at any time by the holders, or at the option of the Company if the arithmetic average of the daily volume weighted average price of the common stock for the tenday period prior to the measurement date is greater than $800per share, and the average daily trading volume for the sixtyday period immediately prior to the measurement date exceeds 100,000shares. The conversion price is $300per share, subject to certain adjustments.The allocation of the proceeds and transaction costs based on relative fair values of the instruments resulted in recognition of a discount on the Series A Preferred Stock of $4,410,000, including discount from beneficial conversion feature of $2,686,000, which will be amortized from the date of issuance to the earliest redemption date. For the year ended January 31, 2014and 2013, the Company recognized $1,181,000and $176,000, respectively, of amortization of the discount on Series 60Index to Financial StatementsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedA Preferred Stock as deemed dividends charged to additional paid in capital, computed under the effective interest rate method. The value of the beneficial conversion feature is calculated as the difference between the effective conversion price of the Series A Preferred Stock and the fair market value of the common stock into which the Series A Preferred Stock are convertible at the commitment date.On November 1, 2012, upon shareholder approval, the convertible subordinated notes were converted into shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. The convertible subordinated notes had an aggregate principal amount of $5,699,577and converted into an aggregate of 1,583,210shares of Preferred Stock. The Company recorded a loss upon conversion of $5,913,000which represented the difference between the aggregate fair value of the Preferred Stock issued of $9,183,000, based on a $580fair value per share, and the total of carrying value of the notes and unamortized deferred financing cost of $3,270,000. The shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued for the conversion of notes payable are recorded at their aggregate redemption value of $4,750,000with the difference between the fair value and redemption value of $4,433,000recorded as additional paid in capital. The fair value of the Preferred Stock was determined using a Monte-Carlo simulation based on the following assumptions: annual volatility of 75%, risk-free rate of 08%, and dividend yield of 00%. The model also utilized the following assumptions to account for the conditions within the agreement: after four years, if the simulated common stock price fell below a price of $300per share, the convertible preferred stock would automatically convert to common stock on a 1:1 basis moving forward at a price of exactly $300per share and a forced conversion if the simulated stock price exceeded $800per share.During fiscal 2013, the Company determined there was an immaterial correction error in the proceeds allocation recorded in fiscal 2012. The Company has corrected these adjustments and they are reflected in the fiscal 2013 consolidated financial statements and this Note 15.The following table sets forth the activity of the Series A Preferred Stock, classified as temporary equity, during the periods presented:Number of SharesSeries A Preferred StockSeries A Preferred Stock, January 31, 2012$Issuance from private placement, at redemption  related to warrants 1704,209Discount related to beneficial conversion feature2,685,973Discount related to issuance cost1,020,135Issuance of shares at redemption value for conversion of notes  of Preferred Stock discount176,048Series A Preferred Stock, January 31,  of Preferred Stock to Common  of Preferred Stock discount1,180,904Valuation adjustment Note 4196,952Series A Preferred Stock, January 31,  The discount related to warrants represents the difference between the redemption value of the Series A Preferred Stock, issued in conjunction with the private placement, and its allocated proceeds.At any time following August 31, 2016, each share of Series A Preferred Stock is redeemable at the option of the holder for an amount equal to the initial issuance price of $300adjusted to reflect stock splits, stock dividends or like events plus any accrued and unpaid dividends thereon. The Series A Preferred Stock are classified as temporary equity as the securities are redeemable solely at the option of the holder.In fiscal 2013,1,050,000shares of the Company Series A Convertible Preferred Stock were converted into Common Stock. As a result, Series A Convertible Preferred Stock was reduced by $3,150,000, with the offsetting increase to Common Stock and Additional Paid-in Capital. As of January31, 2014and 2013,2,949,995and 3,999,995shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock remained outstanding, respectively61Index to Financial StatementsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedCommon Stock WarrantsIn conjunction with the private placement investment, the Company issued common stock warrants exercisable for up to 1,200,000of the Company common stock at an exercise price of $399per share. The warrants can be exercised in whole or in part during the period beginning on February 17, 2013 until five yearsfrom such initial exercise date. The warrants also include a cashless exercise option which allows the holder to receive a number of shares of common stock based on an agreed upon formula in exchange for the warrant rather than paying cash to exercise. The proceeds, net of transaction costs, allocated to the warrants of $1,425,000were classified as equity on August 16, 2012, the date of issuance. Effective October 31, 2012, upon shareholder approval of anti-dilution provisions that reset the warrants exercise price if a dilutive issuance occurs, the warrants were reclassified as derivative liabilities. The provisions require the exercise price to reset to the lower price at which the dilutive issuance is consummated, if the dilutive issuance occurs prior to the second anniversary of the warrants issuance. If a dilutive issuance occurs after the second anniversary of the warrants issuance, then the exercise price will be reset in accordance with a weighted average formula that provides for a partial reset, based on the number of shares raised in the dilutive issuance relative to the number of common stock equivalents outstanding at the time of the dilutive issuance. The change in fair value of the warrants was accounted for as an adjustment to stockholders equity for the period between the date of the contracts last classification as equity to the date of reclassification to liability. The fair value of the warrants was $4,139,000at October 31, 2012. These warrants are accounted for as derivative liabilities effective October 31, 2012, and as such, are re-valued at each reporting date, which changes in fair value recognized in earnings each reporting period as a charge or credit to other expenses. On October 19, 2012, the Company also issued 200,000warrants to its placement agents as a portion of the fees for services rendered in the private placement investment. The warrants had an initial exercise date of May 1, 2013 and are exercisable for a five-year term thereafter at a stated exercise price of $406per share and could be exercised in whole or in part at any time. The warrants also included a cashless exercise option which allowed the holder to receive a number of shares of common stock based on an agreed upon formula in exchange for the warrants rather than paying cash to exercise. The warrants have no reset provisions. The warrants had a grant date fair value of $754,000, and are classified as equity on the consolidated balance sheet. The estimated fair value of the warrants was determined by using Monte-Carlo simulations based on the following assumptions: annual volatility of 75%; risk-free rate of $09%, dividend yield of 00%and expected life of fiveyears. The following table sets forth the warrants issued and outstanding as of January31, 2014:Number of Shares IssuableWeighted Average Exercise PriceWarrants - private  - placement  fair value of the private placement warrants was $4,117,000and $3,649,000at January31, 2014and 2013, respectively. No warrants were exercised or canceled during fiscal 2013 and 2012.Convertible Subordinated NotesPlease refer to Note 6 - Debt.NOTE 16 STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY On November 27, 2013, the Company closed its public offering of 3,450,000shares of the Companys common stock, including450,000shares issued in connection with an overallotment option exercised by the underwriters, at a price to the public of $650per share. Aggregate net proceeds from the offering were$20,493,000after deducting $1,680,000in underwriting discounts and commissions, and offering expenses incurred by the Company of$158,000.NOTE 17 SUBSEQUENT EVENTSOn February 3, 2014, the Company completed the previously announced acquisition of Unibased Systems Architecture,Inc. Unibased, a provider of patient access solutions, including enterprise scheduling and surgery management software, for healthcare organizations throughout the United States, pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger dated January16, 2014 the Merger Agreement for a total purchase price of $6,500,000, subject to net working capital and other customary adjustments. A portion of the total purchase price was withheld in escrow as described in the Merger Agreement for certain transaction and indemnification expenses62Index to Financial StatementsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ContinuedPursuant to the Merger Agreement, Streamline acquired all of the issued and outstanding common stock of Unibased, and Unibased became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Streamline the Merger. The Merger was approved by the requisite consent of stockholders of Unibased. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, Unibased stockholders received cash for each share of Unibased common stock held.Schedule IIValuation and Qualifying Accounts and ReservesStreamline Health Solutions, Inc.For the two years ended January31,  Beginning of PeriodChargedto Costs and ExpensesCharged to Other AccountsDeductionsBalanceat Endof Periodin thousandsYear ended January31, 2014:Allowance for doubtful  ended January31, 2013:Allowance for doubtful  In And Disagreements With Accountants On Accounting AndFinancial DisclosureNot applicable.