Item8, Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  Interest and Other Income  Interest and other income predominately relates to the interest earned from our holdings of cash equivalents and investments. Interest and other income
was $53 million, $38 million and $46 million in fiscal 2005, 2004 
26 Table of Contents
and 2003, respectively. The increase in interest and other income, net in fiscal 2005 over 2004 was primarily due to a general increase in interest rates on
our investments, while the decrease in fiscal 2004 over 2003 was primarily due to a general decreases in interest rates.  Provision for Income Taxes  The provision for income taxes was $19 million, $16 million and $04 million for fiscal 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively. The $03 million increase in
fiscal 2005 from fiscal 2004, and the $12 million increase in fiscal 2004 from fiscal 2003, was mainly a result of increased taxable income in certain higher taxed jurisdictions outside the U.S. Although we had a loss before income tax in fiscal
2005, we had a tax expense as we had taxable income in certain tax jurisdictions, which could not be offset against losses in other tax jurisdictions. See Item8, Note 5, Income Taxes of the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for NOL carry forward and other income tax details.  Recent
Accounting Pronouncements  In July 2005, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board FASB issued an Exposure Draft of a proposed Interpretation Accounting for Uncertain Tax Positionsan interpretation of FASB Statement No109. Under the proposed Interpretation, a company would
recognize in its financial statements its best estimate of the benefit of a tax position, only if the tax position is considered probable of being sustained on audit based solely on the technical merits of the tax position. In evaluating whether the
probable recognition threshold has been met, the proposed Interpretation would require the presumption that the tax position will be evaluated during an audit by taxing authorities. The proposed Interpretation would be effective as of the end of the
first fiscal year ending after December15, 2005, with a cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle to be recorded upon the initial adoption. The proposed Interpretation would apply to all tax positions and only benefits from tax
positions that meet the probable recognition threshold at or after the effective date would be recognized. The Company is currently analyzing the proposed Interpretation and have not determined its potential impact on our Consolidated Financial
Statements. While we cannot predict with certainty the rules in the final Interpretation, there is risk that the final Interpretation could result in a cumulative effect charge to earnings upon adoption, increases in future effective tax rates,
and/or increases in future interperiod effective tax rate volatility.  In May 2005, the FASB issued SFAS No154 SFAS 154, Accounting Changes and Error Correctionsa replacement of APB Opinion No20 and FASB Statement No3. SFAS 154 shall be effective for accounting
changes and corrections of errors made in fiscal years beginning after December15, 2005. SFAS 154 replaces APB Opinion No20, Accounting Changes, and FASB Statement No3, Reporting Accounting Changes in Interim Financial
Statements, and changes the requirements for the accounting for and reporting of a change in accounting principle. SFAS 154 applies to all voluntary changes in accounting principle, and it also applies to changes required by an accounting
pronouncement in the unusual instance that the pronouncement does not include specific transition provisions. When a pronouncement includes specific transition provisions, those provisions should be followed. The Company is evaluating the
requirements of SFAS 154 and does not expect the application of SFAS 154 to have a material impact on its results of operations or financial position.  In March 2005, the FASB issued Interpretation No. FIN 47, Accounting for Conditional Asset Retirement Obligations, to clarify the requirement to
record liabilities stemming from a legal obligation to clean up and retire fixed assets, such as a plant or factory, when an asset retirement depends on a future event. The Company evaluated the requirements of FIN 47 and concluded that the
application of FIN 47 does not have a material impact on its results of operations or financial position.  In December 2004, the FASB revised SFAS No123 SFAS 123R, Share-Based Payment, which requires companies to expense the
estimated fair value of employee stock options and similar awards. The accounting provisions of SFAS 123R will be effective for the Company beginning on October1, 2005. The Company is in the process of determining how the new method of
valuing stock-based compensation as prescribed in SFAS 123R will be applied to valuing stock-based awards granted after the effective date. 
27 Table of Contents
In March 2005, the SEC staff issued guidance on SFAS 123R. Staff Accounting Bulletin No107
SAB107 was issued to assist preparers by simplifying some of the implementation challenges of SFAS 123R while enhancing the information that investors receive. SAB 107 creates a framework that is premised on two overarching
themes: aconsiderable judgment will be required by preparers to successfully implement SFAS 123R, specifically when valuing employee stock options; and breasonable individuals, acting in good faith, may conclude differently on the
fair value of employee stock options. Key topics covered by SAB 107 include: avaluation models SAB 107 reinforces the flexibility allowed by SFAS 123R to choose an option-pricing model that meets the standards fair value
measurement objective; bexpected volatility SAB 107 provides guidance on when it would be appropriate to rely exclusively on either historical or implied volatility in estimating expected volatility; and cexpected term 
the new guidance includes examples and some simplified approaches to determining the expected term under certain circumstances. The Company will apply the principles of SAB 107 in conjunction with its adoption of SFAS 123R. The Company believes
adoption of SFAS No123R will have a material impact on its results of operations and financial condition.  In December 2004, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued SFAS No153, Exchanges of Nonmonetary Assets, an amendment of APB
Opinion No29. SFAS No153 addresses the measurement of exchanges of nonmonetary assets and redefines the scope of transactions that should be measured based on the fair value of the assets exchanged. SFAS No153 is effective for
nonmonetary asset exchanges beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2006. The Company does not believe adoption of SFAS No153 will have a material adverse impact on its results of operations and financial condition.  In December 2004, the FASB issued Staff Position SFAS No109-1,
Application of FASB Statement No109, Accounting for Income Taxes FSP No109-1 to the Tax Deduction on Qualified Production Activities Provided by the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004 which was signed into law by the
President of the United States on October22, 2004. Companies that qualify for the recent tax laws deduction for domestic production activities must account for it as a special deduction under SFAS No109 and reduce their tax
expense in the period or periods the amounts are deductible, according to FSP No109-1. The FASBs guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the Companys results of operations and financial condition.  In December 2004, the FASB also issued Staff Position SFAS No109-2,
Accounting and Disclosure Guidance for the Foreign Earnings Repatriation Provision FSP No109-2 within the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004. The Act provides for a one-time deduction of 85 percent of certain foreign earnings
that are repatriated in either an enterprises last tax year that began before the date of enactment, or the first tax year that begins during the one year period beginning on the date of enactment. FSP No109-2 allows companies
additional time to evaluate whether foreign earnings will be repatriated under the repatriation provisions of the new tax law and requires specified disclosures for companies needing the additional time to complete the evaluation. The Company is
currently evaluating the repatriation provisions of the Act to determine whether it will make repatriations under the Act.  Liquidity and Capital Resources  As of September 30, 2005, we had $537 million in cash and cash equivalents and $1042 million in marketable securities, as compared to $382 million in
cash and cash equivalents and $1553 million in marketable securities as of September 30, 2004. The net decrease in cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities for fiscal 2005, which was $357 million, was due primarily to cash used in the
acquisition of businesses of $481 million, open market purchases of our stock of $99 million under our previously announced stock repurchase program, capital expenditures of $60 million, and the purchase of patents for $20 million. These
uses of cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities were partially offset by cash provided by operating activities of $269 million. The most significant adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities were
the net increase in deferred revenue of $304 million and the increase in net accounts receivable of $188 million due to increased bookings in fiscal 2005 compared to fiscal 2004, depreciation and amortization expense of $91 million, and the net
increase in accrued expenses of $68 million. In addition to the cash provided by operating activities, we also received $64 million for proceeds from the issuance of common stock. 
28 Table of Contents
As of September 30, 2004, we had $382 million in cash and cash equivalents and $1553 million in
marketable securities, as compared to $515 million in cash and cash equivalents and $1386 million in marketable securities as of September 30, 2003. The net increase in cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities for fiscal 2004, which was
$35 million, was due primarily to cash provided by operating activities of $84 million and proceeds from the issuance of common stock of $44 million. These sources of cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities were partially offset by
capital expenditures of $32 million and open market purchases of our stock of $45 million under our previously announced stock repurchase program. The most significant adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating
activities were depreciation and amortization expenses of $98 million, the increase in net accounts receivables of $65 million which was primarily the result of increased revenue in fiscal 2004 compared to fiscal 2003, the net increase in prepaid
expenses and other current assets of $26 million which was primarily as a result of the Company entering into prepaid time based royalty contracts during fiscal 2004, the net decrease in accounts payable of $26 million primarily as a result of a
greater percentage of payables becoming due in the final quarter of fiscal 2004 in comparison to fiscal 2003, and the net increase in deferred revenue of $39 million which is attributable to the increase in our customer base in fiscal 2004.
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  We do not have any financial partnerships with unconsolidated entities, such
as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, which are often established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. Accordingly, we are not
exposed to any financing, liquidity, market or credit risk that could arise if we had such relationships.  Contractual Obligations  The following summarizes our contractual obligations at September30, 2005 and the effect the contractual obligations is expected to have on our liquidity and cash flow in future periods in millions.  Total
Lessthan1 year
PaymentDueByPeriod
Morethan5years 1-3years 
3-5years Operating leases 194 61 78 35 20
Operating lease
commitments include amounts due for future lease payments on facilities we have exited as part of our restructuring activities.  We believe that our current cash balances and the cash flows generated by operations, if any, will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for
working capital and capital expenditures for the next 12 months. Thereafter, if cash generated from operations is insufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements, we may seek to sell additional equity or convertible debt securities or obtain
credit facilities. The decision to sell additional equity or debt securities could be made at any time and would likely result in additional dilution to our stockholders. A portion of our cash may be used to acquire or invest in complementary
businesses or products or to obtain the right to use complementary technologies. From time to time, in the ordinary course of business, we evaluate potential acquisitions of such businesses, products or technologies.  Working Capital  Our working capital was $946 million at September30, 2005 compared to $194 million at September30, 2004, an
increase of $752 million or 387%. The increase in working capital was primarily the result of the $154 million increase in cash and cash equivalents, the $630 million increase in short-term investments, the $199 million increase in net accounts
receivables, offset by the $120 million increase in accrued expenses, and by the $153 million increase in deferred revenue, current portion. 
29 Table of Contents
RISK FACTORS  The following factors, in addition to the other information contained in this Form 10-K, should be considered carefully in
evaluating the Company and our prospects. This Form 10-K including without limitation the following Risk Factors contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 regarding the Company and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Words such as expects, anticipates, intends, plans,
believes, seeks, estimates and similar expressions or variations of such words are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements in this
Form 10-K. Additionally, statements concerning future matters such as the development of new products, enhancements or technologies, possible changes in legislation and other statements regarding matters that are not historical are forward-looking
statements.  Although forward-looking statements in this Form
10-K reflect the good faith judgment of our management, such statements can only be based on facts and factors we currently know about. Consequently, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, and actual results
and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences in results and outcomes include, but are not limited to, those discussed below
or elsewhere in this Form 10-K. Readers are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Form 10-K. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements in
order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this Form 10-K.  Our operating results may vary as a result of economic uncertainties.  We face uncertainty in the degree to which the economic slowdown experienced over the 2001 to 2003 fiscal years will continue to negatively affect growth
and capital spending by our existing and potential customers. We continue to experience instances of customers delaying or deferring licenses of our software and maintenance agreement, and longer lead times needed to close our customer sales. In
addition, recent political turmoil in many parts of the world, including terrorist and military actions, may continue to put pressure on global economic conditions. Although there have been signs of improvement in general economic conditions, the
improved conditions may not continue or lead to significantly improved demand for our software. If the economic conditions that affect our customers and our part of the software industry in the United States and globally do not show continued
improvement, or if we experience a worsening in the global economic slowdown, we may continue to experience material adverse impacts on our business, operating results, and financial condition. We may not be able to accurately anticipate the
magnitude of these impacts on future quarterly and annual results.  If
our accounting controls and procedures are circumvented or otherwise fail to achieve their intended purposes, our business could be seriously harmed. 
We have instituted remedial measures concerning our accounting controls and procedures in the past year in response to the restatement of our financial
statements described in our Forms 10-K and 10-Q filed on May17, 2004, and in order to comply with SEC rules effective for us for years ending on or after November15, 2004, relating to internal control over financial reporting adopted
pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. However, we may not be able to prevent all instances of accounting errors or fraud in the future. Our controls and procedures do not provide absolute assurance that all deficiencies in design or operation
of these control systems, or all instances of errors or fraud, will be prevented or detected. These control systems are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving the goals of these systems in light of legal requirements, our resources
and nature of our business operations. These control systems remain subject to risks of human error and the risk that controls can be circumvented for wrongful purposes by one or more individuals in management or non-management positions. Our
business could be seriously harmed by any material failure of these control systems. 
30 Table of Contents
Our operating results may vary from quarter to quarter, causing our stock price to fluctuate. 
Our operating results have in the past, and will continue to be, subject
to quarterly and annual fluctuations. Our quarterly revenues and operating results in geographic segments that we track fluctuate and are difficult to predict. It is possible that in some quarter or quarters our operating results will be below the
expectations of public market analysts or investors. In such event, or in the event adverse conditions prevail, or are perceived to prevail, with respect to our business or financial markets generally, the market price of our common stock may
decline significantly.  We typically realize a significant
portion of our license revenues in the last month of a quarter, frequently in the last weeks or even days of a quarter. As a result, license revenues in any quarter are difficult to forecast because it is substantially dependent on orders booked and
shipped in that quarter. Moreover, our sales cycle, from initial evaluation to delivery of software, varies substantially from customer to customer. Further, we base our expense levels in part on forecasts of future orders and sales, which are
extremely difficult to predict. A substantial portion of our operating expenses is related to personnel, facilities, and sales and marketing programs. The level of spending for such expenses cannot be adjusted quickly and is, therefore, relatively
fixed in the short term. Accordingly, our operating results will be harmed if revenues fall below our expectations in a particular quarter. In addition, the number and timing of large individual sales has been difficult for us to predict, and large
individual sales have, in some cases, occurred in quarters subsequent to those we anticipated, or have not occurred at all. The loss or deferral of one or more significant sales in a quarter could harm our operating results.  Because of these fluctuations we believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons
of our operating results are not necessarily meaningful or indicative of our future performance. A number of other factors are likely to cause these variations, including:  changes in the demand for our software products and services and the level of product and price competition that we encounter;  the timing of new hires and our ability to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel, including changes in our sales incentives;  the mix of products and services sold, including the mix of sales to new and existing customers and through third-party distributors and our direct sales force;
changes in the mix of, and lack of demand from, distribution channels through which our products are sold;  the length of our sales cycles and the success of our new customer generation activities;  spending patterns and budgetary resources of our customers on network management software solutions;  product life-cycles and the timing of introductions or enhancements of products, or delays in the introductions or enhancements of our products and those of our competitors;
market acceptance of new products;  changes in the renewal rate of maintenance agreements;  fluctuations in our gross margins;  our ability to achieve targeted cost reductions;  actual events, circumstances, outcomes and amounts differing from judgments, assumptions and estimates used in determining the value of certain assets, liabilities and other items
reflected in our financial statements;  expansion of international operations, including gains and losses on the conversion to United States dollars of accounts receivable and accounts payable arising from international
operations and the mix of international and domestic revenue; 
31 Table of Contents the extent of market consolidation; and  software defects and other product quality problems.  Therefore, operating results for a particular future period are difficult to predict and prior results are not necessarily indicative of results to be
expected in future periods. Any of the foregoing factors, or others discussed elsewhere herein, could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition and stock price.  Failure to align our employee base with our business may adversely affect our financial
results.  Over the past few years, we have added
customers, personnel and expanded the scope and geographic area of our operations that have placed and will continue to place a significant strain upon our management and our operating and financial systems and resources. Given the uncertainties
discussed in this Risk Factors section, together with factors that might affect our ability to quickly expand or contract our work force around the world, it is difficult to predict future requirements for the number and type of employees in the
fields and geographies in which we operate. Failure to align employee skills and populations with revenue and market requirements would have a material adverse impact on our business and its operating results.  Our restructuring of operations may not achieve the results we intend and may harm our
business.  In the quarters ended September30,
2002 and December31, 2002, we initiated plans to streamline operations and reduce expenses, which included cuts in discretionary spending, reductions in capital expenditures, reductions in the work force and consolidation of certain office
locations, as well as other steps to reduce expenses. The implementation of our restructuring plans has placed, and may continue to place, a significant strain on our managerial, operational, financial, employee and other resources. Additionally,
the Company periodically engages in internal reorganizations and/or integrating acquired companies or technologies that may negatively affect our performance and our employee turnover as well as recruiting and retention of important employees. It is
possible that these reductions could impair our marketing, sales and customer support efforts or alter our product development plans. If we experience difficulties in carrying out the restructuring plans, our expenses could increase more quickly
than we expect. If we find that our planned restructurings do not achieve our objectives, it may be necessary to implement further reduction of our expenses, to perform additional reductions in our headcount, or to undertake additional
restructurings of our business.  We may fail to support our operations.
To succeed in the implementation of our business
strategy, we must execute our sales strategy and further develop products and expand service capabilities, while managing future operations by implementing effective planning and operating processes. If we fail to manage effectively, our business
could suffer. To manage, we must:  successfully manage the business with fewer employees due to the restructuring plans;  continue to implement and improve our operational, financial and management information systems;  hire, train and retain qualified personnel, especially if the business climate improves;  continue to expand and upgrade core technologies;  effectively manage multiple relationships with various OEMs, resellers and system integrators; and  successfully integrate the businesses of our acquired companies.  We need to continue to expand our distribution channels and retain our existing third-party distributors.  We need to continue to develop relationships with leading network equipment
and telecommunications providers and to expand our third-party channels of distribution through OEMs, resellers and systems integrators. We currently invest significant resources to develop these relationships and channels of distribution, which
could 
32 Table of Contents
reduce our ability to generate profits. Third-party distributors accounted for approximately 47%, 46% and 48% of our total revenues in fiscal 2005, 2004 and
2003, respectively. Our business will be harmed if we are not able to retain and attract additional distributors that market our products effectively. Further, many of our agreements with third-party distributors are nonexclusive, and many of the
companies with which we have agreements also have similar agreements with our competitors or potential competitors. Certain of our third-party distributors have significantly greater sales and marketing resources than we do, and their sales and
marketing efforts may conflict with our direct sales efforts. In addition, although sales through third-party distributors result in reduced sales and marketing expense with respect to such sales, we sell our products to third-party distributors at
reduced prices, resulting in lower gross margins on such third-party sales. We believe that our success in penetrating markets for our fault and service level management applications depends substantially on our ability to maintain our current
distribution relationships, in particular, those with Cisco Systems, IBM, Ericsson, Unisphere Siemens, Alcatel and Sun Microsystems. Our business will be harmed if network equipment and telecommunications providers and distributors discontinue
their relationships with us, compete directly with us or form additional competing arrangements with our competitors.  We are dependent on the market for software designed for use with advanced communications services, this market is very dynamic and difficult to predict.
The market for our products is in constant flux and
in significant areas is not highly penetrated. Although the rapid expansion and increasing complexity of computer networks in recent years and the resulting emergence of service level agreements has increased, the demand for fault and service level
management software products, the awareness of and the need for such products is a recent development. Therefore, it is difficult to assess the size of this market, the appropriate features and prices for products to address this market, the optimal
distribution strategy and the competitive environment that will develop.  We are substantially dependent upon telecommunications carriers and other service providers continuing to purchase our products.  Telecommunications carriers, including Internet service providers, that deliver advanced communications services to their customers accounted for
approximately 60%, 64% and 60% of our total revenues in fiscal 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively. In addition, these providers are an important focus of our sales strategy. If these customers cease to deploy advanced communications services for any
reason, the market for our products will be harmed. Also, delays in the introduction of advanced services or the failure of such services to gain widespread market acceptance or the decision of telecommunications carriers and other service providers
not to use our products in the deployment of these services would harm our business.  Consolidations in, or a continued slowdown in, the telecommunications industry could harm our business.  We have derived and expect to continue to derive a substantial amount of our revenues from sales of products and related services to the
telecommunications industry. The telecommunications industry has experienced significant consolidation in the past few years. Capital spending by this industry has decreased and may continue to decrease in the future as a result of a general decline
in economic growth in local and international markets. Recent indicators, however, suggest that certain sectors have stabilized. Our business is highly dependent on the telecommunications industry and on continued capital spending by our customers
in that industry. In the event of further significant slowdown in capital spending of the telecommunications industry, our business would be adversely affected. Furthermore, as a result of industry consolidation, there may be fewer potential
customers requiring our software in the future. Larger, consolidated telecommunications companies may also use their purchasing power to create pressure on the prices and the margins we could realize.  Our business depends on the continued growth in use and improvement of the Internet.
A significant portion of our revenues comes from
telecommunications carriers, Internet service providers and other customers that rely upon or are driven by the Internet. As a result, our future results of operations 
33 Table of Contents
substantially depend on the continued acceptance and use of the Internet as a medium for commerce and communication. Our business could be harmed if this
growth does not continue or if the rate of technological innovation, deployment or use of the Internet slows or declines.  Furthermore, the growth and development of the market for Internet-based services may prompt the introduction of new laws and regulations. Laws, which
impose additional burdens on those companies that conduct business online, could decrease the expansion of the use of the Internet. A decline in the growth of the Internet could decrease demand for our products and services and increase our cost of
doing business, or otherwise harm our business, which could result in a material adverse effect on the market price of our common stock.  We face intense competition, including from larger competitors with greater resources than our own, which could result in our losing market share or experiencing a
decline in gross margins.  We face intense competition
in our markets. As we enter new markets, we encounter additional, market-specific competitors. In addition, because the software market has relatively low barriers to entry, we are aware of new and potential entrants in portions of our market space.
Increased competition is likely to result in price reductions and may result in reduced gross margins and loss of market share.  Further, many of our competitors have longer operating histories and have significantly greater financial, technical, sales, marketing and other
resources, as well as greater name recognition and a larger customer base, than we do. As a result, they may be able to devote greater resources to the development, promotion, sale and support of their products or to respond more quickly to new or
emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements than we can. Existing competitors could also increase their market share by bundling products having functionality offered by our products with their current applications. Moreover, our
current and potential competitors may increase their share of the fault and service level management market by strategic alliances and/or the acquisition of competing companies. In addition, network operating system vendors could introduce new or
upgrade and extend existing operating systems or environments that include functionality offered by our products, which could render our products obsolete and unmarketable.  Our current and prospective competitors offer a variety of solutions to address the fault and service level and enterprise
network management markets and generally fall within the following five categories:  customers internal design and development organizations that produce service level management and network management applications for their particular needs, in some cases
using multiple instances of products from hardware and software vendors such as Hewlett-Packard Company;  vendors of network and systems management frameworks including Computer Associates International, Inc.;  vendors of network and systems management applications including Hewlett-Packard Company and BMC Software, Inc;  providers of specific market applications; and  systems integrators serving the telecommunications industry which primarily provide programming services to develop customer specific applications including TTI and Agilent
Technologies, Inc.  Many of our existing and
potential customers and distributors continuously evaluate whether to design and develop their own network operations support and management applications or purchase them from outside vendors. Sometimes these customers internally design and develop
their own software solutions for their particular needs and therefore may be reluctant to purchase products offered by independent vendors such as ours. As a result, we must continuously educate existing and prospective customers as to the
advantages of our products versus internally developed network operations support and management applications. 
34 Table of Contents
If we ship products that contain defects, the market acceptance of our products and our reputation will be harmed,
and our customers could seek to recover their damages from us.  Complex software products frequently contain errors or defects, especially when first introduced or when new versions or enhancements are released. Because of defects, we could continue to experience delays in or failure of market
acceptance of products, or damage to our reputation or relationships with our customers. Any defects and errors in new versions or enhancements of our products after commencement of commercial shipments would harm our business.  In addition, because our products are used to monitor and address network
problems and avoid failures of the network to support critical business functions, any design defects, software errors, misuse of our products, incorrect data from network elements or other potential problems within or out of our control that may
arise from the use of our products could result in financial or other damages to our customers. Our customers could seek to have us pay for these losses. Although we maintain product liability insurance, it may not be adequate. Further, although our
license agreements with our customers typically contain provisions designed to limit our exposure to potential claims as well as any liabilities arising from such claims, such provisions may not effectively protect us against such claims and the
liability and costs associated therewith.  The sales cycle for our
software products is long, and the delay or failure to complete one or more large license transactions in a quarter could cause our operating results to fall below our expectations.  Our sales cycle is highly customer specific and can vary from a few weeks to
many months. The software requirements of customers is highly dependent on many factors, including but not limited to their projections of business growth, capital budgets and anticipated cost savings from implementation of our software. Our delay
or failure to complete one or more large license transactions in a quarter could harm our operating results. Our software is generally used for division-wide or enterprise-wide, business-critical purposes and involves significant capital commitments
by customers. Potential customers generally commit significant resources to an evaluation of available enterprise software and require us to expend substantial time, effort and money educating them about the value of our solutions. Licensing of our
software products often requires an extensive sales effort throughout a customers organization because decisions to license such software generally involve the evaluation of the software by a significant number of customer personnel in various
functional and geographic areas, each often having specific and conflicting requirements. A variety of factors, including actions by competitors and other factors over which we have little or no control, may cause potential customers to favor a
particular supplier or to delay or forego a purchase.  We depend on our
key personnel, and the loss of any of our key personnel could harm our business.  Our success is substantially dependent upon a limited number of key management, sales, product development, technical services and customer support personnel. The loss of the services of one or more of such key
employees could harm our business. In addition, we are dependent upon our continuing ability to attract, train and retain additional highly qualified management, sales, product development, technical services and customer support personnel. We have
at times experienced and continue to experience difficulty in recruiting qualified personnel. Also, the volatility or lack of positive performance in our stock price may also adversely affect our ability to attract and retain key employees, who
often expect to realize value from stock options. Because we face intense competition in our recruiting activities, we may be unable to attract and/or retain qualified personnel. Our success depends upon the performance of our executive officers and
other key employees and the ability of our management team to work together effectively. There can be no assurance that the management team will be able to work together effectively, and the effective execution of our business strategy will depend
in large part on how well key management and other personnel perform in their positions and are integrated within our Company. 
35 Table of Contents
We have relied on stock options and Employee Stock Purchase Plan participation as a significant element of our
compensation philosophy, and the requirement to expense options could negatively affect this.  We are required to account for options under our employee stock plans as a compensation expense starting in our 2006 fiscal year, which will significantly
reduce our net income and earnings per share in future periods. We are not currently required to record any compensation expense in connection with option grants to employees that have an exercise price at or above fair market value or purchases
under the terms of the Employee Stock Purchase Plan. This new accounting standard will require us to estimate and record fair value of all stock options and shares purchased under our employee stock plans as compensation expense in our consolidated
statements of operations for quarterly periods beginning October1, 2006. We cannot predict with certainty at this time whether additional changes in accounting standards or new laws or regulations will affect the timing or calculation of these
expense charges, or whether and how these expense charges may affect our equity compensation plans and practices and ability to retain and motivate our employees.  We have acquired other businesses and we may make additional acquisitions in the future, which will complicate our management tasks
and could result in substantial expenditures.  We have
acquired other businesses and we may make additional acquisitions in the future, which will complicate our management tasks and could result in substantial expenditures. In August 2003, we completed the acquisition of NETWORK HARMONi, Inc. NHI a
former OEM partner and developer of intelligent agents which provides the core data collection technology within Netcool/System Service Monitors Netcool/SSMs and
Netcool/Application Service Monitors Netcool/ASMs, which gather realtime information about distributed systems, servers, and applications across the IT infrastructure. NHIs OpCenter
product is a lightweight centralized IT management and problem resolution system that is ideally tailored for mid-sized enterprise IT infrastructures. The Company also assumed several pending patent applications that had already been filed by NHI.
On June1, 2005, we completed the acquisition of Quallaby Corporation, a privately-held software company based in Lowell, Massachusetts. On August1, 2005, we completed the acquisition of GuardedNet, Inc., a privately-held software company
based in Atlanta, Georgia. In December, 2004, the Company acquired 8 patents from SBC Knowledge Ventures, Inc., relating to network management software and telephone paging technology, for the purpose of building its patent portfolio and for use in
the patent litigation described in detail in Item3 Legal Proceedings. Because of these acquisitions, we are integrating distinct products, customers and corporate cultures into our own. These past and potential future acquisitions
create numerous risks for us, including:  failure to successfully assimilate acquired operations and products;  diversion of our managements attention from other matters;  loss of key employees of acquired companies;  substantial transaction costs;  substantial liabilities or exposures in the acquired entity that were not known or accurately evaluated or forecast by us; and  substantial additional costs charged to operations as a result of the failure to consummate a potential acquisition.  Further, some of the products we acquire could require significant additional
development before they can be marketed and may not generate revenue at levels we anticipate. Moreover, our future acquisitions, if any, may result in issuances of our equity securities which dilute our stockholders, the incurrence of debt, large
one-time write-offs and creation of goodwill or other intangible assets that could result in amortization and impairment expense. It is possible that our efforts to consummate or integrate acquisitions will not be successful, which would harm our
business. 
36 Table of Contents
We have relied and expect to continue to rely on a limited number of products for a significant portion of our
revenues.  All of our revenues have been derived from
licenses for our Netcool family of products and related maintenance, training and consulting services. We currently expect that Netcool/OMNIbus-related revenues will continue to account for a substantial percentage of our revenues beyond fiscal 2005
and for the foreseeable future thereafter. Although we have other products, our future operating results, particularly in the near term, are significantly dependent upon the continued market acceptance of Netcool/OMNIbus, improvements to the product
and new and enhanced Netcool/OMNIbus applications. Our business will be harmed if Netcool/OMNIbus does not continue to achieve market acceptance or if we fail to develop and market improvements to Netcool/OMNIbus or new or enhanced products. The
life cycles of Netcool/OMNIbus, including its applications, are difficult to estimate due in large part to the recent emergence of many of our markets, the effect of future product enhancements and competition. A decline in the demand for
Netcool/OMNIbus as a result of competition, technological change or other factors would harm our business.  We have relied and expect to continue to rely on a limited number of customers for a significant portion of our revenues.  We derive a significant portion of our revenues in any particular period from a limited number of customers. See
Concentration of Credit Risk in Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. We expect to derive a significant portion of our revenues from a limited number of customers in the future. If a significant customer, or group of
customers, cancels or delays orders for our products, or does not continue to purchase our products at or above historical levels, our business will be harmed. For example, pre-existing customers may be part of, or become part of, large
organizations that standardize using a competitive product. The terms of our agreements with our customers typically contain a one-time license fee and a prepayment of one year of maintenance fees. The maintenance agreement is renewable annually at
the option of the customer and there are no minimum payment obligations or obligations to license additional software. Therefore, we generally do not have long-term customer contracts upon which we can rely for future revenues.  Our business is subject to risks from global operations and we are exposed to
fluctuations in currency exchange rates.  We license
our products in foreign countries. In addition, we maintain a significant portion of our operations, including a significant portion of our software development operations, in the United Kingdom. Fluctuations in the value of these currencies
relative to the United States dollar may adversely impact our results in the future. See Note 7 Geographic and Segment Information in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information concerning revenues outside the United
States. We expect that international license, maintenance and consulting revenues will continue to account for a significant portion of our total revenues in the future. We pay the expenses of our international operations in local currencies and do
not currently engage in hedging transactions with respect to such obligations.  Our international operations and revenues involve a number of other inherent risks, including:  longer receivables collection periods and greater difficulty in accounts receivable collection;  difficulty in staffing and generally higher costs associated with managing foreign operations;  an even lengthier sales cycle than with domestic customers;  the impact of possible recessionary environments in economies outside the United States;  sales in Europe and certain other parts of the world generally are adversely affected in the quarter ending September30, as many customers reduce their business activities
during the summer months. If our international sales become a greater component of total revenue, these seasonal factors may have a more pronounced effect on our operating results; 
37 Table of Contents changes in regulatory requirements, including a slowdown in the rate of privatization of telecommunications service providers, reduced protection for intellectual property rights in
some countries and tariffs and other trade barriers;  changes in or failure to be aware of or to account for payroll, stock option, employee stock purchase and business related taxation;  political, economic or terrorism induced instability;  lack of acceptance of non-localized products;  legal and cultural differences in the conduct of business; and  immigration regulations that limit our ability to deploy our employees.  We intend to enter into additional international markets and to continue to expand our operations outside of the United States. Such expansion will
require significant management attention and expenditure of significant financial resources and could adversely affect our ability to generate profits. If we are unable to establish additional foreign operations in a timely manner, our growth in
international sales will be limited, and our business could be harmed.  Rapid technological change, including evolving industry standards and regulations and new product introductions by our competitors, could render our products obsolete.  Rapid technological change, including evolving industry standards and
regulations and new product introductions by our competitors, could render our products obsolete. As a result, the life cycles of our products are difficult to estimate and we must constantly develop, market and sell new and enhanced products. If we
fail to do so, our business will be harmed. For example, the widespread adoption of new architecture standards for managing telecommunications networks would force us to adapt our products to such standard, which we may be unable to do on a timely
basis or at all. In addition, to the extent that any product upgrade or enhancement requires extensive installation and configuration, current customers may postpone or forgo the purchase of new versions of our products. Further, the introduction or
announcement of new product offerings by us or one or more of our competitors may cause our customers to defer licensing of our existing products.  Our products operate on third-party software platforms, and we could lose market share if our products do not operate on the hardware and software operating
platforms employed by our customers.  Our products
operate on third-party software platforms and we could lose market share if our products do not operate on the hardware and software operating platforms employed by our customers. Our products are designed to operate on a variety of hardware and
software platforms employed by our customers in their networks. We must continually modify and enhance our products to keep pace with changes in hardware and software platforms and database technology. As a result, uncertainties related to the
timing and nature of new product announcements, introductions or modifications by systems vendors, particularly Sun Microsystems, Inc., International Business Machines Corporation, Hewlett-Packard Company, Cabletron Systems, Inc. and Cisco Systems,
Inc. and by vendors of relational database software, particularly Oracle Corporation and Sybase, Inc., could harm our business.  Our efforts to protect our intellectual property may not be adequate and third-parties have in the recent past claimed and may claim in the future that we are
infringing their proprietary rights.  We cannot
guarantee that the steps we have taken to protect our proprietary rights will be adequate to deter misappropriation of our intellectual property. In addition, we may not be able to detect unauthorized use of our intellectual property and take
appropriate steps to enforce our rights. If third parties infringe or misappropriate our trade secrets, copyrights, patents, trademarks or other proprietary information or intellectual property, our business could be harmed. In addition, protection
of intellectual property in many foreign countries is weaker and 
38 Table of Contents
less reliable than in the United States, so as our international operations expand, the risk that we will fail to adequately protect our intellectual
property increases. Further, while we believe that our products and trademarks do not infringe upon the proprietary rights of third parties, other parties may assert that our products infringe, or may infringe, their proprietary rights or we have
not fulfilled the terms of agreements with them. Any litigation, whether brought by or against us, may be time-consuming, result in high or unanticipated professional expenses and costs, and diversion of technical and management personnel, cause
product shipment delays or require us to develop non-infringing technology or enter into royalty, licensing or other agreements. Such royalty or licensing agreements, if required, may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. We expect
that software product developers will be increasingly subject to infringement claims as the number of products and competitors in our industry segment grows and the functionality of products in different industry segments overlaps.  See Part I, Item3 Legal Proceedings for a description of
the recently settled patent litigation.  We rely on software that we have
licensed from third-party developers to perform key functions in our products.  We rely on software that we license from third parties, including software that is integrated with internally developed software and used in our products to perform key functions. We could lose the right to use this
software or it could be made available to us only on commercially unreasonable terms. Although we believe that alternative software is available from other third-party suppliers or internal developments, the loss of or inability to maintain any of
these software licenses or the inability of the third parties to enhance in a timely and cost-effective manner their products in response to changing customer needs, industry standards or technological developments could result in delays or
reductions in product shipments by us until equivalent software could be developed internally or identified, licensed and integrated, which would harm our business.  Our stock price is volatile, exposing us to possible risks of costly and time-consuming securities class action litigation.
The market price of our common stock has been and is
likely to continue to be highly volatile. The market price may vary in response to many factors, some of which are outside our control, including:  actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results;  announcements of technological innovations, new products or new contracts by us or our competitors;  developments with respect to intellectual property rights;  adoption of new accounting standards affecting the software industry; and  general market conditions and other factors.  In addition, the stock market has from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have particularly affected the market price
for the common stock of technology companies. These types of broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a companys securities,
securities class action litigation has often been initiated against such company. Such litigation could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our managements attention and resources that could harm our business.  Our goodwill and other long-lived assets may become impaired.  Due to rapidly changing market conditions, our goodwill and other long-lived
assets may become impaired such that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable, and we may be required to record an impairment charge impacting our financial position. As of September30, 2005, we had approximately $1135 million of
goodwill and other intangible assets, which relate to the acquisitions of CAN, NetOps, RiverSoft, Lumos, NHI, Quallaby, and GuardedNet. The Company regularly performs reviews to determine if the carrying value of assets is 
39 Table of Contents
impaired. As part of our impairment assessment, we examine economic conditions, products, customer base and geography. Based on these criteria, we determine
which products we will continue to support and sell and, thereby, determine which assets will continue to have future strategic value and benefit. No such impairment has been indicated to date. Asset impairment charges of this nature could be large
and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and reported results of operations.  Future sales of our common stock may affect the market price of our common stock.  As of September30, 2005, we had approximately 824million shares of common stock outstanding, excluding approximately 187million shares
subject to options outstanding as of such date under our stock option plans that are exercisable at prices ranging from approximately $023 to $10622 per share. We cannot predict the effect, if any, that future sales of common stock or the
availability of shares of common stock for future sale, will have on the market price of common stock prevailing from time to time. Sales of substantial amounts of common stock including shares issued upon the exercise of stock options, or the
perception such sales could occur, may materially and adversely affect prevailing market prices for common stock. In addition, tax charges resulting from the exercise of stock options could adversely affect the reported results of operations.
We have various mechanisms in place to discourage takeover attempts.
Certain provisions of our certificate of
incorporation and bylaws and certain provisions of Delaware law could delay or make difficult a change in control of Micromuse that a stockholder may consider favorable. The provisions include:  blank check preferred stock that could be used by our board of directors to increase the number of outstanding shares and thwart a takeover attempt; and
a classified board of directors with staggered, two-year, terms, which may lengthen the time required to gain control of the board of directors  In addition, Section203 of the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware, which is applicable to us, and our stock incentive plans, may discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of Micromuse.  Changes in effective tax rates could affect our results.  Our future effective tax rates could be adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in countries where we have lower statutory rates,
changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, or by changes in tax laws or interpretations thereof.  Our business is especially subject to the risks of earthquakes, floods and other natural catastrophic events, and to interruption by manmade problems such as
computer viruses or terrorism.  Our corporate
headquarters are located in San Francisco, California a region known for seismic activity. A significant natural disaster, such as an earthquake or a flood, could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial
condition. In addition, our servers are vulnerable to computer viruses, break-ins and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering with our computer systems. Any such event could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results
and financial condition. In addition, the effects of war or acts of terrorism could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. The continued threat of terrorism and heightened security and military
action in response to this threat, or any future acts of terrorism, may cause further disruptions to these economies and create further uncertainties. To the extent that such disruptions or uncertainties result in delays or cancellations of customer
orders, or the manufacture or shipment of our products, our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 
40 Table of Contents Item7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  Foreign Currency Hedging Instruments 
We operate internationally and transact business in various foreign currencies and thus we are exposed to potentially adverse movements in foreign
currency rate changes. This exposure is primarily related to local currency denominated revenues and operating expenses in the U.K. We have entered into foreign exchange forward contracts to reduce our exposure to foreign currency rate changes on
receivables, payables and intercompany balances denominated in a nonfunctional currency. The objective of these contracts is to neutralize the impact of foreign currency exchange rate movements on our operating results. These contracts require us to
exchange currencies at rates agreed upon at the inception of the contracts. These contracts reduce the exposure to fluctuations in exchange rate movements because the gains and losses associated with foreign currency balances and transactions are
generally offset with the gains and losses of the foreign exchange forward contracts. Because the impact of movements in currency exchange rates on forward contracts offsets the related impact on the underlying items being hedged, these financial
instruments help alleviate the risk that might otherwise result from changes in currency exchange rates. To date, we have not designated our foreign exchange forward contracts as accounting hedges and, accordingly, if such forward contracts remained
open at period end, we would adjust these instruments to fair value through earnings in the period of change in their fair value. However, as of September30, 2005, no hedging contracts were outstanding.  Fixed Income Investments  The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve principal
while maximizing yields without significantly increasing risk. Our exposure to market risks for changes in interest rates relate primarily to investments in debt securities issued by U.S. government agencies and corporate debt securities. We place
our investments with high credit quality issuers and, by policy, limit the amount of the credit exposure to any one issuer.  Our general policy is to limit the risk of principal loss and ensure the safety of invested funds by limiting market and credit risk. All highly liquid
investments with less than three months to maturity at the reporting date are considered to be cash equivalents; investments with maturities at the reporting date between three and twelve months are considered to be short-term investments;
investments with maturities in excess of twelve months at the reporting date are considered to be long-term investments. The weighted average pre-tax interest rate on the investment portfolio is approximately 28%. 
41 Table of Contents Item8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  MICROMUSE INC  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS In thousands, except par value amounts
As of September30 2005 2004 ASSETS Current assets Cash and cash equivalents 53,657 38,232 Restricted cash 2,000 Short-term investments 87,422 24,469 Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $791 and $1,042 as of September 2005 and 2004, respectively 39,790 19,901 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 12,307 8,893 Total current assets 195,176 91,495 Property and equipment, net 7,396 5,002 Long-term investments 16,811 130,873 Goodwill 95,105 50,240 Other intangible assets, net 18,350 6,743 Total assets 332,838 284,353 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities Accounts payable 4,118 4,283 Accrued expenses 32,446 20,408 Income taxes payable 7,869 6,460 Deferred revenue 56,183 40,912 Total current liabilities 100,616 72,063 Long-term deferred revenue 22,797 3,023 Commitments and contingencies Note 8 Stockholders equity Preferred stock; $001 par value; 5,000 shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding Common stock; $001 par value; 200,000 shares authorized; 82,434 and 79,982 shares issued and outstanding as of September30, 2005 and
2004, respectively 824 800 Additional paid-in capital 234,163 216,580 Treasury stock, at cost; 3,009 and 1,400 shares as of September30, 2005 and 2004, respectively 17,066 7,147 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 3,177 1,833 Deferred stock-based compensation 2,360 Retained earnings accumulated deficit 2,959 867 Total stockholders equity 209,425 209,267 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 332,838 284,353  See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
42 Table of Contents
MICROMUSE INC.  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS In thousands, except per share amounts  Year ended September30 2005 2004 2003 Revenues License 81,097 75,996 67,156 Maintenance and services 79,662 70,581 58,995 Total revenues 160,759 146,577 126,151 Cost of revenues License 6,615 5,203 4,520 Maintenance and services 15,956 11,983 10,567 Amortization of developed technology 4,200 5,908 4,313 Total cost of revenues 26,771 23,094 19,400 Gross profit 133,988 123,483 106,751 Operating expenses Sales and marketing 61,991 59,254 60,323 Research and development 35,100 31,427 29,074 General and administrative 28,312 24,236 16,813 Stock-based compensation and amortization of stock-based compensation 1,419 553 192 Write-off of in-process research and development 2,200 304 Restatement and related costs 643 5,634 Litigation settlement expense 10,900 Amortization of other intangible assets 893 196 1,225 Restructuring costs recovery 281 4,795 Total operating expenses 141,177 121,300 112,726 Income loss from operations 7,189 2,183 5,975 Interest and other income 5,304 3,847 4,565 Income loss before provision for income taxes 1,885 6,030 1,410 Provision for income taxes 1,941 1,642 372 Net income loss 3,826 4,388 1,782 Per share data Basic net income loss 005 006 002 Diluted net income loss 005 005 002 Weighted average shares used in computing Basic net income loss per share 79,251 78,479 75,981 Diluted net income loss per share 79,251 80,957 75,981 The allocation of the amortization of stock-based compensation relates to the expense categories as set forth below:  Year Ended September 30 2005
2004
2003
Cost of revenues 87 Sales and marketing 233 Research and development 524 General and administrative 575 553 192 1,419 553 192  See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
43 Table of Contents
MICROMUSE INC.  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME LOSS In thousands  Common stock
Additional paid-incapital Treasury stock Deferred stock-based compensation Accumulated other comprehensive loss Retained earnings accumulated deficit Total Stockholders Equity Comprehensive income loss for the year Shares
Amount Shares Amount Balance as of September30, 2002
75,194 752 196,849 400 2,657 580 1,739 192,625 Stock options exercised
2,191 22 10,209 10,231 Issuance of common stock under stock purchase plan
1,159 11 3,191 3,202 Tax benefit related to the exercise of stock options 36 36 Amortization of deferred employee compensation 192 192 Recruiting expense related to issuance of warrants 220 220 Foreign currency translation adjustment 968 968 968 Net loss 1,782 1,782 1,782 Balance as of September30, 2003
78,544 785 210,697 400 2,657 1,548 3,521 203,756 2,750 Stock options exercised
375 4 1,260 1,264 Issuance of common stock under stock purchase plan
1,063 11 3,146 3,157 Treasury stock purchased 1,000 4,490 4,490 Tax benefit related to the exercise of stock options 924 924 Amortization of deferred employee compensation 553 553 Foreign currency translation adjustment 285 285 285 Net income 4,388 4,388 4,388 Balance as of September30, 2004
79,982 800 216,580 1,400 7,147 1,833 867 209,267 4,103 Stock options exercised
1,885 19 4,160 4,179 Issuance of common stock under stock purchase plan
567 5 2,182 2,187 Treasury stock purchased 1,609 9,919 9,919 Tax benefit related to the exercise of stock options 1,378 1,378 Compensation expense related to accelerated vesting of employee stock options 513 513 Amortization of stock-based compensation 906 906 Deferred stock-based compensation related to stock options granted 9,495 3,411 6,084 Reversal of unamortized deferred stock-based compensation related to stock option forfeitures 145 145 Foreign currency translation adjustment 1,344 1,344 1,344 Net loss 3,826 3,826 3,826 Balance as of September30, 2005
82,434 824 234,163 3,009 17,066 2,360 3,177 2,959 209,425 5,170  See Accompanying Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 
44 Table of Contents
MICROMUSE INC.  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS In thousands  Year ended September30 2005 2004 2003 Cash flows from operating activities Net income loss 3,826 4,388 1,782 Adjustments to reconcile net income loss to net cash provided by operating activities Depreciation and amortization 9,122 9,767 11,781 Provision for recovery of doubtful accounts 103 281 709 Stock-based compensation and amortization of stock-based compensation 1,419 553 192 Expense related to issuance of warrant for services 220 Tax benefit related to the exercise of stock options 1,378 924 36 Write-off of in-process research and development 2,200 304 Loss on sale of fixed assets 163 119 Changes in operating assets and liabilities Accounts receivable 18,705 6,743 5,165 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 2,835 2,624 251 Accounts payable 538 2,566 3,945 Accrued expenses 6,822 363 4,272 Income taxes payable 1,409 92 284 Deferred revenue 30,439 3,859 3,985 Cash provided by operating activities 26,945 8,413 18,330 Cash flows from investing activities Capital expenditures 5,968 3,171 1,672 Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired 48,074 425 24,518 Payments for purchase of patents 2,000 Repayment of long term debt assumed upon acquisition 1,255 Receipt of historical Riversoft tax refund 310 Increase in restricted cash 2,000 Purchase of investments 103,531 245,115 193,173 Proceeds from the maturity of investments 154,640 228,405 134,810 Cash used in investing activities 6,623 20,306 85,808 Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from issuance of common stock 6,366 4,421 13,433 Purchase of treasury stock 9,919 4,490 Cash used in provided by financing activities 3,553 69 13,433 Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 1,344 1,284 1,845 Net increase decrease in cash and cash equivalents 15,425 13,246 55,890 Cash and cash equivalents, at beginning of year 38,232 51,478 107,368 Cash and cash equivalents, at end of year 53,657 38,232 51,478 Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information Cash paid during the yeartaxes 858 352 622
See Accompanying Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
45 Table of Contents
MICROMUSE INC.  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  Note1.
Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
Description of Business  Micromuse Inc. and its subsidiaries the Company develops and supports a family of scalable, highly configurable, rapidly deployable software
solutions for the effective monitoring and management of multiple elements underlying an enterprises information technology infrastructure. The Company maintains its U.S. headquarters in San Francisco, California, its European headquarters in
London, England and its Asia Pacific headquarters in Sydney, Australia.  Principles of Consolidation  The accompanying
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.  Reclassifications  Certain reclassifications, none of which affected net income loss, have been made to prior amounts to conform to the current year presentation. In
particular, certain amounts in fiscal 2004 and 2003 as reported on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet and Condensed Statements of Cash Flows have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. We reclassified $525 million in
auction rate securities from cash and cash equivalents to long-term investments on the September30, 2004 consolidated balance sheet. This reclassification is based on the Companys interpretation of the definition of cash equivalents
pursuant to Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No95 SFAS 95, Statement of Cash Flows.  Use of Estimates  The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and
expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from these estimates.  On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to revenue recognition, allocation of technical services department costs among expense categories, provision for doubtful accounts and sales
returns, fair value of investments, fair value of acquired intangible assets and goodwill, useful lives of intangible assets and property and equipment, income taxes, restructuring costs, and contingencies and litigation, among others. We base our
estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not
readily apparent from other sources. Actual results could differ significantly from the estimates made by management with respect to these items and other items that require managements estimates.  The costs of our technical services department are allocated between cost of
revenue, sales and marketing expenses, and research and development expenses based upon an estimate of the time spent by the technical services employees in the various departments and the areas benefited by that time. Total costs of the
technical services department were $22 million, $25 million and $23 million in fiscal years 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively. The allocation rates applied to these department costs were 30% to cost of revenue, 63% to sales and marketing, and 7% to
research and development in fiscal year 2005; 22% to cost of revenue, 73% to sales 
46 Table of Contents
and marketing, and 5% to research and development in fiscal year 2004; and 20% to cost of revenue, 75% to sales and marketing, and 5% to research and
development in fiscal year 2003. The allocation estimate is subject to change and, if changed, will impact the allocation of expenses in the statement of operations but will not impact net income or loss.  Cash Equivalents  The Company considers all highly liquid instruments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash
equivalents.  Restricted Cash  Restricted cash consists of the minimum balance required to be maintained at
a banking institution as additional security for a credit facility the Company assumed in connection with the acquisition of Quallaby Corporation in June 2005. Refer to Note 9, Credit Facility.  Concentration of Credit Risk  Financial instruments that potentially expose the Company to credit risk
consist of cash and cash equivalents, investments and accounts receivable. The Company is exposed to credit risk on its cash, cash equivalents and investments in the event of default by the financial institutions or the issuers of these investments
to the extent of the amounts recorded on the balance sheet in excess of amounts that are insured by the FDIC. Trade receivables potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk. The Company closely monitors extensions of credit and
has not experienced significant credit losses in the past. Credit losses have been provided for in the consolidated financial statements and have been within managements expectations. One third-party distributor customer accounted for
approximately 13%, 19% and 24% of revenues for the years ended September30, 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively. No third party-distributor customer accounted for more than 10% of total receivables at September30, 2005 and 2004. No end
user customer accounted for more than 10% of total revenue for fiscal 2005, 2004 and 2003. One end user customer accounted for more than 10% of total receivables at September30, 2005 and no end user customer accounted for more than 10% of
total receivables at September30, 2004.  To date, our
revenues have resulted primarily from sales to the telecommunications industry, including internet service providers ISPs. License revenues from telecommunications industry customers and ISPs combined accounted for 60%, 64% and 60% of our total
revenues in fiscal 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively.  Fair Value of
Financial Instruments  The fair value of cash and cash
equivalents, investments, accounts receivable and accounts payable for all periods presented approximates their respective carrying amounts due to the short term nature of these balances.  Investments  The Company has invested in certain marketable securities that are categorized as held-to-maturity. At September30, 2005, the Company had invested
$537 million in cash and money market funds, $606 million in debt securities issued by U.S. government agencies and $436 million in corporate notes and bonds. At September30, 2004, the Company had invested $382 million in cash and money
market funds, $416 million in debt securities issued by U.S. government agencies and $1138 million in corporate notes and bonds. The aggregate fair value of these investments, which are accounted for using the amortized cost-basis of accounting,
approximates their respective carrying value. Securities with maturities as of reporting date between three and twelve months are considered to be short-term investments, while securities with maturities as of the reporting date in excess of twelve
months are considered to be long-term investments. 
47 Table of Contents
As of September30, 2005, the contractual maturities of the Companys investment securities are
as follows$874 million within one year and $168 million between one and three years.  The following table shows our investments gross unrealized losses and fair value, aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss
position, at September30, 2005 in millions: Lessthan12months
UnrealizedLosses
12monthsor more
UnrealizedLosses
Total
UnrealizedLosses
Description of Securities
Fair Value FairValue FairValue Federal agency mortgage backed securities 75 475 05 550 05
U.S. treasuries 49 01 49 01
Corporate bonds 102 275 03 377 03
Commercial paper 178 178 Total temporarily impaired securities 404 01 750 08 1154 09  The gross unrealized
losses related to fixed income securities were due to changes in interest rates. The Companys management has determined that the gross unrealized losses on its investment securities at September30, 2005 are temporary in nature. The
Company reviews its investments to identify and evaluate investments that have indications of possible impairment. Factors considered in determining whether a loss is temporary include the length of time and extent to which fair value has been less
than the cost basis, the financial condition and near-term prospects of the investee, and the Companys intent and ability to hold the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value.
Substantially all of the Companys fixed income securities are rated investment grade or better.  Property and Equipment  Property and equipment are recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, typically two years for computer equipment
and related software and three years for furniture and fixtures. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the respective assets or the lease term.  Impairment of Long-Lived Assets  The Company evaluates its long-lived assets for impairment whenever events
or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of any asset to future net undiscounted cash flows
expected to be generated by the asset. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of
are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less the costs to sell. The Company had no impairments of long-lived assets in fiscal 2005, 2004, or 2003.  Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets  The Company reviews the carrying amount of goodwill for impairment during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year in accordance with Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards SFAS No142, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets. In addition the Company performs an impairment assessment of goodwill and other intangible assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying value of goodwill and other intangible assets may not be recoverable. Significant changes in circumstances can be both internal to the Companys strategic and financial direction, as well as changes to the competitive and economic
landscape. Changes in circumstances that are considered important for asset impairment include, but are not limited to, a 
48 Table of Contents
decrease in the Companys market capitalization, contraction of the telecommunications industry, reduction or elimination of geographic economic growth,
reductions in the Companys forecasted growth and significant changes to operating costs.  As part of the Companys impairment assessment, the Company examines economic conditions, products, customer base and geography. Based on these criteria, the Company determines which products the Company will
continue to support and sell and, thereby, determines which assets will continue to have future strategic value and benefit. If indicators suggest the carrying value of the Companys long-lived assets may not be recoverable the Company then
estimates the fair value of these long-lived assets based on the sum of the expected discounted future cash flows expected to result from the use of the assets and their eventual disposition under the requirements of SFAS No144, Accounting
for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets.  Revenue
Recognition  The Companys revenues are derived from
license revenues for its Netcool family of products, as well as associated maintenance, consulting and training services revenues. The Company recognizes revenue in accordance with Statement of Position 97-2, Software Revenue Recognition SOP
97-2, as amended by SOP 98-9, Modification of SOP 97-2, Software Revenue Recognition, With Respect to Certain Transactions SOP 98-9, and recognizes revenue using the residual method. Under the residual method, revenue is recognized when
vendor specific objective evidence of fair value exists for all of the undelivered elements in the arrangement i.e., maintenance and professional services, but does not exist for one or more of the delivered elements in the arrangement i.e., the
software product. The Company allocates revenue to each undelivered element based on its respective fair value, with the fair value determined by the price charged when that element is sold separately. The Company determines the fair value of the
maintenance portion of the arrangement to be based on the price charged to the customer when maintenance is sold separately or the option price for annual maintenance renewals included in the underlying customer contracts. The fair value of the
professional services portion of the arrangement is based on the rates that the Company charges for these services when sold independently from a software license. If evidence of fair value cannot be established for the maintenance of a license
agreement, the entire amount of revenue from the arrangement is deferred and recognized ratably over the period that this element has been delivered.  For all of its software arrangements, the Company defers revenue for the fair value of the undelivered elements and recognizes revenue for the delivered
elements when the basic criteria of SOP 97-2 have been met1 persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, 2delivery has occurred, 3the vendors fee is fixed or determinable and 4collectibility is probable. The
Company evaluates each as follows:  Persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists: For license arrangements with end-users, an arrangement is evidenced by a written contract, which is signed by both the customer and
the Company, or an equivalent document from those customers who have previously negotiated a standard license arrangement with the Company. Sales to the Companys resellers are evidenced by a master agreement governing the relationship together
with a purchase order on a transaction-by-transaction basis. For certain OEM arrangements, an arrangement is evidenced on receipt of a delivery notification to the end user. Further, in the case of arrangements with resellers and OEMs, evidence of
sell-through to an end user is required as additional evidence that an arrangement exists. Evidence of sell-through usually comes in the form of a purchase order or contract identifying the end user and sell-through shipping reports, identifying the
ship to location.  Delivery has occurred: Delivery to both our direct customers and our resellers and OEMs is considered to have occurred when media containing the licensed programs is provided to a
common carrier or, in the case of electronic delivery, the customer is given access to the fully functional licensed programs.  Fixed or determinable fee: The Company considers the fee to be fixed or determinable if the fee is not subject to refund or adjustment. If the arrangement fee is not fixed or
determinable, the Company recognizes the revenue as amounts become due and payable. 
49 Table of Contents Collection is probable: The Company conducts a credit review for all significant transactions at the time of the arrangement to determine the creditworthiness of the customer.
Collection is deemed probable if the Company expects that the customer will be able to pay amounts under the arrangement as payments become due. If the Company determines that collection is not probable, the Company defers the revenue and recognizes
the revenue upon cash collection.  Maintenance
revenues from ongoing customer support and product upgrades are deferred and recognized ratably over the term of the maintenance agreement, typically 12 months. Payments for maintenance fees on initial order or on renewal are generally made in
advance and are nonrefundable. Revenues for professional services are recognized as the services are performed. Professional services generally are not essential to the functionality of the software. Our software products are fully functional upon
delivery and do not require any significant modification or alteration.  Deferred revenue includes revenue not yet recognized as a result of deferred maintenance, professional services not yet rendered and license revenue deferred until all the requirements of SOP 97-2 are met.  For customers having a right of return, the Company estimates future returns
based on historical experience and other assumptions, to determine if an allowance is appropriate. To date, the Company has experienced an immaterial level of returns, and as a result, the Companys allowance for returns has been insignificant.
Cost of license revenue primarily includes license fees paid
to third party software vendors and fulfillment costs. Cost of maintenance and services revenue consists primarily of personnel related costs incurred in providing maintenance, consulting and training to customers.  Research and Development Cost  Research and development costs related to software products are expensed as
incurred until the technological feasibility of the product has been established. Technological feasibility in the Companys circumstances occurs when a working model is completed. After technological feasibility is established, additional
costs would be capitalized. The Company believes its process for developing software is essentially completed concurrent with the establishment of technological feasibility, and, accordingly, no research and development costs have been capitalized
to date.  Income Taxes  Income taxes are recorded using the asset and liability method. Deferred tax
assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amount of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit
carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which the temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The measurement of deferred tax
assets is reduced, if necessary, by a valuation allowance for any tax benefits that are not expected to be realized.  Accrued Sales Commissions  The Company accounts for commission accruals and related expenses to reflect a liability in the period the obligation arose for the actual amounts to be
paid, with the related expense being recorded in the period in which the related revenue was recognized. The Company calculates the total commission liability for all valid purchase orders or approved written contracts received in the period, and
adjusts the expense for purchase orders or approved written contracts not recognized as revenue in the period because they did not meet one or more of the revenue recognition requirements of SOP 97-2. 
50 Table of Contents
Stock-Based Compensation 
The Company provides equity incentives to its employees including those hired as a result of acquisitions and to members of its Board of Directors.
The Company applies the intrinsic value recognition and measurement principles of APB Opinion No25, Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees, in accounting for stock-based incentives. Accordingly, the Company is not
required to record compensation expense when stock options are granted to eligible participants as long as the exercise price is not less than the fair market value of the stock when the option is granted. The Company also is not required to record
compensation expense in connection with our Employee Stock Purchase Plan as long as the purchase price of the stock is not less than 85% of the lower of the fair market value of the stock at the beginning of each offering period or at the end of
each purchase period.  In October 1995, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board, FASB, issued SFAS No123, Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation, and in December 2002 the FASB issued SFAS No148, Accounting for Stock-Based
CompensationTransition and Disclosure. Although these pronouncements allow the Company to continue to follow the APB 25 guidelines and not record compensation expense for most employee stock-based awards, the Company is required to
disclose our pro forma net income or loss and pro forma net income or loss per share as if it had adopted SFAS No123 and SFAS No148. This pro forma impact of applying SFAS No123 and SFAS No148 in fiscal 2005, 2004 and
2003 does not necessarily represent the pro forma impact in future years. To determine the pro forma impact, the Company has employed the widely-used Black-Scholes model to estimate the fair value of options granted. See Note
4Stockholders Equity.  The following reflects the
effect on net income loss had the Company applied SFAS No123 and SFAS No148 to its results of operations for the fiscal years 2005, 2004, and 2003 in thousands, except for per share data:  Year ended September30 2005 2004 2003 Net income loss, as reported 3,826 4,388 1,782 Add: stock-based compensation expense, included in net loss,net of tax of $0 1,419 553 192 Less: stock-based compensation determined under SFAS No123,net of tax of $0 17,844 27,559 33,800 Net loss, pro-forma 20,251 22,618 35,390 Basic net income loss per share, as reported 005 006 002 Basic net loss per share, pro-forma 026 029 046 Diluted net income loss per share, as reported 005 005 002 Diluted net loss per share, pro-forma 026 029 046
Foreign Currency Translation
The functional currency of the Companys foreign
subsidiaries is the local currency. The Company translates the assets and liabilities of its foreign subsidiaries to U.S. dollars at the rates of exchange in effect at the end of the year. Revenues and expenses are translated at the average rates of
exchange for the year. Translation adjustments and the effects of exchange rate changes on intercompany transactions of a long-term investment nature are included in other comprehensive income loss in the consolidated balance sheets. Gains and
losses resulting from foreign currency transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency, and translation adjustments and the effects of exchange rate changes on intercompany transactions which are short-term in nature, are
included in results of operations and have not been significant to the Companys consolidated operating results in any year.  Per Share Data  Basic per share amounts are calculated using the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the year. Diluted per share amounts are
calculated using the weighted-average number of common shares 
51 Table of Contents
outstanding during the period and, when dilutive, the weighted-average number of potential common shares from the exercise of outstanding options to purchase
common stock using the treasury stock method.  Excluded from
the computation of the diluted loss per share for the year ended September30, 2004 were options to acquire 137million shares of common stock, respectively, because their effect would be anti-dilutive. Also excluded from the computation
of the diluted loss per share for the year ended 2004 was a warrant to acquire 50,000 shares of common stock at $727 per share, because their effect would be anti-dilutive. A reconciliation of the numerators and denominators used in the basic and
diluted net income loss per share amounts follows:  Year ended September30 2005 2004
2003 Numerator for basic and diluted net income loss per share 3,826 4,388 1,782 Denominator for basic net income loss per shareweighted-average shares outstanding 79,251 78,479 75,981 Dilutive effect of Warrants 54 Common stock options 2,424 Denominator for diluted net income loss per shareweighted average shares outstanding 79,251 80,957 75,981 Excludes treasury shares repurchased by the Company  Comprehensive Income Loss  Comprehensive income loss includes net income loss and foreign currency translation adjustments. The only component of accumulated other comprehensive
loss is foreign currency translation adjustments. Tax effects of other comprehensive loss have not been material.  Recent Accounting Pronouncements  In July 2005, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued an Exposure Draft of a proposed Interpretation Accounting for Uncertain Tax
Positionsan interpretation of FASB Statement No109. Under the proposed Interpretation, a company would recognize in its financial statements its best estimate of the benefit of a tax position, only if the tax position is
considered probable of being sustained on audit based solely on the technical merits of the tax position. In evaluating whether the probable recognition threshold has been met, the proposed Interpretation would require the presumption that the tax
position will be evaluated during an audit by taxing authorities. The proposed Interpretation would be effective as of the end of the first fiscal year ending after December15, 2005, with a cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle
to be recorded upon the initial adoption. The proposed Interpretation would apply to all tax positions and only benefits from tax positions that meet the probable recognition threshold at or after the effective date would be recognized. The Company
is currently analyzing the proposed Interpretation and have not determined its potential impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements. While we cannot predict with certainty the rules in the final Interpretation, there is risk that the final
Interpretation could result in a cumulative effect charge to earnings upon adoption, increases in future effective tax rates, and/or increases in future interperiod effective tax rate volatility.  In May 2005, the FASB issued SFAS No154 SFAS 154,
Accounting Changes and Error Correctionsa replacement of APB Opinion No20 and FASB Statement No3. SFAS 154 shall be effective for accounting changes and corrections of errors made in fiscal years beginning after
December15, 2005. SFAS 154 replaces APB Opinion No20, Accounting Changes, and FASB Statement No3, Reporting Accounting Changes in Interim Financial Statements, and changes the requirements for the accounting for and
reporting of a change in accounting principle. SFAS 154 applies to all voluntary changes in accounting principle, and it also applies to 
52 Table of Contents
changes required by an accounting pronouncement in the unusual instance that the pronouncement does not include specific transition provisions. When a
pronouncement includes specific transition provisions, those provisions should be followed. The Company is evaluating the requirements of SFAS 154 and does not expect the application of SFAS 154 to have a material impact on its results of operations
or financial position.  In March 2005, the FASB issued
Interpretation No. FIN 47, Accounting for Conditional Asset Retirement Obligations, to clarify the requirement to record liabilities stemming from a legal obligation to clean up and retire fixed assets, such as a plant or factory, when an
asset retirement depends on a future event. The Company evaluated the requirements of FIN 47 and concluded that the application of FIN 47 does not have a material impact on its results of operations or financial position.  In December 2004, the FASB revised SFAS No123 SFAS
123R, Share-Based Payment, which requires companies to expense the estimated fair value of employee stock options and similar awards. The accounting provisions of SFAS 123 will be effective for the Company beginning on October1, 2005. The Company is in
the process of determining how the new method of valuing stock-based compensation as prescribed in SFAS 123R will be applied to valuing stock-based awards granted after the effective date.  In March 2005, the SEC staff issued guidance on SFAS 123R. Staff Accounting
Bulletin No107 SAB 107 was issued to assist preparers by simplifying some of the implementation challenges of SFAS 123 while enhancing the information that investors receive. SAB 107 creates a framework that is premised on two overarching themes: aconsiderable
judgment will be required by preparers to successfully implement SFAS 123R, specifically when valuing employee stock options; and breasonable individuals, acting in good faith, may conclude differently on the fair value of employee stock
options. Key topics covered by SAB 107 include: avaluation models SAB 107 reinforces the flexibility allowed by SFAS 123R to choose an option-pricing model that meets the standards fair value measurement objective;
bexpected volatility SAB 107 provides guidance on when it would be appropriate to rely exclusively on either historical or implied volatility in estimating expected volatility; and cexpected term the new guidance
includes examples and some simplified approaches to determining the expected term under certain circumstances. The Company will apply the principles of SAB 107 in conjunction with its adoption of SFAS 123R. The Company believes adoption of SFAS
No123R will have a material impact on its results of operations and financial condition.  In December 2004, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued SFAS No153, Exchanges of Nonmonetary Assets, an amendment of APB
Opinion No29. SFAS No153 addresses the measurement of exchanges of nonmonetary assets and redefines the scope of transactions that should be measured based on the fair value of the assets exchanged. SFAS No153 is effective for
nonmonetary asset exchanges beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2006. The Company does not believe adoption of SFAS No153 will have a material adverse impact on its results of operations and financial condition.  In December 2004, the FASB issued Staff Position SFAS No109-1,
Application of FASB Statement No109, Accounting for Income Taxes FSP No109-1 to the Tax Deduction on Qualified Production Activities Provided by the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004 which was signed into law by the
President of the United States on October22, 2004. Companies that qualify for the recent tax laws deduction for domestic production activities must account for it as a special deduction under SFAS No109 and reduce their tax
expense in the period or periods the amounts are deductible, according to FSP No109-1. The FASBs guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the Companys results of operations and financial condition.  In December 2004, the FASB also issued Staff Position SFAS No109-2,
Accounting and Disclosure Guidance for the Foreign Earnings Repatriation Provision FSP No109-2 within the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004. The Act provides for a one-time deduction of 85 percent of certain foreign earnings
that are repatriated in either an enterprises last tax year that began before the date of enactment, or the first tax year that begins during the one year period beginning on the date of enactment. FSP No109-2 allows companies
additional time to evaluate whether foreign earnings will be repatriated under the repatriation provisions of the 
53 Table of Contents
new tax law and requires specified disclosures for companies needing the additional time to complete the evaluation. The Company is currently evaluating the
repatriation provisions of the Act to determine whether it will make repatriations under the Act.  Note2.
Acquisitions  Quallaby Corporation  On April8, 2005, the Company entered into an agreement to acquire Quallaby Corporation Quallaby, a privately-held software company based in Lowell, Massachusetts. On June1, 2005, the Company completed its
acquisition of Quallaby. The acquisition is planned to advance the Companys ability to manage converged IP services through an integrated console that combines the Companys fault management technology with Quallabys performance
management software.  Subject to the terms of the merger
agreement, the Company paid $330 million in cash for all the issued share capital of Quallaby assumed and converted certain stock options held by Quallaby employees, resulting in issuance of options to purchase 16million shares of the
Companys common stock, valued at $61 million, and incurred transaction costs of $18 million consisting primarily of legal and financial services fees, for a total of $409 million. The valuation of the options assumed pursuant to the
acquisition uses the following assumptions: 4-year term, volatility of 54%, annual interest rate of 360%, 000% dividend yield, and the closing price of the Companys stock on June1, 2005. The transaction was accounted for under the
purchase method of accounting with Quallabys results of operations included from June1, 2005.  The following is a summary of the estimated fair values of the tangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of the acquisition in
millions:  Cash and cash equivalents 31 Accounts receivable 08 Property and equipment 05 Other assets 04 Total tangible assets acquired 48 Deferred revenue 43 Other liabilities 33 Accounts payable 02 Total liabilities assumed 78 Net liabilities assumed 30  Under purchase
accounting, the purchase price is allocated to assets purchased and liabilities assumed based on their relative fair values with the excess recorded as goodwill. Based on an evaluation and review of the net 
54 Table of Contents
assets acquired, the amounts and components of the purchase price along with the allocation of the purchase price are as follows: in millions Amortizationperiodin years
Liabilities assumed, net 30 Intangible assets In process research and development 22 Developed technology 52 4
Core technology 10 4
Maintenance agreements 14 4
Trademarks 10 5
Customer relationships 10 4
Goodwill 321 Notapplicable Total intangible assets 439 Total 409  The value of
identifiable intangible assets was determined in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No141 Business Combinations. Developed technology represents the value of the existing technology for products which have been
developed and reached technological feasibility. The value is calculated based on the implicit income derived from revenues for sales of existing technology. Based on the product life cycle, historical product lives, and new functionality arising
from each product release, developed technology is estimated to have a useful life of four years and will be amortized on a straight line basis. Core technology represents a combination of design methodologies, processes and trade secrets. The
acquired core technology represents core modular architecture that is used in the Quallaby products, both current and planned future releases. The value is calculated based on an estimate of the royalties saved because Quallaby owns the technology.
Core technology is estimated to have a useful life of four years, and will be amortized on a straight line basis. The value of maintenance agreements represents the implicit income derived as a result of the fees customers pay Quallaby when
customers enter into maintenance and support contracts. Based on historical attrition rates, the useful life of the maintenance agreements is estimated to be four years, and will be amortized on a straight line basis. The value of the trademark
represents the estimated royalties saved because Quallaby owns the trademark, based on an estimated royalty rate. Based on the estimated useful life of the technology, the useful life of the trademark is estimated to be five years, and will be
amortized on a straight line basis. The value of customer relationships represents revenue generated by Quallaby from sales of future versions of the existing product to existing customers. The value is calculated based on an estimate of the
implicit income derived from this. Based on customer attrition and technology obsolescence, the useful life of customer relationships is estimated to be four years. The weighted average amortization period for amortizable Quallaby intangible assets
is 41 years. The in-process technology of $22 million has been charged to operations during the year ended September30, 2005.  Residual goodwill has been recorded based on the purchase price remaining after allocating the purchase price to the fair market value of tangible and
intangible assets purchased less liabilities assumed. Residual goodwill arises as a result of, among other factors, future unidentified new products, new technologies and new customers as well as the implicit value of future cost savings as a result
of the combining of entities. We do not expect the goodwill amount to be deductible for tax purposes. In accordance with SFAS No142, goodwill will not be amortized but will be tested at least annually for impairment.  Micromuse identified four research projects in areas for which technological
feasibility had not been established and no alternative future uses existed. These four projects represent research and development to create the next generation versions and new applications of its primary software products. Two of the four
projects were approximately 11% to 15% complete, and the other two of the four projects were approximately 
55 Table of Contents
85% to 88% complete, as of the date of the close of the transaction. Micromuse estimated that it would cost approximately $12 million in additional research
and development expenses to complete these four projects and they were completed by September30, 2005. The value for each of the projects was determined by estimating the expected cash flows from the projects once commercially viable,
discounting the net cash flows to their present value, and then applying a percentage of completion to the calculated value. Key assumptions utilized in determining these values include:  discount rate of 20 to 22%, representing the cost of capital as related to the estimated time to complete the projects and the level of risk involved; and the percentage of completion for the projects, determined using costs incurred prior to the acquisition date compared to the remaining research and development to be completed to
bring the projects to technological feasibility.  Results for the Quallaby acquisition have been included in our consolidated results of operations beginning on June1, 2005. The following pro forma results of operations for the year ended September30, 2005 and 2004 assume the
acquisition occurred at the beginning of the year ended September30, 2004. The pro forma information has been presented for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the combined financial position or results of
operations for future periods or the results of operations or financial position that actually would have been realized had the companies been combined during the specified period. The pro forma information excludes non-recurring items which consist
only of acquired in-process technology expense of $22 million: in million, except per share amounts: Year ended September30 2005unaudited 2004unaudited Net revenue 162,856 151,253 Net loss 13,037 7,052 Basic net loss per share 016 009 Diluted net loss per share 016 009
GuardedNet, Inc.  On August1, 2005, the Company completed its acquisition of GuardedNet,
Inc. GuardedNet, a privately held software company based in Atlanta, Georgia, to broaden its technology portfolio to address the growing market demand for security analysis, risk mitigation, incident management, and compliance software
solutions.  Subject to the terms of the merger agreement, the
Company paid $162 million in cash for all the issued share capital of GuardedNet, and incurred transaction costs of $03 million consisting primarily of legal and financial services fees, for a total of $165 million.  The following is a summary of the estimated fair values of the tangible
assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of the acquisition in millions:  Cash and cash equivalents 01 Accounts receivable, net 02 Property and equipment, net 01 Other assets 02 Total tangible assets acquired 06 Deferred revenue 03 Other liabilities 17 Accounts payable 02 Total liabilities assumed 22 Net liabilities assumed 16 
56 Table of Contents
Under purchase accounting, the purchase price is allocated to assets purchased and liabilities assumed
based on their relative fair values with the excess recorded as goodwill. Based on an evaluation and review of the net assets acquired, the amounts and components of the purchase price along with the allocation of the purchase price are as follows:
in millions  Amortization period in years
Liabilities assumed, net 16 Intangible assets Developed technology 24 4
Maintenance agreements and related relationships 11 4
Trademarks 02 4
Customer relationships 09 4
Goodwill 135 Notapplicable Total intangible assets 181 Total 165  The value of
identifiable intangible assets was determined in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No141, Business Combinations. Developed technology represents the value of the existing technology for products which have
been developed and reached technological feasibility. The value is calculated based on the implicit income derived from revenues for sales of existing technology. Based on the product life cycle, historical product lives, and new functionality
arising from each product release, developed technology is estimated to have a useful life of four years and will be amortized on a straight line basis. The value of maintenance agreements and related relationships represents the implicit income
derived as a result of the fees customers pay GuardedNet when customers enter into maintenance and support contracts. Based on historical attrition rates, the useful life of the maintenance agreements and related relationships is estimated to be
four years, and will be amortized on a straight line basis. The value of trademark represents the estimated royalties saved because GuardedNet owns the trademark, based on an estimated royalty rate. Based on the estimated useful life of the
technology, the useful life of the trademark is estimated to be four years, and will be amortized on a straight line basis. The value of customer relationships represents revenue generated by GuardedNet from sales of future versions of the existing
product to existing customers. The value is calculated based on an estimate of the implicit income derived from this. Based on customer attrition and technology obsolescence, the useful life of customer relationships is estimated to be four years.
The weighted average amortization period for amortizable GuardedNet intangible assets is 40 years.  Residual goodwill has been recorded based on the purchase price remaining after allocating the purchase price to the fair market value of assets purchased
less liabilities assumed and to identifiable intangible assets. Residual goodwill arises as a result of, among other factors, future unidentified new products, new technologies and new customers as well as the implicit value of future cost savings
as a result of the combining of entities. We do not expect the goodwill amount to be deductible for tax purposes. In accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No142, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, goodwill
will not be amortized but will be tested at least annually for impairment.  Results for the GuardedNet acquisition have been included in our consolidated results of operations beginning on August1, 2005. The following pro forma results of operations for the year ended September30,
2005 and 2004 assume the acquisition occurred at the beginning of the year ended September30, 2004. The pro forma information has been presented for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the combined financial
position or results of operations for future periods or the results of operations or financial 
57 Table of Contents
position that actually would have been realized had the companies been combined during the specified period. No non-recurring items were excluded in the pro
forma information in million, except per share amounts  Year ended September30 2005unaudited 2004unaudited Net revenue 163,852 150,321 Net loss 7,459 1,028 Basic net loss per share 009 001 Diluted net loss per share 009 001
Note3.
Balance Sheet Components  Property and Equipment  Property and equipment consisted of the following in thousands:  As of September30 2005 2004 Property and equipment Computer equipment and related software 34,027 33,633 Furniture and fixtures 5,521 3,726 Leasehold improvements 4,037 5,946 43,585 43,305 Accumulated depreciation and amortization 36,189 38,303 7,396 5,002  Depreciation expense
for the fiscal years ended 2005, 2004, and 2003 was $4,029, $3,663 and $6,051, respectively.  Goodwill and Intangible Assets  The following tables set forth the carrying amount of goodwill as of September30, 2005 and 2004. Goodwill also includes amounts originally allocated to assembled workforce in acquisitions that occurred prior to the issuance of SFAS
No141 in the 2004 fiscal year in thousands:  As of September30, 2005 GrossCarryingAmount 
AccumulatedAmortization NetCarryingAmount
Goodwill 113,021 17,916 95,105  As of September30, 2004 GrossCarryingAmount 
AccumulatedAmortization NetCarryingAmount
Goodwill 68,156 17,916 50,240  The increase in the
net carrying amount of goodwill is primarily related to the acquisitions of Quallaby and GuardedNet, $321 million and $135 million, respectively, completed during fiscal 2005, offset by the receipt of historical Riversoft tax refund of $03
million, and foreign currency exchange effects of $04 million. 
58 Table of Contents
The following tables set forth the carrying amount of intangible assets that are being amortized in
thousands:  As of September30, 2005 GrossCarryingAmount
AccumulatedAmortization NetCarryingAmount
Developed technology 32,764 21,884 10,880
Customer contracts 5,630 1,410 4,220
Trademarks and patents 5,625 2,375 3,250 Intangibles related to business acquisitions 44,019 25,669 18,350 As of September 30, 2004 Gross CarryingAmount
AccumulatedAmortization NetCarryingAmount
Developed technology 24,371 17,892 6,479
Customer contracts 1,362 1,233 129
Trademarks 807 672 135 Intangibles related to business acquisitions 26,540 19,797 6,743  The total amortization
expense related to intangible assets and developed technology is set forth in the table below in thousands:  Year ended September30 2005
2004
2003
Developed technology 4,200 5,908 4,313
Customer contracts 309 22 778
Trademarks 584 174 168
Other intangible assets 279 Total amortization 5,093 6,104 5,538  The amortization of
developed technology is recorded as a cost of revenue line item with the remaining amortization being reflected as an operating expense.  The total expected future amortization related to intangible assets is set forth in the table below in thousands:  Fiscal Year
FutureAmortizations
2006 5,566
2007 5,382
2008 4,026
2009 3,118
2010 258 Total 18,350 
59 Table of Contents
Accrued Expenses  Accrued expenses consisted of the following in thousands:  As of September30 2005
2004
Accrued expenses Payroll and sales commission related 12,919 10,863
Accrued litigation settlement 8,400 Other 11,127 9,545 32,446 20,408  Note4.
Stockholders Equity  Common Stock  At September30, 2005, the Company is authorized to issue 200,000,000 shares of common stock. Holders of common stock are entitled to one vote per
share on all matters to be voted upon by the shareholders of the Company.  Common stock reserved for future issuance as of September30, 2005, is as follows:  Stock options outstanding
18,738,268
Stock options reserved for future grant
5,115,603
Employee stock purchase plan
2,135,856 25,989,727  Warrants  In October 2001, the Company incurred approximately $04 million of
executive recruiting costs related to the hiring of one of the Companys officers. Included in this amount was a charge related to the fair value of a warrant issued to the executive search firm to purchase 54,321 shares of our common stock at
a price of $542 per share, cash fees paid to the executive search firm and certain relocation costs. The charge for the warrant was determined in a manner in accordance with SFAS No123, Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation by using
the Black-Scholes pricing model with the following assumptions: expected dividend yield of 00%, risk-free interest rate of 21%, expected volatility of 90%, and contractual life of three years. This warrant to acquire 54,321 shares expired on
October1, 2004.  During the quarter ended
September30, 2003, the Company incurred approximately $07 million of executive recruiting costs related to the hiring of one of the Companys officers. Included in this amount was a charge related to the fair value of a warrant issued to
the executive search firm to purchase 50,000 shares of our common stock at a price of $727 per share, cash fees paid to the executive search firm and certain relocation costs. The charge for the warrant was determined in a manner consistent with
SFAS No123, Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation by using the Black-Scholes pricing model with the following assumptions: expected dividend yield of 00%, risk-free interest rate of 27%, expected volatility of 95%, and contractual
life of three years. This warrant expires in July 2006.  Treasury Stock
In September 2001, the Board of Directors authorized the
repurchase of up to 15million shares, or approximately 2% of the Companys outstanding common stock. The Board of Directors terminated this 
60 Table of Contents
repurchase program as of May13, 2004. As of September30, 2004, the Company had repurchased 04million shares of its outstanding common
stock, at fair value at the date of purchase, for approximately $27 million pursuant to the repurchase program. The repurchased shares are held as treasury stock and are available for general corporate purposes including issuance under our stock
option and employee stock purchase plans.  On July22,
2004, the Company announced a program under which the Company may repurchase up to 2,000,000 shares of its common stock over the next 12 months, of which 1,000,000 shares were acquired as of September30, 2004 at a total cost of $45 million.
On April27, 2005, the Company announced a new,
substituted share repurchase program under which it may repurchase up to 6,000,000 shares of its common stock over the next 12 months, of which 1,608,500 shares were acquired as of September30, 2005. Purchases may be made from time to time in
the open market, and will be funded from available working capital. The number of shares to be purchased and the timing of purchases will be based on several factors, including the price of Micromuse stock, general business and market conditions,
and other investment opportunities.  Stock Option Plan  Under the Companys 1997 and 1998 Stock Option/Stock Issuance Plans
the Plans, options to purchase shares of common stock may be granted to employees, officers, directors and consultants officers and directors are not eligible for grants under the 1998 Plan. The Plans provide for the issuance of
incentive and non-statutory options that must be granted at an exercise price not less than 100% and 85% of the fair market value of the common stock on the date of grant, respectively 110% if the person to whom the option is granted is a 10%
stockholder. Incentive options may only be granted to employees under the 1997 Plan. Options generally vest between three to four years from the date of grant. The options expire between five and ten years from the grant date, and any vested
options must normally be exercised within three months after termination of employment. The Plans are administered by the Companys Board of Directors and its Compensation Committee. A summary of the status of the Companys options under
the Plans is as follows:  Outstanding options Number ofshares Weighted-averageexercise price
Balance as of September30, 2002
12,091,228 2247
Granted
6,381,800 429
Exercised
2,191,754 467
Canceled
2,924,904 2904 Balance as of September30, 2003
13,356,370 1528
Granted
6,777,750 792
Exercised
374,471 337
Canceled
3,602,326 1043 Balance as of September30, 2004
16,157,323 1339
Granted
7,466,588 444
Exercised
1,885,089 221
Canceled
3,000,554 1724 Balance as of September30, 2005
18,738,268 1024  As of
September30, 2005 and 2004, there were 10,479,300 and 8,078,352 fully vested and exercisable shares, with weighted-average exercise prices of $1347 and $1888, respectively. As of September30, 2005, 
61 Table of Contents
approximately 5,115,603 shares were available for grant. The following table summarizes information concerning outstanding and exercisable options under the
Plans outstanding as of September30, 2005: Outstanding
Exercisable
Range of Exercise Prices
Number ofshares
Weighted-averageremaining lifeinyears
Weighted-averageExercise Price
Number ofshares
Weighted-averageExercise Price
$023 - $ 311
2,129,692
690 175
1,723,476 193
$320 - $ 441
825,983
646 363
611,133 355
$445 - $ 495
3,088,886
637 493
747,528 494
$498 - $ 551
2,304,744
575 536
1,243,921 543
$552 - $ 727
2,938,902
747 675
1,341,706 715
$728 - $ 803
1,104,700
795 792
481,973 785
$806 - $ 811
2,414,615
728 811
1,032,241 811
$815 - $ 1456
1,921,741
616 895
1,303,535 923
$1484 - $ 7988
1,885,105
421 4292
1,871,887 4291
$8041 - $ 10622
123,900
433 9128
121,900 9120 $023 - $ 10622
18,738,268
649 1024
10,479,300 1347  The per share
weighted-average fair value of stock options granted during 2005, 2004 and 2003 was $383, $399 and $246, respectively, on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, with the following weighted assumptions: 2005expected
dividend yield of 00%, risk-free interest rate of 36%, expected volatility of 87% and expected life of four years; 2004expected dividend yield of 00%, risk-free interest rate of 26%, expected volatility of 63% and expected life of four
years; 2003expected dividend yield of 00%, risk-free interest rate of 32%, expected volatility of 84% and expected life of four years. 1998 Employee Stock Purchase Plan  In January 1998, the Board of Directors adopted the Companys 1998 Employee Stock Purchase Plan the ESPP to provide employees of the
Company with an opportunity to purchase common stock through payroll deductions. As of September30, 2005, approximately 2,135,856 shares of common stock have been reserved for issuance under the ESPP.  All full-time regular employees who are employed by the Company are eligible
to participate in the ESPP. Eligible employees may contribute up to 15% of their total cash compensation to the ESPP. Amounts withheld are applied at the end of every six-month accumulation period to purchase shares of common stock, but not more
than 1,250 shares per employee per accumulation period. The value of the common stock determined as of the beginning of the offering period that may be purchased by any participant in a calendar year is limited to $25,000. Participants may
withdraw their contributions at any time before stock is purchased.  The purchase price is equal to 85% of the lower of athe market price of common stock immediately before the beginning of the applicable offering period or bthe market price of common stock at the time of the purchase. In
general, each offering period is 24 months long, but a new offering period begins every six months. Thus, up to four overlapping offering periods may be in effect at the same time. An offering period continues to apply to a participant for the full
24 months, unless the market price of common stock is lower when a subsequent offering period begins. In that event, the subsequent offering period automatically becomes the applicable period for purposes of determining the purchase price. A total
of 567,811 shares in fiscal year 2005, 1,063,333 shares in fiscal year 2004 and 1,159,352 shares in fiscal year 2003 of the Companys common stock were issued under the ESPP at prices ranging from $383 per share to $480 per share for fiscal
2005.  The per share weighted-average fair values of Employee
Stock Purchase Plan shares granted during fiscal 2005, 2004 and 2003 were $180, $254 and $175, respectively, calculated using the Black-Scholes option 
62 Table of Contents
pricing model with the following weighted assumptions: 2005expected dividend yield of 00%, risk-free interest rate of 30%, expected volatility of 62%
and expected life of 108 years; 2004expected dividend yield of 00%, risk-free interest rate of 26%, expected volatility of 63% and expected life of 05 years; 2003expected dividend yield of 00%, risk-free interest rate of 32 expected volatility of 84% and expected life of 05 years.  In
February 2005, the Company amended certain provisions of its ESPP adding a sub-plan Sub Plan for new participants eligible employees who had not participated in the ESPP prior to February1, 2005. The ESPP specifically
authorizes the Compensation Committee of the Companys Board of Directors to adopt rules and make other policy decisions with regard to the administration and operation of the ESPP. The Committee determined that it was appropriate and advisable
to establish a sub-plan to the ESPP, effective from February1, 2005, for the purpose of allowing eligible employees to participate in a revised form of the ESPP beginning with the February1, 2005 offering. In particular, the Sub Plan
reduced the offering period to six months, with no look-back or re-set provisions and provided that the purchase price for each share of stock purchased at the close of an offering period under the Sub Plan shall be 85% of the fair market value of
such share on the last trading day before the commencement of the next applicable offering period. In July 2005, the Company further amended certain provisions of its Sub Plan to the ESPP. In particular, the amendment maintains all ongoing offering
periods under the Sub Plan at 6 months; the purchase price for each share of stock purchased at the close of an offering period under the Sub Plan remains at 85% of the fair market value of such share on the last trading day before the commencement
of the next applicable offering period; and there remains no look-back or re-set provisions and the dates for the commencement of each subsequent offering period under the Sub Plan have been extended to February10 and August10. See also
Recent Accounting Pronouncements above concerning new requirements to expense share-based payments.  Note5.
Income Taxes  The provision for income taxes was as follows in thousands:  Year ended September30 2005
2004
2003
Current Federal 1,077 973 77
State 344 364 93
Foreign 520 305 202 Total Current 1,941 1,642 372 Deferred Federal State Foreign Total Deferred 1,941 1,642 372  The current tax
benefits resulting from the exercise of employee stock options are approximately $14 million, $09 million and $36,000 in fiscal 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively. These benefits are not included in the above provision for income taxes. 
63 Table of Contents
The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of deferred tax assets
are presented below in thousands:  As of September30 2005 2004 Accruals and allowances not currently deductible 1,422 1,275 Depreciation and amortization 289 697 State taxes 26 Acquired intangible property 6,217 2,620 Tax credit carry-forwards 6,768 6,209 Other 48 Net operating loss carry-forwards 84,600 99,344 Total deferred tax assets 86,862 104,883 Valuation allowance 86,862 104,883 Net deferred tax assets  Included in gross
deferred tax assets at September30, 2005, is approximately $656 million which pertains to net operating loss carry-forwards from tax deductions resulting from the exercise of employee stock options. When recognized, the tax benefit of these
losses is accounted for as a credit to stockholders equity rather than as a reduction of income tax expense. Also included in gross deferred tax assets at September30, 2005, is approximately $166 million, which pertains to
preacquisition net operating loss carry-forwards of acquired companies. The Company has provided a valuation allowance to offset the net deferred tax assets, which primarily relate to U.S. and foreign net operating loss carry-forwards. The Company
is unable to conclude that its deferred tax assets are more likely than not to be realized from its US or foreign operations, as appropriate. The change in the valuation allowance from September30, 2004 to September30, 2005, was $180
million. The amount of gross deferred tax assets from preacquisition net operating loss carry-forwards of certain acquired companies and the corresponding valuation allowance was reduced by $202 million from the amount included at
September30, 2004, since the Company was unable to conclude that it was more likely than not that those loss carry-forwards would be utilizable based on limitations under Section382 of the Internal Revenue Code.  Sources of income loss before income taxes were as follows in thousands Year ended September30 2005 2004
2003 United States 1,021 2,514 711 International 864 3,516 699 Total 1,885 6,030 1,410  Total income tax
expense differs from expected income tax expense computed by applying the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate of 34%, 34% and 34% to profit loss before taxes for fiscal 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively, as follows in thousands: Year ended September30 2005 2004 2003 Income tax expense benefit at federal statutory rate 641 2,050 479 State income taxes, net of federal benefits 344 241 61 Permanent differences 406 141 182 Nondeductible purchased research and development 748 117 Nondeductible goodwill from acquisitions Foreign income at other than US rates 1,323 886 Unbenefitted losses 1,396 1,168 491 Tax credits 800 1,138 Other, net 23 66 1,941 1,642 372 
64 Table of Contents
As of September30, 2005, the Company had net operating loss carryforwards for federal, state, and
foreign purposes of approximately $1626 million, $1324 million, and $801 million, respectively, available to offset taxable income in future years. The federal net operating loss carryforwards will expire, if not utilized, beginning in 2018. The
state net operating loss carryforwards will expire, if not utilized, at varying dates depending on the laws of each state. The foreign net operating loss carryforwards will expire at varying dates depending on the laws of each country. Federal and
state tax laws impose substantial restrictions on the utilization of net operating loss carry-forwards in the event of an ownership change, as defined in Section382 of the Internal Revenue Code. In the event of an ownership change,
utilization of the net operating loss carryforwards could be significantly reduced. In addition, Section382 may also limit the Companys ability to utilize certain net operating loss carryforwards acquired as part of the Companys
acquisitions.  U.S. income taxes were not provided on the
undistributed earnings of certain non-U.S. subsidiaries because the Company intends to reinvest these earnings indefinitely in operations outside of the United States. On October22, 2004, the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004 the Jobs
Creation Act was signed into law. The Jobs Creation Act creates a temporary incentive for U.S. corporations to repatriate accumulated income earned abroad by providing an 85 percent dividends received deduction for certain dividends from
controlled foreign corporations. The Company has not yet determined whether it will make repatriations under the Jobs Creation Act, however, any such distributions would not change the Companys intention to indefinitely reinvest undistributed
earnings in operations outside the United States.  Note6.
Defined Contribution Plan  In February 1998, the Company adopted a defined contribution plan the Plan in the United States pursuant to Section401k of the
Internal Revenue Code the Code. All eligible full and part-time employees of the Company who meet certain age requirements may participate in the Plan. Participants may contribute up to 60% of their pre-tax compensation, but not in
excess of the maximum allowable under the Code. The Plan allows for discretionary contributions by the Company. Such discretionary contributions are immediately vesting. In addition, the Company may make profit-sharing contributions at the
discretion of the Board of Directors. The Company made no contributions during fiscal 2004 and 2003, but in fiscal 2005 made fully-vested matching contributions to the 401k plan equal to 50% of each participating employees contribution, up
to 5% of the employees pay to a maximum annual matching contribution of $3,000. Matching contributions aggregated $04 million for fiscal 2005.  Note7.
Geographic and Segment Information  The Companys chief operating decision-maker is considered to be the Companys Chief Executive Officer CEO. The CEO reviews
financial information presented on a consolidated basis for purposes of making operating decisions and assessing financial performance. Therefore, the Company operates as a single operating segment in fault management and service assurance software.
65 Table of Contents
The Company markets its products primarily from the United States. International sales are primarily to
customers in the United Kingdom and Continental Europe. Information regarding regional revenues, which are based on the location of the end-user, and operations in different geographic regions, is as follows in thousands:  Year ended September30 2005
2004
2003
Revenues United States 77,558 72,252 76,874
United Kingdom 29,391 25,299 15,432
Other International 53,810 49,026 33,845 Total 160,759 146,577 126,151 As of September 30 2005
2004
Long-lived assets United States 94,080 44,193
International 26,771 17,792 Total 120,851 61,985
Note8.
Commitments and Contingencies  Lease Commitments  The Company leases its facilities and certain equipment under non-cancelable operating leases. The lease agreements expire at various dates during the
next six years. Certain lease agreements contain renewal options providing for an extension of the lease term.  Rent expense was approximately $58 million, $63 million and $80 million for the years ended September30, 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively. As of
September30, 2005, future minimum lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases, including facilities we have exited as part of our restructuring activities, net of any sub-lease income, are approximately $61 million, $47 million 31 million, $21 million, and $14 million, respectively, for each of the years in the five-year period subsequent to September30, 2005 and $20 million in the years thereafter.  Guarantees  The Company typically warrants its products to be free from defects in media and to substantially conform to material specifications for a period of 90
days. The Company also indemnifies its customers from third party claims of intellectual property infringement relating to Company products. Historically, costs related to these guarantees have not been significant, and the Company is unable to
estimate the potential impact of these guarantees on its future results of operations.  Contingencies  On
September 30, 2005, the Company announced that it had entered into a settlement agreement relating to the previously disclosed patent lawsuits with Aprisma Management Technologies, Inc. Under the settlement, the lawsuits were terminated in exchange
for the payment by Micromuse of $84 million to Computer Associates the parent company of Aprisma and the grant of certain patent cross-licenses and covenants not to sue between the two sides. The settlement was reached with no admission of
liability or wrongdoing by any party.  On July 5, 2005, the
Company announced that it had entered into a settlement agreement relating to the previously disclosed patent lawsuits with Agilent Technologies, Inc. Under the settlement, the lawsuits were 
66 Table of Contents
terminated in exchange for a broad cross-license between the parties and the payment by Micromuse of $25 million to Agilent. The settlement was reached with
no admission of liability or wrongdoing by any party.  On June
27, 2005, the Company announced that settlement agreements relating to the federal securities class action lawsuit and related federal derivative suit had been reached. The settlements were reached with no admission of liability or wrongdoing by any
party. On December 7, 2005, the United States District Court for the Northern District of California held a final approval hearing for both settlements. On December 8, 2005, the Court entered its order approving the settlements as fair and
reasonable and dismissing with prejudice the federal securities class action suit and the federal derivative suit.  Between February 2, 2004 and March 16, 2004, the Company was also named as a nominal defendant along with certain of its current and former officers and
directors in three derivative actions, purportedly brought by shareholders on the Companys behalf, filed in the Superior Court of California, County of San Francisco. On April 21, 2004, those actions were consolidated and this case is still
pending. The derivative complaints allege that, as a result of the events underlying the restatement in early 2004, certain of the Companys current and former officers and directors breached their fiduciary duties to the Company, and that
certain current and former officers and directors engaged in insider trading in violation of California law. The plaintiffs seek unspecified damages on the Companys behalf from the defendants. As a result of the stipulated settlement and
dismissal with prejudice of the federal derivative suit described above, the Company and other defendants intend to seek dismissal of this action.  On November 28, 2005, a petition for appraisal was filed in the Delaware Chancery Court for New Castle County, relating to the Companys acquisition
of GuardedNet, Inc. on August 1, 2005. This action by 20 former shareholders of GuardedNet seeks appraisal of 800,000 shares of common stock formerly owned by them in GuardedNet, under Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. The suit
has just commenced, and the Companys management has not had an opportunity to thoroughly review the claims. At this time, the Companys management believes that the case will not likely result in an adverse finding by the Chancery Court,
and that any unexpected adverse finding would not have a material adverse effect on the Company. The Company intends to vigorously defend against the appraisal claims.  The Company is also subject to other pending or threatened litigation from time to time in addition to the matters
specifically listed above, including other cases now pending. When we believe there is a likelihood that a loss has occurred or is probable and the amount of that loss is reasonably estimable, we will accrue for estimated losses in the accompanying
consolidated financial statements.  Pending or future
litigation is inherently unpredictable, could be costly and divert our managements attention away from our business, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial results or condition, or cash flow. See also Risk Factors
in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K Our efforts to protect our intellectual property may not be adequate, and third-parties have in the recent past claimed and may claim in the future that we are infringing their proprietary rights.
Due to the inherent unpredictability of litigation, the Company cannot predict the outcome of pending matters with any certainty. Because
of the uncertainties related to both the amount and range of losses in the event of an unfavorable outcome in the pending lawsuits listed above or in certain other pending proceedings for which loss estimates have not been recorded, management of
the Company is unable to make a reasonable estimate of the losses that could result from these matters. Accordingly, no accruals for these contingencies have been recorded.  Note9.
Credit Facility  In May 2004, Quallaby Corporation, which was acquired by the Company in June 2005, entered into a financing arrangement with a bank. The Company has
assumed that arrangement and related amendments. Under 
67 Table of Contents
the arrangement, the Company has access to a $75 million loan facility guaranteed by the Export-Import Bank of the United States the Exim
Facility. The Exim Facility provides for a $64 million letter of credit for the benefit of Lloyds TSB Bank and contains a provision requiring the Company to maintain $20 million in restricted cash at the bank as additional
security.The Company also has other letters of credit issued under the Exim Facility totaling approximately $05 million, and has $06 million remaining available to draw down under the EXIM facility. The arrangement requires the Company to
maintain certain financial and non-financial covenants. At September30, 2005 the Company was in compliance with the covenants. The EXIM agreement expires in January 2006. Other than the letters of credit issued under this arrangement, there
are no borrowings outstanding under this arrangement. The Exim Facility is collateralized by all assets of the Company and bears interest at a rate of the prime rate plus 1%. In addition, a commitment fee of 1%per annum on the face amount of
each letter of credit issued.  Note10.
Restructuring Costs Benefits  As a result of the Companys change in strategy and its desire to improve its cost structure and profitability, the Company announced and implemented
two separate restructuring plans, which were accounted for under EITF No94-3 Liability Recognition for Certain Employee Termination Benefits and Other Costs to Exit an Activity including certain costs incurred in a Restructuring. The
Company does not have any exit or disposal activities as defined under SFAS No146, Accounting for Costs Associated with Exit or Disposal Activities, that were initiated after the effective date of SFAS No146.  The fiscal 2002 restructuring plan, which was announced during the quarter
ended September30, 2002, resulted in a decrease of the Companys workforce by 85 employees and the elimination of excess facilities. In connection with implementation of the restructuring plan, the Company incurred restructuring charges
of $44 million in the quarter ended September30, 2002. In the quarter ended June30, 2003, as a result of a potential tenant terminating negotiations, an additional restructuring charge of $17 million was incurred due to an adjustment
of assumptions on property leases relating to the fiscal 2002 restructuring plan. The Company determined that it would not be able to sub-lease some of the excess facilities that it had expected to sub-lease when calculating the original
restructuring charge.  The fiscal 2003 restructuring plan,
which was announced during the quarter ended December31, 2002, resulted in a decrease of the Companys workforce by 117 employees and total restructuring charges of $31 million, relating to severance and employment related charges.
Severance and employment-related charges consist primarily of
severance, health benefits, other termination costs and legal expenses as a result of the termination of employees. Severance and employment related charges could be higher than the Company has estimated should there be additional arbitration and
legal proceedings. As of September30, 2005, no severance accrual balance is outstanding related to the 2002 or 2003 restructuring plan.  Facility costs primarily represent closure and downsizing costs related to offices in Europe and North America that were vacated as part of the fiscal
2002 restructuring program. Closure and downsizing costs include payments required under lease contracts, after the properties were abandoned, less any applicable estimated sublease income during the period after abandonment. To determine the lease
loss portion of the closure and downsizing costs, certain estimates were made related to the 1time period over which the relevant building would remain vacant, 2sublease terms, and 3sublease rates, including common area
charges. The lease loss accrual is an estimate and will be adjusted in the future upon triggering events such as changes in estimates of time to sublease and actual sublease rates. As of September30, 2005, the remaining $03 million accrual
of lease termination costs, net of estimated sublease income, is expected to be resolved on various dates through March 2006. 
68 Table of Contents
The following table sets forth the restructuring activity for the years ended September30, 2005,
2004 and 2003 in thousands:  Fiscal 2002 Restructuring Plan Fiscal 2003 RestructuringPlan Facility Severance Severance Total Accrual balance at September30, 2002 971 1,636 2,607 Restructuring charges 1,655 3,140 4,795 Amounts utilized Cash paid 828 1,171 2,640 4,639 Non-cash charges 155 49 204 Accrual balance at September30, 2003 1,643 465 451 2,559 Restructuring charges Amounts utilized Cash paid 827 175 84 1,086 Non-cash charges 469 11 480 Accrual balance at September30, 2004 347 290 356 993 Restructuring charges 4 4 Recoveries 285 285 Amounts utilized Cash paid 32 356 388 Non-cash charges 9 5 14 Accrual balance at September30, 2005 310 310  Note11.
Related Party Transaction  In June, 2005, the Company completed the acquisition of Quallaby Corporation, a privately-held software company based in Lowell, Massachusetts. Lloyd
Carney, who currently serves as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, is a limited partner, with no voting rights, in two investment funds that held preferred stock in Quallaby Corporation. Mr.Carneys interest
in the consideration received by these funds was less than $20,000, which the Companys Board deemed immaterial.  Note12.
Subsequent Events  On November14, 2005, the Audit Committee of the Micromuse Board of Directors approved a change in our fiscal year-end from September30 of each
year to October31 of each year. The change is expected to be ratified by the Board of Directors. Micromuse will report information with respect to the one month transition period beginning on October1, 2005, and ending October31,
2005, in its Form 10-Q to be filed for the new first fiscal quarter beginning November1, 2005 and ending January31, 2006, and in its Form 10-K to be filed for the new fiscal year ending October31, 2006, pursuant to SEC Rule 13a-10.
At the beginning of fiscal 2006, we completed our move-in to
the new corporate office space in San Francisco. We expect the overall lease and related facility payments for the prior corporate office space to be no more than $50 million for the period from fiscal 2006 to fiscal 2008. We expect to record a
provision related to this in the first fiscal quarter of 2006. 
69 Table of Contents
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  The Board of Directors and Stockholders Micromuse Inc.  We have audited managements assessment, included in the accompanying Managements Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item9A ii, that Micromuse Inc. maintained
effective internal control over financial reporting as of September30, 2005, based on the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
COSO. Management of Micromuse Inc. is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on managements assessment and an opinion on the effectiveness of the Companys internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that
we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial
reporting, evaluating managements assessment, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit
provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.  A companys
internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. A companys internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that 1pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
and dispositions of the assets of the company; 2provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that
receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 3provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the companys assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.  Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  In our opinion, managements assessment that Micromuse Inc. maintained
effective internal control over financial reporting as of September30, 2005, is fairly stated, in all material respects, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO. Also, in our opinion,
Micromuse Inc. maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September30, 2005, based on the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the consolidated balance sheets of Micromuse Inc. and subsidiaries as of September30, 2005 and 2004, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity
and comprehensive income loss, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended September30, 2005, and our report dated December14, 2005 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements.
/s/ KPMG LLP  San Francisco, California December14, 2005 
70 Table of Contents
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  The Board of Directors and Stockholders Micromuse Inc  We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Micromuse Inc. and subsidiaries as of September30, 2005 and 2004 and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity
and comprehensive income loss and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended September30, 2005. In connection with our audits of the consolidated financial statements, we have also audited financial statement schedule
II. These consolidated financial statements and the financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Companys management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements and financial statement
schedule based on our audits.  We conducted our audits in
accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as
well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Micromuse Inc.
and subsidiaries as of September30, 2005 and 2004 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended September30, 2005, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles. Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States the effectiveness of Micromuse Inc.s internal control over financial reporting as of September30, 2005, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO and our report dated December14, 2005 expressed an unqualified opinion on managements assessment of and effective operation of, internal
control over financial reporting.  /s/KPMG LLP  San Francisco, California December14, 2005 
71 Table of Contents Item1.
Business
3 
Item 2.
Properties
13 
Item 3.
Legal Proceedings
13 
Item 4.
Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
14 PART II 
Item 5.
Controls and Procedures  i Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  Based on their evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our Companys Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer have concluded that their evaluation has provided them with reasonable assurance that the Companys disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15e under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 the Exchange
Act, are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by our Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the
Securities and Exchange Commissions rules and forms.  ii
Managements Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting  Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15f of the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of
our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2005, based on the framework in Internal ControlIntegrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO. Based on this assessment, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2005. Our
managements assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2005, has been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report that is included
herein.  iii Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We hired a number of new personnel during the 2005 fiscal
year, including a new Chief Financial Officer, a Vice President of Finance and Corporate Controller who serves as our Principal Accounting Officer, and number of other accounting and finance staff. During the fourth fiscal quarter, these personnel
implemented a number of new internal controls over financial reporting which led to an overall improvement in our internal control structure. The material changes in internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter consisted of
formalizing and implementing certain control procedures over general computer controls, human resource related controls, and other financial reporting controls over general accounting. Except as described above, we identified no change in our
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2005, and that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  iv Inherent Limitations of Effectiveness of Controls  Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance
that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent
limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within Micromuse have been detected.  