Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 10 Debt.
2 Minimum operating lease commitments only include base rent. Certain leases provide for contingent rents that are not measurable at inception and primarily include rents based on a percentage of sales in excess of stipulated levels, as well as common area maintenance. These amounts are excluded from minimum operating lease commitments and are included in the determination of total rent expense when it is probable that the expense has been incurred and the amount is reasonably measurable.
3 Unconditional purchase obligations primarily include inventory commitments, estimated future earn-out payments, estimated royalty payments pursuant to license agreements, advertising commitments, capital improvement commitments, planned funding of pension and other post-retirement benefit obligations, commitments pursuant to executive compensation arrangements, obligations related to our cost savings initiatives and acquisitions. Future earn-out payments and future royalty and advertising commitments were estimated based on planned future sales for the term that was in effect at June 30, 2011, without consideration for potential renewal periods.
4 Refer to Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 8 Income Taxes for information regarding unrecognized tax benefits. As of June 30, 2011, the noncurrent portion of our unrecognized tax benefits, including related accrued interest and penalties was $1295 million. At this time, the settlement period for the noncurrent portion of the unrecognized tax benefits, including related accrued interest and penalties, cannot be determined and therefore was not included.
Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities
We address certain financial exposures through a controlled program of risk management that includes the use of derivative financial instruments. We enter into foreign currency forward and may enter into option contracts to reduce the effects of fluctuating foreign currency exchange rates and interest rate derivatives to manage the effects of interest rate movements on our aggregate liability portfolio. We also enter into foreign currency forward and option contracts, not designated as hedging instruments, to mitigate the change in fair value of specific assets and liabilities on the balance sheet. We do not utilize derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. Costs associated with entering into these derivative financial instruments have not been material to our consolidated financial results.
40 Table of Contents
For each derivative contract entered into where we look to obtain special hedge accounting treatment, we formally document all relationships between hedging instruments and hedged items, as well as our risk-management objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge transaction, the nature of the risk being hedged, how the hedging instruments effectiveness in offsetting the hedged risk will be assessed prospectively and retrospectively, and a description of the method of measuring ineffectiveness. This process includes linking all derivatives to specific assets and liabilities on the balance sheet or to specific firm commitments or forecasted transactions. We also formally assess, both at the hedges inception and on an ongoing basis, whether the derivatives that are used in hedging transactions are highly effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of hedged items. If it is determined that a derivative is not highly effective, or that it has ceased to be a highly effective hedge, we will be required to discontinue hedge accounting with respect to that derivative prospectively.
Foreign Exchange Risk Management
We enter into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge anticipated transactions, as well as receivables and payables denominated in foreign currencies, for periods consistent with our identified exposures. The purpose of the hedging activities is to minimize the effect of foreign exchange rate movements on costs and on the cash flows that we receive from foreign subsidiaries. The majority of foreign currency forward contracts are denominated in currencies of major industrial countries. We may also enter into foreign currency option contracts to hedge anticipated transactions. The foreign currency forward contracts entered into to hedge anticipated transactions have been designated as foreign currency cash-flow hedges and have varying maturities through the end of March 2013. Hedge effectiveness of foreign currency forward contracts is based on a hypothetical derivative methodology and excludes the portion of fair value attributable to the spot-forward difference which is recorded in current-period earnings. Hedge effectiveness of foreign currency option contracts is based on a dollar offset methodology. The ineffective portion of both foreign currency forward and option contracts is recorded in current-period earnings. For hedge contracts that are no longer deemed highly effective, hedge accounting is discontinued and gains and losses accumulated in other comprehensive income loss are reclassified to earnings when the underlying forecasted transaction occurs. If it is probable that the forecasted transaction will no longer occur, then any gains or losses in accumulated other comprehensive income loss are reclassified to current-period earnings. As of June 30, 2011, these foreign currency cash-flow hedges were highly effective in all material respects.
At June 30, 2011, the Company had foreign currency forward contracts in the amount of $1,4907 million. The foreign currencies included in foreign currency forward contracts notional value stated in U.S. dollars are principally the Swiss franc $2849 million, British pound $2735 million, Canadian dollar $2101 million, Euro $1646 million, Australian dollar $1107 million, Korean won $779 million and Russian ruble $452 million.
Interest Rate Risk Management
We enter into interest rate derivative contracts to manage the exposure to interest rate fluctuations on our funded indebtedness and anticipated issuance of debt for periods consistent with the identified exposures. During fiscal 2011, we terminated our interest rate swap agreements with a notional amount totaling $2500 million which had effectively converted the fixed rate interest on our outstanding 2017 Senior Notes to variable interest rates. The instrument, which was classified as an asset, had a fair value of $474 million at the date of cash settlement. Hedge accounting treatment was discontinued prospectively and the fair value adjustment to the carrying amount of the related debt is being amortized against interest expense over the remaining life of the debt.
Credit Risk
As a matter of policy, we only enter into derivative contracts with counterparties that have at least an A or equivalent credit rating. The counterparties to these contracts are major financial institutions. Exposure to credit risk in the event of nonperformance by any of the counterparties is limited to the gross fair value of contracts in asset positions, which totaled $150 million at June 30, 2011. To manage this risk, we have established counterparty credit guidelines that are continually monitored and reported to management. Accordingly, management believes risk of loss under these hedging contracts is remote.
Certain of our derivative financial instruments contain credit-risk-related contingent features. As of June 30, 2011, we were in a net liability position for certain derivative contracts that contain such features with two counterparties. The fair value of those contracts as of June 30, 2011 was approximately $34 million and we were in compliance with such credit-risk-related contingent features.
41 Table of Contents
Market Risk
We use a value-at-risk model to assess the market risk of our derivative financial instruments. Value-at-risk represents the potential losses for an instrument or portfolio from adverse changes in market factors for a specified time period and confidence level. We estimate value-at-risk across all of our derivative financial instruments using a model with historical volatilities and correlations calculated over the past 250-day period. The high, low and average measured value-at-risk during fiscal 2011 related to our foreign exchange contracts is as follows   
Year Ended June 30, 2011  
In millions  
High  
Low  
Average  
Foreign exchange contracts  
317  
198  
249  
The model estimates were made assuming normal market conditions and a 95 percent confidence level. We used a statistical simulation model that valued our derivative financial instruments against one thousand randomly generated market price paths. Our calculated value-at-risk exposure represents an estimate of reasonably possible net losses that would be recognized on our portfolio of derivative financial instruments assuming hypothetical movements in future market rates and is not necessarily indicative of actual results, which may or may not occur. It does not represent the maximum possible loss or any expected loss that may occur, since actual future gains and losses will differ from those estimated, based upon actual fluctuations in market rates, operating exposures, and the timing thereof, and changes in our portfolio of derivative financial instruments during the year.
We believe, however, that any such loss incurred would be offset by the effects of market rate movements on the respective underlying transactions for which the derivative financial instrument was intended.
OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS
We do not maintain any off-balance sheet arrangements, transactions, obligations or other relationships with unconsolidated entities that would be expected to have a material current or future effect upon our financial condition or results of operations.
RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
Refer to Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for discussion regarding the impact of accounting standards that were recently issued but not yet effective, on our consolidated financial statements.
FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION
We and our representatives from time to time make written or oral forward-looking statements, including statements contained in this and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, in our press releases and in our reports to stockholders. The words and phrases will likely result, expect, believe, planned, may, should, could, anticipate, estimate, project, intend, forecast or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements include, without limitation, our expectations regarding sales, earnings or other future financial performance and liquidity, product introductions, entry into new geographic regions, information systems initiatives, new methods of sale, our long-term strategy, restructuring and other charges and future operations or operating results. Although we believe that our expectations are based on reasonable assumptions within the bounds of our knowledge of our business and operations, actual results may differ materially from our expectations. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from expectations include, without limitation 1 increased competitive activity from companies in the skin care, makeup, fragrance and hair care businesses, some of which have greater resources than we do 2 our ability to develop, produce and market new products on which future operating results may depend and to successfully address challenges in our business 3 consolidations, restructurings, bankruptcies and reorganizations in the retail industry causing a decrease in the number of stores that sell our products, an increase in the ownership concentration within the retail industry, ownership of retailers by our competitors or ownership of competitors by our customers that are retailers and our inability to collect receivables 4 destocking and tighter working capital management by retailers 5 the success, or changes in timing or scope, of new product launches and the success, or changes in the timing or the scope, of advertising, sampling and merchandising programs 42 Table of Contents
6 shifts in the preferences of consumers as to where and how they shop for the types of products and services we sell 7 social, political and economic risks to our foreign or domestic manufacturing, distribution and retail operations, including changes in foreign investment and trade policies and regulations of the host countries and of the United States 8 changes in the laws, regulations and policies including the interpretations and enforcement thereof that affect, or will affect, our business, including those relating to our products, changes in accounting standards, tax laws and regulations, environmental or climate change laws, regulations or accords, trade rules and customs regulations, and the outcome and expense of legal or regulatory proceedings, and any action we may take as a result 9 foreign currency fluctuations affecting our results of operations and the value of our foreign assets, the relative prices at which we and our foreign competitors sell products in the same markets and our operating and manufacturing costs outside of the United States 10 changes in global or local conditions, including those due to the volatility in the global credit and equity markets, natural or man-made disasters, real or perceived epidemics, or energy costs, that could affect consumer purchasing, the willingness or ability of consumers to travel and/or purchase our products while traveling, the financial strength of our customers, suppliers or other contract counterparties, our operations, the cost and availability of capital which we may need for new equipment, facilities or acquisitions, the returns that we are able to generate on our pension assets and the resulting impact on funding obligations, the cost and availability of raw materials and the assumptions underlying our critical accounting estimates 11 shipment delays, depletion of inventory and increased production costs resulting from disruptions of operations at any of the facilities that manufacture nearly all of our supply of a particular type of product i.e. focus factories or at our distribution or inventory centers, including disruptions that may be caused by the implementation of SAP as part of our Strategic Modernization Initiative or by restructurings 12 real estate rates and availability, which may affect our ability to increase or maintain the number of retail locations at which we sell our products and the costs associated with our other facilities 13 changes in product mix to products which are less profitable 14 our ability to acquire, develop or implement new information and distribution technologies and initiatives on a timely basis and within our cost estimates 15 our ability to capitalize on opportunities for improved efficiency, such as publicly-announced strategies and restructuring and cost-savings initiatives, and to integrate acquired businesses and realize value there from 16 consequences attributable to the events that are currently taking place in the Middle East, as well as from any terrorist action, retaliation and the threat of further action or retaliation 17 the timing and impact of acquisitions and divestitures, which depend on willing sellers and buyers, respectively; and
18 additional factors as described in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2011.
We assume no responsibility to update forward-looking statements made herein or otherwise.
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.
The information required by this item is set forth in Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the caption Liquidity and Capital Resources Market Risk and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 1.  
Business  
2      
Item 1A.  
Risk Factors  
11      
Item 1B.  
Unresolved  Staff Comments  
15      
Item 2.  
Properties  
16      
Item 3.  
Legal Proceedings  
16      
Item 4. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.
None.
43 Table of Contents
