Item8. Financial
Statements and Supplementary DataNotes to Consolidated Financial StatementsNote
1.
We believe we are one of the leading manufacturers and
suppliers of casino table game equipment in the world. Our business activities
include the manufacture and/or supply of gaming chips, table layouts, wheels,
playing cards, dice, gaming furniture, and miscellaneous table accessories such
as chip trays, drop boxes and dealing shoes, which are used in conjunction with
casino table games such as blackjack, poker, baccarat, craps and roulette.
We are headquartered in Las Vegas, Nevada, with
manufacturing facilities located in Las Vegas, Nevada, San Luis Rio Colorado,
Mexico, and Beaune, France. Our primary sales offices are in Las Vegas, Nevada
and Atlantic City, New Jersey and Gulfport, Mississippi for the United States,
and Beaune, France for the remainder of the world. Through our GPI-USA
subsidiary, we primarily sell our casino products manufactured in North America
to licensed casinos throughout the United States and Canada. Through our GPI-SAS
subsidiary, we primarily sell our European-manufactured casino products and
some North American products to licensed casinos internationally in countries
other than the United States. Our revenues are derived primarily from the sale
of casino table game products to casinos throughout the world. Most of our
products are sold directly to end-users. In some regions of the world, however,
we sell through distributors. We also sell our non-casino poker chips to a
wholesaler in the United States.
We manufacture products to meet particular customer
and industry specifications, which may include a wide range of shapes and
sizes, varied color schemes and other graphics, and numerous security and
anti-counterfeit features. The useful lives of our products typically range
from several hours in the case of playing cards and dice, to several months in
the case of layouts, and several years in the case of casino chips and gaming
furniture. As such, our primary business is the ongoing replacement sale of
these products and providing initial products
to new casinos. When a new casino opens, we strive to supply most of the
products required to operate the casinos table games. When successful,
revenues are generated both from the initial sale to the new casino and on a
continuing basis as the new casino becomes part of our primary customer base.
GPI-USA was founded
in 1963 by our former Chairman, PaulS. Endy,Jr., and initially
manufactured and sold dice to casinos in Las Vegas. The former Bud Jones
Company was founded in 1963 by Bud Jones and this entity eventually merged into
GPI-USA, formerly Paul-Son Gaming Supplies,Inc. GPI-SAS
was formed by Mr.Bourgogne and Mr.Grasset in 1923 and became
operational in 1925 in Beaune, France.
Product Segments
We operate in one
operating segmentcasino game equipment products in multi-geographic areas. See
PartIIItem8. Financial Statements and Supplementary DataNotes to
Consolidated Financial StatementsNote14.
Recent Developments
We have demolished the existing building on the
property we purchased adjacent to our Las Vegas Headquarter in Aprilof
2005. We are currently in the process of constructing a paved parking lot while
awaiting the proper permits from the local government authorities. We expect to
have this completed in the second quarter of 2006.
In January2006,
Progressive Gaming International Corporation, a provider of diversified gaming products
and services, granted GPIC the exclusive rights in the U.S. and non-exclusive
rights outside the U.S. to manufacture gaming chips with 1356 MHz RFID
technology. GPIC has the ability to embed the 1356 MHz RFID microchip in each
and every one of its popular brands of gaming chips. We offer casinos all of
our gaming chips, plaques and jetons with either this proprietary embedded high
frequency 1356MHz RFID microchip or our well known and reliable 125 KHz
RFID microchips and readers, which technology we will support and continue developing
in the future for the casinos particularly interested in
Casino-Currency-Control.
Products
Gaming Chips
We design and manufacture gaming chips, including
casino chips, plaques and jetons the European equivalent of casino chips to
meet a variety of customer preferences and specifications, including size,
weight, ability to stack, ease of handling, texture, color, graphics,
durability, security and anti-counterfeit features. Because casino chips,
jetons and plaques, like real currency, are subject to counterfeiting, we
incorporate a variety of custom security and anti-counterfeit features into each
chip. Our most sophisticated anti-counterfeiting feature is a radio frequency
identification device, or RFID, which is a microchip that can be embedded in
our gaming chips making them extremely counterfeit resistant.
A casino will generally order all of its gaming chips,
including replacement chips after wear and usage, from a single supplier. Accordingly,
we strive to become the original chip supplier to a casino upon its opening. A
new casino order will typically include at least five to seven distinct chip
denominations, colors and styles, ranging in denominations from $050 to in
excess of $1 million. Our selling price is variable, based on the
customization, and generally between $075 and $200 per chip in the USA,
depending upon the specification, quantities, design and security features. A
typical Paulson brand clay chip with a microchip will sell for less than
approximately $190 per chip. Given this relatively low cost and a gaming chips
expected lifespan of five or more years, we believe that competition is
generally based upon factors  2 other than price. In 2005,
we sold and manufactured approximately 20 million gaming chips, including
casino chips, plaques and jetons.
Gaming chips can be
divided into three basic families: aEuropean-style
jetons and plaques; bAmerican-style casino chips; and ccommemorative
chips. Jetons, plaques and all casino chips can also be manufactured with an
embedded RFID microchip. Casino chips accounted for approximately 66% of total
sales in 2005.
European-style
Jetons and Plaques
Jetons and plaques are
European-style casino chips. Our jetons and plaques are manufactured by GPI-SAS
at our facility in France. Jetons are circular with standard diameters in 13
different sizes, ranging from 32 mm to 60 mm. Plaques are rectangular, square
or oval with standard sizes ranging from 30 mmx30 mm to 151 mm
x105 mm. Jetons and plaques are used mainly for traditional European
games and also extensively in Asian countries. Jetons and plaques are made of
laminated cellulose acetate with a very large range of colors, shapes and
security and anti-counterfeit components, such as, UV print, number
serialization, laser print or LaserLock, gold lace material and RFID
technology. GPI-SAS created its original product line in 1925 and has
held a leading position in this market since that time. Our production capacity
in France for European-style jetons and plaques is approximately five million
chips, considering the use of three shifts.
American-style
Casino Chips
Casino chips are
used worldwide for games originating in the United States of America. Originally,
gaming chips in the United States were made of clay and called clay chips. Clay was replaced many years ago by plastic
materials. There are currently three main technologies used to produce these
types of chips: injection molding, sublimation and compression molding. We
produce casino chips using all three of these methods. GPI-USA
manufactures our American-style casino chips under our brand names, Paulson
and Bud Jones, at our facilities in San Luis Rio Colorado, Mexico and in Las
Vegas, Nevada. GPI-SAS also manufactures Americanstyle casino chips in Beaune,
France.
Injection Molded Chips. Plastic
injection molded chips were created in the late 1960s under the Bud Jones
brand, manufactured in the U.S. Such chips are made with several injection
molded colors, typically with a central metal piece for the weight and printed
decals. There are several standard diameters and a wide range of design and
color combinations. Various security features are used to make the chips
counterfeit resistant, including UV pigments, UV prints, LaserLock, holograms
and RFID technology. The Bud Jones brand offers a wide range of such chips,
made of acrylic with very vivid colors and with ground and smooth surface. Since
1990, the BG brand, which is manufactured in France, has developed a full
line of injection molded chips with designs different from the Bud Jones brand
and using a different type of plastic material with less vivid colors but
requiring no grinding and allowing a rougher surface. A particular line of
injection molded gaming chips specifically designed and sold for optical reading
identification are also manufactured by GPI-SAS. The GPI-USAs and GPI-SAS
lines of injection-molded chips allow a very good coverage of most casinos
requirements, which vary greatly around the world. Production capacity for
injection molded chips in the U.S. and France is approximately 12 million,
considering the use of 2-3 shifts. 3 Sublimation Chips. Sublimation chips
are made of one disc of white plastic material usually injection molded. The
decor of these chips is traditionally transferred from printed paper to the
plastic material by pressing and heating the printed paper onto the plastic
disc. The printed colors sublimate and go from the paper into the plastic
material. In 1996, GPI-SAS created a new way of manufacturing this type
of casino chip by using a printing technology called pad printing. This technology permits simultaneously
printing on the face and the edge of the chip. GPI-SAS holds several
patents and patent applications for this technology, and refers to this casino
chip as Full Face. Security features
for sublimation chips include UV pigments and LaserLock. Production capacity at
GPI-SAS is approximately two million chips, considering utilizing three shifts.
Compression Molded Chips. Compression
molded casino chips are manufactured from a proprietary formulation of more
than 13 raw materials using a compression molding system. Printed decals or
inlays are incorporated in the chips during the molding steps. Customized
designs, security and identifying features are incorporated into the chips. GPI-USA
holds a leading market share in compression molded chips, which are similar to
the original clay chips of the past. They have a unique feel and easy handling
and are often referred to as clay chips.
Compression molded chips are manufactured under the Paul-Son brand at
its GPI-Mexico facilities in San Luis Rio Colorado, Mexico. Various
security features are used to make the chips more counterfeit resistant,
including UV pigments, LaserLock, alpha-dot, customized rim and RFID technology.
Our annual production capacity at our Mexico facilities is approximately 20
million compression molded chips based on a single shift and increased labor
availability. We believe that given our current anticipated production level
of compression molded chips per year, there will be sufficient manufacturing
capacity to meet potential increases in future demand. In 2005, GPI-Mexico
produced approximately 14 million chips.
Commemorative Chips
Since 1994, GPIC has
marketed chips that commemorate certain types of special events such as title
boxing matches, significant anniversaries and premier entertainment events. Casino
patrons often retain commemorative chips as souvenirs. Casinos benefit to the
extent that casino chips purchased are not redeemed, thereby resulting in added
cash flow to the casino.
Gaming Chips with
RFID Microchips and Reading Equipment
Need for RFID
Gaming chips are the principal currency of each
casino, and each casino has its own unique gaming chips or currency. A gaming
chip that appears or feels or even sounds slightly different than the others
can warrant review by the casino personnel. There are several possible security
and anti-counterfeit features that can be incorporated into the chip material
itself and/or in the chip appearance.
The most sophisticated anti-counterfeiting devices are
the microchips or RFID, which can be embedded in gaming chips without modifying
the other appearance or handling characteristics of the chips. These chips are
not only high quality casino gaming chips, but they are also reliable carriers
of the data needed by the casinos to efficiently and securely manage their
table game operations.
A sophisticated RFID microchip transponder is embedded
in each gaming chip. Read/write devices manufactured by us communicate quickly
and accurately with a large number of these RFID embedded gaming chips without
human contact. The authenticity and denomination of each chip is established,
and then the data is transferred to the casino information systems.
The RFID embedded gaming chips can be read with 100%
accuracy, either one at a time or in large quantities, with the same efficiency
whether in stacks, boxes, trays, cabinets or on the tables. This increases the
security of the chip production, transportation, and utilization. 4 Traditional jetons,
plaques and casino chips could not easily and precisely be accounted for by the
casinos and the games that call for them, thus they could not be managed by
casinos as efficiently as slot systems. Casinos have a need for more streamlined
and automated accounting transactions between the pit and cage operations, thus
the RFID solution.
RFID Technology
Bourgogne Grasset now GPI SAS started
making RFID chips before 1994. Some 10 years ago GPIC and Mikohn Gaming
Corporation, now Progressive Gaming International Corporation, started working
together and selected Philips 125 KHz or low frequency RFID technology as it is
particularly well adapted to the chip security and chip tracking applications.
PGIC developed players tracking applications with this technology. GPIC
acquired the rights to the reader technology from Philips in 2001 and developed
very significantly the reading capabilities of this reader. Ten years ago GPIC
readers could read only stacks of 10 chips, now several hundred of chips in
stacks of 20 can be read in a matter of a few seconds and new improvements are
coming. The 125 KHz Philips RFID microchip used by GPIC is now in its third
generation and a fourth generation is planned.
Over the years RFID chips capabilities went up and
costs came down. The first BG gaming chips with RFID technology that GPI
sold in 1996, were priced above $600, more than $450 above the regular price
of a gaming chip. Today instead of $450, GPIC charges substantially less for
an embedded 125 KHz RFID microchip transponder in a Paulson chip, programming
and royalty included. In parallel, the prices of the readers went down while
their capabilities increased.
Over the last few years, GPIC has sold several million
RFID chips and hundreds of readers mainly for chip tracking and chip security
to casinos all over the world, including the U.S. GPIC holds several
international patents related to the embedding process of an RFID microchip
into a gaming chip, a jeton or a plaque and an exclusive license on two patents
owned jointly by IGT and Shuffle Master to make and sell RFID chips in the U.S.
Our patents and exclusive license apply to all RFID frequencies.
In 2003, PGIC started developing new player tracking
systems based on the higher frequency 1356 MHz RFID microchips and readers
developed by an Australian company called Magellan. PGIC has an exclusive
agreement with Magellan for all gaming applications of these 1356 MHz RFID
microchips and readers. As casinos have expressed an interest in PGICs
project, we developed efficient ways to embed this 1356 MHz RFID tag in all
well known and widely accepted BG, Paulson and Bud Jones chips including
BG jetons and plaques. In January2006, PGIC and GPIC signed an
agreement by which we have the right to buy the 1356 MHz RFID tags to make
casino chips, exclusive for the U.S. market and non-exclusive for the rest of
the world. Casinos now have the choice between the two RFID technologies:
125KHz and 1356MHz.
The RFID chips and readers significantly increase the
casino protection against counterfeit chips. In addition, the RFID chips and
readers, with appropriate software programs, open the door to significant
increases in efficiency and cost savings. Chips can be tracked and accounted
for automatically and reliably everywhere in the casino. With appropriate
systems developed and sold by other companies, players can also be tracked for
more objective comping.
As a result of RFID embedded
gaming chips, readers and computer systems, the necessary tools are now
available for the casinos to track their gaming chips and players and to manage
their tables as efficiently as their slots.
Dice
We manufacture our dice at our GPI-Mexico
facilities, from cellulose acetate specifically formulated to provide the
required clarity, hardness and dimensional stability. All dice are sold
directly by GPI-USA  5 to North America and the
Caribbean Islands. GPI-SAS distributes dice to the other parts of the
world. We offer a variety of spot designs, which are inserted in the body of
the dice and machined flat to the surface. We offer two different finishes and
up to two monograms on the dice. A casino may request the imprinting of its
name and logo in a variety and combination of colors, the insertion of a
hidden security key, a special reverse spot, the addition of a security glow
spot, the use of LaserLock, the serialization of the dice, or all, or a
combination of, the above.
All of our brands of dice are manufactured with a high
degree of accuracy in conformity with the strictest standards of gaming
regulations. Generally, a stick of dice two and one-half pair does not remain
in play for more than eight hours on a given table, in a busy casino.
The typical sales price of
casino dice currently ranges between approximately $300 and $400 per pair. We
currently have the capacity to produce approximately 1 million pairs of dice
per year based upon one production shift in Mexico. In 2005, we produced
approximately 789,000 pair of dice. We believe our capacity for dice production
is sufficient to accommodate an increase in production requirements.
Table Layouts
Every gaming table is covered with a layout printed
with patterns particular to each specific game, as well as multi-colored logos
and other markings according to individual casino preferences. GPI-USA
has developed a comprehensive range of different quality layouts and various
printing processes. GPI-USA manufactures Paulson
felt and synthetic layouts made of FX material for which
GPI-USA holds an exclusivity of supply in the U.S., as well as full graphic
layouts. We have a creative art department that can design any specific layout
to meet the casino needs.
We believe we are a leading manufacturer of layouts in
the United States, utilizing high quality cloths, enhanced graphics, and
proprietary dye formulations which we believe result in the widest variety of
customized colors. Since 2000, when we acquired certain patent rights covering
methodology and processes relating to the screening of inks on synthetic cloth
for casino tabletop layouts, we have also offered synthetic layouts in a wide
variety of colors and customer preferences. The patent rights have a remaining
duration of 10 years and enable us to provide a full line of table game
supplies and equipment.
We typically install layouts on new gaming tables
prior to delivery to a casino. The table layouts are replaced by casinos on a
regular basis, in order to maintain their appearance, which is generally within
60 to 150 days. Layouts typically sell in a price range of approximately $100
to $300 in the United States, depending on the type of table, the complexity of
the patterns and the variety and difficulty of color combinations.
We primarily sell our
layouts manufactured from our Mexico facilities and occasionally, in Las Vegas;
we also may sell a small quantity of full graphic sublimation layouts using an
outside vendor. Our layout production capacity is approximately 24,000 felt
layouts and approximately 20,000 synthetic layouts per year. In fiscal 2005, we
produced approximately 29,000 layouts, of which approximately 14,000 were felt
and 15,000 were synthetic. We believe the capacity of our layout production
facilities in Mexico will allow us to increase layout production as needed.
Playing Cards
We manufacture and sell our own line of paper casino
playing cards under the Paulson
brand. A deck of cards typically sells to casinos within a price range of
approximately $080 and $150 and, based on casino industry practices, is
generally replaced every eight hours or less. A casino typically enters into a
one or two year purchase commitment with a supplier to supply its cards at
regular intervals, generally monthly. Casinos occasionally purchase cards from
more than one supplier, as casino floor managers often have preferences for a
particular type of card. Our cards are compatible with all card shufflers. 6 Given our relatively low market share of the playing
cards market, our established distribution system for table game supplies and
our low cost manufacturing facilities, we believe that playing cards represent
a reasonable growth opportunity for us.
We produce all of our playing cards in our GPI-Mexico
facilities. We purchased and leased additional equipment in fiscal 1999 to
increase our production capacity to satisfy the marketplace. The appropriate
marketing approach will permit management to offer better customer service to
selected clients, providing a better return to us. In 2005, the Company
produced approximately 4 million decks of playing cards.
Traditionally, the
California card room market prefers the plastic playing cards while the
traditional hotel-casino markets generally prefer the paper cards. Our
capacity, assuming a single shift, is approximately 8 million decks per year.
Wheels
GPI-SAS manufactures American and French
roulette wheels in Beaune, France and sells them primarily in Europe and in
certain United States and Canadian-based jurisdictions where GPI-SAS is
licensed such as New Jersey, Washington State and Mississippi. Production in
France consists in designing and assembling the different parts produced by
very specialized sub-contractors. In 2005, France produced and sold
approximately 100 roulette wheels mostly in Europe. Our capacity is
approximately 300 wheels.
Until the Combination, the
former two U.S. companies, Paul-Son and Bud Jones, manufactured roulette wheels
and Big Six wheels in their plants in Las Vegas. In October2000 and September2002,
respectively, the former Bud Jones and the former Paul-Son administratively and
voluntarily surrendered their Nevada gaming manufacturer and distributor
licenses due to excessive license costs, and were no longer permitted to
assemble or manufacture wheels in Nevada or sell wheels from Nevada. On November18,
2004, the Nevada Gaming Commission granted GPI-SAS and GPI-USA
approval, by way of transactional waivers, to manufacture and distribute
roulette wheels to Nevada casinos. Also as a result of this ruling, both
companies may service roulette wheels for refurbishment.
Gaming Furniture
We sell a variety of
casino gaming furniture, including tables and seating. Tables range in price
from approximately $1,500 for a blackjack table to approximately $3,000 for a
roulette table excluding the roulette wheel and up to approximately $5,000
for a craps game table. We offer a Premier line of gaming furniture and a Select
line in response to the industrys demand for a lower priced, quality line of
blackjack tables. We believe the Select line enables us to compete with the
price structure of our competitors while maintaining our quality standards. We
vigorously pursue gaming table sales because the sale of a gaming table will
generally bolster our ability to sell gaming chips and consumable products such
as layouts, dice, cards, and other accessories to the table purchasers. Prior
to 2000, we purchased our gaming tables from a third party and subsequently we
began manufacturing our own table game furniture components in our Mexico
facility. Tables are assembled by us in Mexico and completed by adding the felt
layout, drop boxes, trays and other table accessories in Las Vegas. Table game
seating is produced by nonaffiliated manufacturers and distributed by us. We
have seen a growth in our sales of gaming furniture due to the openings and expansions
of new poker rooms. In 2005, GPI-Mexico produced approximately 2,300 tables. GPI-SAS
also manufactures a variety of casino gaming furniture, including tables
blackjack, roulette, etc. in Beaune, France.
Table Accessories and Other Products
In order to offer our customers a full product line,
we sell a number of ancillary casino table game products, which we typically do
not manufacture. We have expanded our manufacturing of certain plastic  7 products, including
dealing shoes in our Mexicana facility. Ancillary products include plastic
money paddles, discard holders, drop boxes, dealing shoes, trays and covers,
dice sticks and on/off pucks. These products are generally sold in conjunction
with the sale of gaming tables and tend to have long useful lives. In 2005,
GPI-Mexico produced approximately 11,000 ancillary products and sold in
conjunction with our gaming furniture.
We also sell an air
ventilation device specifically for gaming tables called the Air-Rail
System. This ventilation system creates a positive flow of air at the gaming
table, which pushes smoke away from the dealer and assists nonsmokers in
contending with secondhand smoke. Small air vent devices secured underneath the
table draw smoke from the surface and recycle it, dispensing the air outward
where the casinos primary ventilation systems can distribute it. By filtering
and dispersing the smoke-filled air, the Air-Rail System makes the casinos
primary air circulation systems perform more efficiently and improves the
comfort of the nonsmoking casino dealers and patrons. In March2005, we
purchased four patents, including one for the Air-Rail System.
Sales, Advertising and Promotion
We generally distribute our products in the United
States, North America and the Caribbean Islands through our six-person sales force, which primarily operates out of regional
offices in Las Vegas, Nevada, Atlantic City, New Jersey and Gulfport,
Mississippi. We generally distribute our products in the international market
through our four-person sales force, which operates out of our Beaune, France
office.
We believe that the long-standing customer
relationships, which have been developed over the years by our individual sales
representatives, as well as our reputation for quality, reliability and
security features, are key factors upon which we successfully compete in the
market place. Experience, production, flexibility, service and a wide range of
products are the keys to selling customized products and position ourselves as
the casino partners for the table operations. When direct selling is not
feasible because of local conditions, we may enter into agreements with
carefully selected local distributors. But, even in this case, we always
maintain direct contact with the end clients.
We place advertising in trade publications and
participate in major casino industry trade shows. We keep abreast of new casino
openings through personal contact with casino management, legislative and trade
publications and wire service press releases. When new casinos are identified,
our representatives make personal contact with appropriate officers and/or
purchasing agents in order to solicit the sale of our products to such
potential new customers.
Our experience has been
that once a casino buys from a table game supplier, it tends to purchase
replacement products from the same supplier, provided that the quality, service
and competitive pricing on the products are maintained. As a result, our sales
efforts are primarily focused on selling and promoting a wide range of table gaming
products to casinos while they are in the development and licensing stage. By
thereafter maintaining a frequent contact program, we seek to realize a
steadily increasing base of recurring sales for our consumable products such as
layouts, dice and cards, while capturing incremental sales to new casinos.
Materials, Supplies and Backlog
We maintain good relationships with our suppliers and
have, where possible, diversified our supplier base so as to avoid a disruption
of supply. However, some key raw materials for our principal products have
unique suppliers. In most other cases, our raw materials are staple goods, such
as paper, plastic, wood, and felt and synthetic fabric, which are readily
available from several suppliers. We believe that our practice of purchasing
from diversified sources minimizes the risk of interrupting the supply of raw
materials. 8 Our backlog of production
orders amounted to approximately $45 million for the U.S. and $212 million
for our France operation as of December31, 2005. At December31,
2004, our backlog was approximately $45 million for the U.S. and $100 million
for our France operation. We believe that all of our backlog will be filled in
2006.
Competition
There are a number of companies that compete with us
in the sale of each of our product lines Gaming
Chips. The gaming chip product line has in
recent years become an increasingly competitive area of the gaming supply
business. Currently, our major competitors and their respective locations are
Chipco International Ltd. and RT Plastics in the United States, Abbiati in
Italy, Dolphin in Australia, Matsui Gaming Machines in Japan and other local
manufacturers in each jurisdiction. We believe key competitive factors for
gaming chip sales are: well established product and process security, respect
of players and dealers habits, attractiveness, durability, quality of service
and price.
Table
Layouts. Our primary competitors for casino
table layouts are Midwest Game Supply Co. and Gemaco Playing Card Co. in the
United States, and TCS/John Huxley in the United Kingdom. We believe the key
competitive factors for table layout sales are cloth quality, durability,
printing processes and price.
Playing
Cards. Our major competitors in the
domestic playing card market are The U.S. Playing Card Co. and Gemaco
Playing Card Co. Our major competitors internationally are Angel Cards in
Japan, primarily servicing the Asian market, and Carta Mundi in Belgium,
primarily servicing the European market. We believe the primary competitive
factors for playing cards are price, intrinsic characteristics snap memory,
ease of handling, etc., security, quality control, brand name identification,
process security and reputation.
Gaming
Furniture. Our principal competitors for
casino gaming furniture are TCS/John Huxley in the United Kingdom and
Abbiati in Italy and smaller regional wood shops in certain geographic areas.
Competition is based on product ranges, quality service, industry know how, and
price.
Dice. Our
principal competitor for domestic casino dice sales is Midwest Game
Supply Co. There is no significant market internationally for casino dice. We
believe the primary competitive factors for dice sales are quality of the
product and services and pricing. In addition, casino shift managers typically
prefer that casinos purchase dice from more than one supplier due to industry
superstition that dice from one of its suppliers may run cold for the house
from time to time.
Table
Accessories and Other Products. Our principal competitors for
distributing table accessories and other products, which include drop
boxes, dealing shoes, chip trays and chip bank covers, foot rails are several
local vendors. We believe that key competitive factors for these products are
the ability to be a single source supplier, service, convenient locations, and
product quality. 9 Intellectual Property
We have a portfolio of
registered service marks, trademarks and logos, exclusive patent rights, and
patents that provide us with a competitive advantage, fostering future
profitability and growth. The logos and trademarks include, but are not limited
to: Gaming Partners International,
GPI, Paulson, Bud Jones, Smartchips, Chipsoft,
SafeChip, Bourgogne et Grasset, BG,
Paulson FX, Paul-Son Gaming, Air-Rail,
and TK. We also retain an exclusive
license to manufacture and sell gaming chips with embedded RFID microchips in
the United States until 2015. We believe that our trademarks, logos and patent
rights are valuable to the operation of our Company and are important to our
marketing strategy. Our policy is to actively pursue and maintain registration
of our trademarks and logos where our business strategy requires us to do so
and to oppose vigorously any infringement or dilution of our trademarks, logos
or patent rights. However, we cannot predict whether steps taken by us to
protect our proprietary rights will be adequate to prevent misappropriation of
these rights or the use by others. It may be difficult for us to prevent others
from copying elements of our concepts, or our trade secrets, and any litigation
to enforce our rights will likely involve significant costs.
Environmental Matters
We believe we are in compliance with international,
federal, state and local laws and regulations that have been enacted or adopted
relating to the protection of the environment. The liability for environmental
remediation or costs will be accrued by us when or if it is considered probable
and the costs can be reasonably estimated. The parcel of land that we purchased
in the second quarter of 2005 contained a building that has been demolished as
we plan to use the land primarily for parking. There is currently no violation
of law and we plan on completing the parking lot construction in accordance
with all local laws and regulations.
Employees
At February28, 2006,
we employed approximately 870 persons. Approximately 450 of the employees were
located at our Mexico facilities, approximately 320 employees were located in
our Beaune, France facility and the remainder were located primarily in Las
Vegas, Nevada and Atlantic City, New Jersey. None of our employees are covered
by collective bargaining agreements and we believe that our relations with our
employees are good.
Regulation and Licensing
General Gaming
Regulation
The
gaming operations of each of our subsidiaries are subject to extensive
regulation, and each of our subsidiaries hold registrations, approvals, gaming
licenses or permits in each jurisdiction in which it operates gaming activities.
A list of the geographical locations of the jurisdictions in which we, through
our subsidiaries, are subject to licensing and/or regulatory control of the
gaming authorities is set forth below.  
Gaming Jurisdictions
Arizona
New York
California
North Carolina
Colorado
North Dakota
Connecticut
Oklahoma
Florida
Oregon
Illinois
South Dakota
Indiana
Washington
Iowa
Wisconsin
Kansas
Australia
10  
Louisiana
Puerto Rico
Michigan
Nova Scotia, Canada
Minnesota
Ontario, Canada
Mississippi
Manitoba, Canada
Missouri
Saskatchewan, Canada
Montana
Quebec, Canada
Nevada
British Columbia, Canada
New Jersey
Alberta, Canada
New Mexico
Republic of Panama
While the regulatory requirements vary from
jurisdiction to jurisdiction, most require licenses, permits, findings of
suitability, documentation of qualification including evidence of financial
stability and/or other required approvals for companies who manufacture and
distribute gaming equipment, as well as the individual suitability of officers,
directors, major stockholders and key employees. Under the various gaming
regulations, key personnel generally include the current and/or proposed
corporate officers and directors of a corporation and its subsidiaries. Laws of
the various gaming regulatory agencies are generally intended to protect the
public and ensure that gaming related activity is conducted honestly,
competitively, and free of corruption.
Various gaming regulatory
agencies have issued licenses allowing our wholly owned subsidiaries to
manufacture and/or distribute our products. Our subsidiaries and their key
personnel, as applicable, have obtained or applied for all government licenses,
permits, registrations, findings of suitability and approvals necessary
allowing for the manufacture and distribution of gaming supplies and equipment
in the jurisdictions where it is required. These companies have never been
denied a gaming related license, nor have any licenses been suspended or
revoked.
Nevada Gaming
Regulation
The manufacture and distribution of gaming equipment
in Nevada are subject to extensive state and local regulation. Our operations
were subject to the licensing and regulatory control of the Nevada Gaming
Commission, the Nevada State Gaming Control Board and various local regulatory
agencies, or the Nevada Gaming Authorities, due to our prior manufacture of
roulette wheels and Big Six wheels, which are considered gaming devices.
The complex regulatory scheme governing the licensing
of gaming device manufacturers and distributors in Nevada imposed
administrative burdens which far exceed those of most other gaming
jurisdictions when applied to our new combined corporate structure and our
foreign stockholders. From the time of the Combination and up to mid-2004,
in the opinion of our management, the anticipated time and expense of a foreign
investigation that would be conducted by the Nevada Gaming Authorities would far
outweigh any benefit to be gained by maintaining licensure in Nevada. Specifically,
based upon an analysis of three factors: the potential market for our roulette
and Big Six wheels in Nevada; the benefits gained through our choice of
corporate structure; and the administrative costs associated with compliance
with certain requirements of the Nevada Gaming Authorities, we concluded that
the costs of maintaining licensure in Nevada upon the completion of the
Combination significantly exceeded our potential profits. We thus
administratively and voluntarily surrendered the Nevada gaming licenses of the
former Paul-Son Gaming Supplies,Inc. upon the completion of the
Combination, a procedure that allowed us to forego licensure in Nevada without
impacting its licensure in other gaming jurisdictions or its ability to
continue to manufacture roulette wheels and Big Six wheels in and for other
jurisdictions. The above license surrender did not impact the manufacture or
sale of our other products in Nevada.
In mid-2004, however, with the construction of
new casino properties in Nevada on the horizon, the Company applied to the
Nevada Gaming Authorities for certain exemptions from provisions of the Nevada  11 gaming laws and for the
limited licensure of GPI-USA and GPI-SAS to manufacture and
distribute roulette wheels in Nevada. Company research showed that no current
licensed manufacturers or distributors in Nevada were actively in the business
of manufacturing or selling roulette wheels and it was anticipated that Nevada
casino operators were in need of a source for such products.
By Nevada State Gaming
Commission Order entered November18, 2004, GPIC was exempted from
registration as a publicly traded corporation and GPI-USA and GPIS-SAS
were each licensed as manufacturers and distributors strictly limited to the
manufacture, distribution and service of roulette wheels in Nevada, and subject
to administrative approval prior to the distribution of any roulette wheel and
further subject to specified conditions set forth in the Order, including but
not limited to the filing of periodic reports with and notifications to Nevada
Gaming Authorities. The result of this Order is to grant GPI-USA and GPI-SAS
transactional waivers so that they may manufacture roulette wheels for sale to
Nevada casino licensees. The waivers granted were specifically found by the
Nevada State Gaming Commission to be consistent with the policies set forth for
in the Nevada gaming laws. These waivers may, however, be withdrawn by the
Nevada State Gaming Control Board for any cause deemed reasonable. Upon such
withdrawal, the Company would be subject to full registration and licensing.
New Jersey Gaming
Regulation
Our subsidiaries are currently required to be licensed
under the New Jersey Casino Control Act, or the New Jersey Act, as casino
service industries qualified to manufacture and sell gaming-related products to
casinos in New Jersey. As part of such licensure, parent companies, holding
companies and certain officers and directors of the companies are required to
be found suitable by the New Jersey Casino Control Commission, or the New
Jersey Commission. The sale and distribution of gaming equipment to casinos in
New Jersey is also subject to the New Jersey Act and the regulations
promulgated thereunder by the New Jersey Commission. The New Jersey Commission
has broad discretion in promulgating and interpreting regulations under the New
Jersey Act. Amendments and supplements to the New Jersey Act, if any, may be of
a material nature, and accordingly may adversely affect the ability of a
company or its employees to obtain any required licenses, permits and approvals
from the New Jersey Commission, or any renewals thereof. The current
regulations govern licensing requirements, standards for qualification, persons
required to be qualified, disqualification criteria, competition, investigation
of supplementary information, duration of licenses, record keeping, causes for
suspension, standards for renewals or revocation of licenses, equal employment
opportunity requirements, fees and exemptions. In deciding to grant a license,
the New Jersey Commission may consider, among other things, the financial
stability, integrity, responsibility, good character, and reputation for
honesty, business ability and experience of the applicant and its directors,
officers, management and supervisory personnel, principal employees and
stockholders as well as the adequacy of the financial resources of the
applicant. New Jersey licenses are granted for a period of three or four years,
depending on the length of time a company has been licensed, and if they are
renewable. The New Jersey Commission may impose such conditions upon licensing,
as it deems appropriate. These include the ability of the New Jersey Commission
to require the applicant or licensee to report the names of all of its
stockholders as well as the ability to require any stockholders whom the New
Jersey Commission finds not qualified to dispose of the stock, not receive
dividends, not exercise any rights conferred by the shares, nor receive any
remuneration from the licensee for services rendered or otherwise. Failure of
such stockholder to dispose of such stockholders stock could result in the
loss of the license. Licenses are also subject to suspension, revocation or
refusal for sufficient cause, including the violation of any law. In addition,
licensees are also subject to monetary penalties for violations of the New
Jersey Act or the regulations of the New Jersey Commission.
Our new combined structure
required that each subsidiary company submit a new application for licensure. Upon
a satisfactory initial background investigation, each company as necessary has
obtained transactional waiver approval from the New Jersey Commission to engage
in specific transactions with  12 New
Jersey casinos pending the outcome of the complete investigation of each
subsidiarys respective license application.
Other Gaming
Jurisdictions
In addition to New Jersey, our subsidiaries are
currently licensed in a number of other jurisdictions. Although the regulations
in these jurisdictions are not identical to the states of Nevada or New Jersey,
their material attributes are substantially similar, and are summarized below.
The manufacture, sale and
distribution of gaming supplies in each jurisdiction are subject to various
state, county and/or municipal laws, regulations and ordinances, which are
administered by the relevant regulatory agency or agencies in that jurisdiction.
These laws, regulations and ordinances primarily concern the responsibility,
financial stability and character of gaming supply and equipment owners,
distributors, sellers and operators, as well as persons financially interested
or involved in gaming or liquor operations. In many jurisdictions, selling or
distributing gaming supplies may not be conducted unless proper licenses are
obtained. An application for a license may be denied for any cause which the
gaming regulators deem reasonable. In order to ensure the integrity of
manufacturers and distributors of gaming supplies, most jurisdictions have the
authority to conduct background investigations of a company, its key personnel
and significant stockholders. The gaming regulators may at any time revoke,
suspend, condition, limit or restrict a license for any cause deemed reasonable
by the gaming regulators. Fines for violation of gaming laws or regulations may
be levied against the holder of a license and persons involved. Our
subsidiaries and their respective key personnel have obtained all licenses
necessary for the conduct of their respective business in the jurisdictions in
which they sell and distribute gaming equipment and supplies. Suspension or
revocation of such licenses could have a material adverse effect on our
operations.
Federal Gaming
Registration
The Federal Gambling
Devices Act of 1962, or the Federal Act, makes it unlawful for a person to
manufacture, transport, or receive gaming machines, gaming devices including
roulette wheels or components across interstate lines unless that person has
first registered with the Attorney General of the U.S. Department of Justice. In
addition, the Federal Act imposes gambling device identification and record
keeping requirements. Violation of the Federal Act may result in seizure and
forfeiture of the equipment, as well as other penalties. Our subsidiaries,
which are involved in the manufacture and transportation of gaming devices, are
required to register annually.
Native American
Gaming Regulation
Gaming on Native American
lands is governed by federal law, tribal-state compacts, and tribal gaming
regulations. The Indian Gaming Regulatory Act of 1988, or the IGRA, provides
the framework for federal and state control over all gaming on Native American
lands and is administered by the National Indian Gaming Commission and the Secretary
of the U.S. Department of the Interior. The IGRA requires that a tribe and the
state in which the tribe is located enter into a written agreement, a
tribal-state compact, which governs the terms of the gaming activities. Tribal-state
compacts vary from state-to-state and in many cases require equipment
manufacturers and/or distributors to meet ongoing registration and licensing
requirements. In addition, tribal gaming commissions have been established by
many Native American tribes to regulate gaming related activity on Indian lands.
Our subsidiaries manufacture and distribute gaming supplies to Native American
tribes who have negotiated compacts with their respective states and have
received federal approval. Currently, GPI-USA is authorized to sell
products to Native American casinos in seventeen states and GPI-SAS is
authorized to sell products to Native American casinos in five states. 13 International
Gaming Regulation
Certain foreign countries
permit the importation, sale and operation of gaming supplies in casino and
non-casino environments. Certain jurisdictions require the licensing of
manufacturers and distributors of gaming supplies. We and our subsidiaries
manufacture and/or distribute gaming supplies to various international markets
including Australia, the Caribbean, Canada, and other foreign countries. We
have obtained the required licenses to manufacture and distribute our products
in the various foreign jurisdictions where we do business.
While the regulatory
requirements vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, most require licenses,
permits, findings of suitability, documentation of qualification including
evidence of financial stability and/or other required approvals for companies
who manufacture and distribute gaming equipment, as well as the individual
suitability of officers, directors, major stockholders and key employees. Under
the various gaming regulations, key personnel generally include the current
and/or proposed corporate officers and directors of a corporation and its
subsidiaries. Laws of the various gaming regulatory agencies are generally
intended to protect the public and ensure that gaming related activity is
conducted honestly, competitively, and free of corruption.
Financial
Information About Geographic Areas
See Part II-Item 8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data-Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements-Note 14 for
certain financial information by geographic area.
Available Information
Our
current website is www.gpigaming.com. There we make
available, free of charge, our Annual Report on Form 10 K, Quarterly Reports on
Form 10 Q, Current Reports on Form 8 K, and, if applicable, any amendments to
those reports filed or furnished pursuant to the Exchange Act as soon as
reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or
furnish it to, the SEC. The information found on our website is not part of
this or any other report we file or furnish to the SEC. You may also submit
written information requests by mail to:
Gaming Partners International Corporation, 1700 Industrial Road, Las
Vegas, Nevada 89102, Attn: Investor
Relations.
Item 1.A. Risk
Factors.
Throughout this Annual Report on Form10-K,
we make some forward-looking statements, which do not relate to historical or
current facts, but are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements relate to
analyses and other information based on forecasts of future results and
estimates of amounts not yet determinable that, while considered reasonable by
us, are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive
risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control and are subject
to change. The statements also relate to our future prospects and anticipate performance,
development and business strategies. These statements are identified by their
use of terms and phrases such as anticipate, believe, could, would, estimate,
expect, intend, may, plan, predict, project, pursue, will, continue, feel, or
the negative or other variations thereof, and other similar terms and phrases,
including references to assumptions.
Although we believe that the expectations reflected in
any of our forward-looking statements are reasonable, actual results could
differ materially from those expressed or implied. Our future financial
condition and results of operations, as well as any forward-looking statements,
are subject to change and to inherent known and unknown risks and uncertainties.
We do not intend, and undertake no obligation, to update our forward-looking
statements to reflect future events or circumstances. 14 We urge you to carefully
review the following discussion of the specific risks and uncertainties that
affect our business. These include, but are not limited to, the following Demand for our
products would be adversely affected by a
lack of acceptance of our RFID technology a
reduction in the growth rate of new and existing casinos and markets,
particularly in Asia delays
of scheduled openings of newly constructed or planned casinos; and
a
decline in the public acceptance of gaming.
Our intellectual
property rights are subject to risks, including development
of new proprietary technologies that could be applied by our competitors to make
our products obsolete or less desirable potential
inability to obtain, maintain and defend patents, trademarks, copyrights and
trade secrets to protect our newly developed products and technology competitors
infringement upon our existing trademarks, patents, trade secrets copyrights costs
in defending our intellectual property rights against unexpected claims approval
of competitors patent applications that may restrict our ability to compete
effectively successful
challenge of the patents underlying our exclusive license in the U.S. regarding
our RFID embedded gaming chips; and
ineffective
or lack of enforcement of patents by our licensors.
Our business is
vulnerable to changing economic conditions, including uncertainties
related to changing economic conditions including those that affect the
relative health of the gaming industry higher
than anticipated manufacturing, selling, administrative, legal and/or
distribution costs unfavorable
changes in United States or foreign state or federal taxation laws or
application of such laws that could reduce our profitability political
or economic instability in international markets; particularly those where we
have higher sales concentrations and growth changes
in interest rates causing a reduction of investment income or in the value of
market rate sensitive instruments fluctuations
in foreign exchange rates, tariffs and other trade barriers an
inability to effectively hedge our foreign currency exposures; and
consolidations
within the casino industry.
We operate in a highly regulated industry and our
ability to sell our products in certain jurisdictions could be adversely
affected by unfavorable
public referendums or anti-gaming legislation, especially in other countries unfavorable
legislation affecting or directed at manufacturers or gaming operators, such as
referendums to increase taxes on gaming revenues 15 adverse
changes in or findings of non-compliance with applicable governmental gaming
regulations delays
in approvals from regulatory agencies a
limitation, conditioning, suspension or revocation of any of our gaming
licenses; and
unfavorable
determinations or challenges of suitability by gaming regulatory authorities
with respect to our officers, directors or key employees.
Our success in the gaming industry depends in part on
our ability to develop innovative products and would be adversely affected by the
development of competing new technologies, making ours obsolete or undesirable a
decline in the popularity of our gaming products with players and casinos a
lack of success in developing or adequately servicing new products, in particular
our products with security features failure
of the casino industry to accept RFID technology with respect to gaming chips
and readers; and/or the 125 KHz or the 1356 MHz RFID technologies in
particular; and
an
increase in the popularity of competitors products.
Investors
cannot exercise control over our Company as a result of principal stockholders
ownership due to the
current executive officers and directors of our Company beneficially own
approximately 680% of our outstanding common stock as of March21, 2006. As
a result, the executive officers and directors of our Company can control the
management and affairs of our Company and all matters requiring stockholder
approval, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate
transactions this
concentration of ownership could have the effect of delaying or preventing a
change in control of our Company, even when such change of control is in the
best interests of stockholders; and
this concentration of
ownership also might adversely affect the market price of the common stock and
the voting and other rights of our Companys other stockholders.
Our outstanding
debt obligations subject us to certain additional risks, including increasing
our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions limiting
our ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital,
capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate requirements requiring
a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations for the payment of
interest on our indebtedness and reducing our ability to use our cash flows to
fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and general corporate
requirements limiting
our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in or business and the
industry; and
creating a disadvantage to
us compared to competitors with less indebtedness. 16 We are subject to
risk related to our combination with GPI-SAS, including difficulty
in moving cash between GPI-SAS and GPI-USA, primarily due to negative tax
consequences; and
volatility in our
intercompany international operations.
Our business
operations are subject to other risks, including the limited or unique
suppliers for certain key raw materials for significant products the
loss or retirement of our key executives of other key employees adverse
changes in the creditworthiness of parties with whom we have receivables issuance
of a substantial number of shares of our common stock, or the perception that
this will occur the
discovery of facts with respect to legal actions pending against us not
presently known to us or determinations by judges, juries or other finders of
fact which do not accord with our evaluation of the possible liability or outcome
of existing litigation increased
costs due to reliance on third party suppliers and contract manufacturers casualty
theft or loss of our gaming chips, prior to delivery to casinos agreements
with casinos in Native American jurisdictions which may subject us to sovereign
immunity risk natural
disasters, pandemic illnesses, travel or tourism decline risks, increased fuel
prices, other travel limitations, or acts of God that are concentrated in major
gambling locations acts
of war, potential domestic or international terrorist incidents; and
any
failures, difficulties or significant delays in implementing or maintaining our
computer information systems could result in material adverse consequences to
our business, including disruption of operations, loss of information and
unanticipated increases in costs.
In addition to the risks
above, new legislation or regulations requiring more stringent corporate
governance and financial reporting standards have led and will continue to lead
to an increase in our costs of compliance. Section404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 will require us to include an internal control
report of management in our 2007 and post-2007 Annual Reports on Form10-K.
While we intend to fully comply with these new laws and regulations, a failure
to comply may impact market perception of our financial condition and could
materially harm our business and operating results.
Item 1.
Business.
1
Item
1.A.
Risk Factors.
14
Item 1.B.
Unresolved Staff Comments.
17
Item 2.
Properties.
17
Item
3.
Legal
Proceedings.
18
Item 4. Properties.
We are based in, and operate domestically from,
company-owned facilities in Las Vegas, Nevada, and internationally from Beaune,
France. We currently assemble and manufacture our primary products at
facilities in Las Vegas, Nevada, San Luis Rio Colorado, Mexico and Beaune,
France. We also lease sales offices in Atlantic City, New Jersey and Gulfport,
Mississippi.
Las
Vegas, Nevada. Our Las Vegas headquarters are located in an
approximately 60,000 square foot building. Our Las Vegas headquarters was
purchased in September 1995 for approximately $2,000,000.  17 This facility houses the Las Vegas sales and corporate
offices, including a centralized warehouse for certain of our finished goods
inventory, several manufacturing departments, and a graphics art department. In
our Las Vegas headquarters, we also maintain a certain inventory of templates,
graphic designs, logos, and tools and dies for casino customers gaming
equipment. Maintaining such an inventory, results in time and cost savings for
product manufacturing and delivery to our customers. Our Las Vegas headquarters
secures a deed of trust issued under our outstanding term loan. In the second
quarter of 2005, we acquired an approximately one acre parcel of land adjacent
to our Las Vegas headquarters for approximately $800,000. We intend to use the
property primarily for additional employee and visitor parking. See Part
II-Item 7. Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations-Liquidity and Capital Resources.
San
Luis Rio Colorado, Mexico. We manufacture some casino chips, all
playing cards, dice, all plastic products, some layouts and some processes for
tables at two facilities in San Luis Rio Colorado, Mexico. These facilities
include a 34,000 square foot leased facility in which casino chips and dice are
manufactured, 15,000 square feet where layouts are produced and an
approximately 66,000 square foot facility used for playing cards, some woodshop
processes, and layout products production. We own the 66,000 square foot
facility. We lease our main 34,000 square foot facility pursuant to a one-year
lease, which expired on March 31, 2004. In April 2004, we extended the lease
for an additional five years at the same monthly rent amount of approximately
$035 per square foot, or $12,000, except that the amount may be prorated,
commensurate with the space we elect to use. Effective March 1, 2006, we
amended our current lease for an additional 17,500 square feet. This extension
has the same five year term at the same monthly rent amount of approximately
$035 per square feet, or $6,100. See Part II-Item 8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data-Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Notes 13 and 16.
Beaune,
France. We own an approximately 34,000 square foot
manufacturing and administrative facility, in Beaune, France. On
January9, 2004, GPI-SAS entered into a 350,000 Euro or
approximately $447,000U.S. as of January9, 2004 loan transaction,
with Banque Nationale de Paris B.N.P, a French bank, for a building
expansion, which included approximately 3,600 square feet of additional office
and production space and 1,350 square feet of storage space. This expansion was
completed in the third quarter of 2004.
On December22, 2004, we entered into a
construction contract for a 1,600 square foot additional expansion to extend
the Jeton and Plaque Production area. This extension was completed in the third
quarter of 2005. The cost was approximately $320,000, totally paid for out of
our operating funds. In February2006, we entered into a construction
contract for a 5,400 square foot additional building to be completed in the
third quarter of 2006, to receive the equipment warehouse and the showroom. We
anticipate the cost to be approximately $350,000, to be paid for out of our
operating funds.
Facility
Capacity. With its current approximate 216,000 square
feet as of December 31, 2005, of manufacturing facilities, plus the additional
space of approximately 1,600 square feet, and other anticipated expansion in
2006, resulting from the GPI SAS and GPI USAs building expansions, we believe
that we will have sufficient production capacity to meet anticipated future
demand for all of our products in the United States and abroad.
Item 1.
Business.
1
Item
1.A.
Risk Factors.
14
Item 1.B.
Unresolved Staff Comments.
17
Item 2.
Properties.
17
Item
3.
Legal
Proceedings.
18
Item 4. Submission
of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.
No matters were submitted
to a vote of our security holders during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year
ended December31, 2005. 18 PARTII
Item 5. Market
for Registrants Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities
Market Information
As of March10, 2005, the Company moved its stock
trading from the NASDAQ SmallCap Market to the NASDAQ National Market, and
continued trading under the symbol GPIC.
Prior to the name change on September1, 2004, the Companys stock
traded under the symbol PSON. The following
table sets forth the quarterly high and low closing prices of our common stock
as reported by NASDAQ during the periods indicated. All stock prices reflect a
fiscal year ending December31. On March24, 2006, the closing price
was $1422 per share. 
FiscalYear
High
Low
2004 First
Quarter
566
390
2004 Second
Quarter
440
331
2004 Third
Quarter
885
385
2004 Fourth
Quarter
2544
955
2005 First
Quarter
1956
1240
2005 Second
Quarter
1964
1336
2005 Third Quarter
2342
1499
2005 Fourth Quarter
1565
1118
Holders
There were 104 holders of record of our common
stock as of March24, 2006. We estimate that there are approximately 1,215 beneficial holders of our common
stock based on the proxies distributed in connection with the May2005
meeting of stockholders.
Dividend Policy
On November8, 2005,
the Companys Board of Directors declared a one-time cash dividend of $010 per
share paid on December15, 2005 to shareholders of record at the close of
business on November21, 2005. The cash was paid from the Companys normal
operations. This was the first time a cash dividend had ever been paid.The Board
of Directors presently does not intend to declare or pay any dividends for the
foreseeable future.
Transfer Agent
Our stock transfer agent
and registrar is American Stock Transfer Trust Co., located at 6201
15thAvenue,
Brooklyn, New York 11219, and with a phone number of 718 921-8247.
Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer
The Company made no
purchase of GPIC equity securities during the fourth quarter of 2005.
Unregistered Sales
The Company reported
certain unregistered sales of equity securities on Form8-K,
Item301, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March3,
2005. In addition, on September12, 2005, GPIC issued an aggregate of
29,500 shares of our common stock as a result of the exercise of antidilution
warrants. The antidilution warrants were granted by us on September12,
2002 to the former stockholders of GPI-SAS in connection with the combination
transaction between us and GPI-SAS. The former GPI-SAS stockholders were
granted antidilution warrants to purchase an aggregate of 459,610 shares of our 19 common
stock, which was equal to the amount of options, warrants, convertible
securities and other similar rights to purchase our common stock that were
outstanding immediately prior to the combination transaction. The purpose of
the warrants was to provide antidilution protection to the former GPI-SAS
stockholders in the event that any of such underlying options, warrants,
convertible securities or other similar rights were exercised after the closing
date of the combination transaction. The exercise price of the antidilution
warrants is $001 per share. The antidilution warrants were approved by our
stockholders on September12, 2002, and expire 30 days following the date
on which we notify the warrant holders that the last of the underlying options,
warrants, convertible securities or other similar rights have been exercised,
canceled or terminated. Of the 459,610 antidilution warrants, there were 91,500
warrants exercisable at December31, 2005, of which 21,366 warrants may be
exercised in 2006 at $001 per share.
The antidilution warrants
only become exercisable to the extent that the underlying options, warrants,
convertible securities or other similar rights are exercised or converted. From
March31, 2005 to May31, 2005, stock options to purchase an
aggregate of 29,500 shares were exercised pursuant to our Incentive Plan at
exercise prices ranging from $80625 to $875, thereby triggering the
exercisability of a corresponding number of the antidilution warrants. The
issuance of the shares underlying the stock options was registered pursuant to
registration statements on FormS-8 filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission. None of the antidilution warrants or underlying shares
have been registered, and were issued and sold in reliance upon specific
exemptions from registration, including Section42and Rule506
promulgated under Regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The
warrant holders have the right to require us to register under the federal and
state securities laws of any GPIC shares that they obtain from us, Eric Endy or
the Endy Trust, including the antidilution shares. The exercise of the antidilution
warrants and acquisition of the underlying shares were exempt under Rule16b-3
and Rule16b-6b.
Item 6. Selected
Financial Data.
The selected consolidated financial data included in
the following tables should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated
Financial Statements and related notes, and Managements Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations appearing elsewhere
herein. The selected consolidated financial data for the years ended December31,
2005, 2004, and 2003 and as of December31, 2005 and 2004, have been
derived from our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere
herein. The selected consolidated financial data for the years ended December31,
2002 and 2001, and as of December31, 2003, 2002 and 2001, have been
derived from our audited consolidated financial statements not included herein.
A Combination Agreement was executed on September12,
2002, combining GPIC formerly known as Paul-Son Gaming Corporation with
GPI-SAS formerly known as Etablissements Bourgogne et Grasset S.A. At
the closing, the businesses of GPIC, GPIC-SAS and GPI-SAS then
wholly-owned subsidiary, the Bud Jones Company,Inc., or Bud Jones, were
combined, with GPI-SAS and Bud Jones becoming wholly-owned subsidiaries
of GPIC, or the Combination. The Combination was accounted for as a purchase
transaction for financial accounting purposes. Because the former GPI-SAS
stockholders owned a majority of the outstanding GPIC common stock as a result
of the Combination, the Combination was accounted for as a reverse acquisition
in which GPI-SAS was the purchaser of GPIC. On December31, 2002, Bud Jones merged
into GPI-USA, which was a wholly-owned subsidiary of GPIC and GPI-USA
was the surviving entity. Bud Jones was a gaming supply manufacturing company,
which was also headquartered in Las Vegas. Both former operations GPI-USA
and Bud Jones were consolidated into one facility at the Companys
headquarters in Las Vegas, Nevada with the new name of GPI-USA. See PartII-Item8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data-Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements-Note1. 20 The table below reflects historical information for
the year ended December31, 2001 for GPI-SAS and for the former Bud
Jones Company for the entire year, the chip manufacturing business of Trend
Plastics,Inc. from August2001 and T-K Specialty Company,Inc.
from September2001. The year ended December31, 2002 includes
historical information for GPI-SAS, the former Bud Jones Company, Trend
Plastics, T-K Specialty Company,Inc. for the entire year and the
former Paul-Son Gaming Corporation and its subsidiaries from September12,
2002. The years ended December31, 2003 to 2005 include historical
information for all entities described above, for the full years.  
YearsEndedDecember31,
2005
2004
2003
2002
2001
Operations statement data:
Revenues
$
57,121
$
44,585
$
36,171
$
21,861
$
23,089
Cost of revenues
34,140
27,249
22,387
14,770
15,849
Gross profit
22,981
17,336
13,784
7,091
7,240
Selling, general
and administrative expenses
17,142
13,260
12,042
7,607
5,698
Restructuring and
costs associated with Combination
622
Operating income
loss
5,839
4,076
1,742
1,138
1,542
Gain loss on
foreign currency transactions
133
155
292
529
225
Interest expense
199
253
264
232
170
Other income
311
98
148
128
124
Total other
income expense
245
310
408
633
179
Income loss
before income tax expense
6,084
3,766
1,334
1,771
1,721
Income tax
expense
1,756
1,152
101
383
737
Net income loss
$
4,328
$
2,614
$
1,233
$
2,154
$
984
Earnings loss per
share:
Basic
$
055
$
034
$
016
$
042
$
024
Diluted
$
053
$
034
$
016
$
042
$
024
Weighted-average shares
of common stock outstanding:
Basic
7,829
7,608
7,595
5,131
4,054
Diluted
8,179
7,754
7,672
5,131
4,054
December31,
2005
2004
2003
2002
2001
inthousands
Balance sheet data:1
Cash and cash
equivalents
$
4,573
$
8,012
$
4,186
$
2,333
$
4,254
Marketable
securities
9,075
4,971
2,580
1,329
943
Working capital
9,563
12,230
7,327
6,240
3,919
Property and
equipment, net
11,212
9,469
8,658
9,500
4,485
Total assets
48,716
39,225
28,596
28,157
21,425
Current
liabilities
20,825
13,960
9,219
8,672
8,772
Long-term debt,
less current maturities
1,892
2,856
1,563
3,576
2,333
Stockholders equity
25,999
21,620
17,814
15,478
10,204
1 Cash dividends paid were
approximately $787,000 for the period ended December31, 2005 and $0 for
all other periods. 21 Item 7. Managements
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
Recent Developments
On December22, 2004, we entered into a
construction contract for a 1,600 square foot additional expansion to extend
the Jeton and Plaque Production area. This extension was completed in the third
quarter of 2005. The cost was approximately $320,000, totally paid for out of
our operating funds. In February2006, we entered into a construction
contract for a 5,400 square foot additional building to be completed in the
third quarter of 2006, to receive the equipment warehouse and the showroom. We
anticipate the cost to be approximately $350,000, to be paid for out of our
operating funds.
In January2006,
Progressive Gaming International Corporation, a provider of diversified gaming products
and services, granted GPIC the exclusive rights in the U.S. and non-exclusive
rights outside the U.S. to manufacture gaming chips with the 1356 MHz RFID
technology. GPIC can now successfully embed the faster 1356 MHz RFID microchip
in each and every one of its popular brands of gaming chips. We can now offer casinos
all of our gaming chips, plaques and jetons with either this proprietary
embedded high frequency 1356 MHz RFID microchip or our well known 125 KHz RFID
microchips and readers, which technology we will support and continue developing
in the future years for the casinos particularly interested in
Casino-Currency-Control.
Overview
Gaming Partners International Corporation, a Nevada
corporation GPIC and each of its subsidiaries are sometimes collectively
referred to herein as the Company, us, we, or our. The following discussion is intended to
assist in the understanding of our results of operations and our present
financial condition. The consolidated financial statements and the accompanying
notes contain additional detailed information that should be referred to when
reviewing this material. Statements in this discussion may be forward-looking. Such
forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause
actual results to differ significantly from those expressed. See Item 1A, Risk
Factors.
A Combination Agreement was executed on September12,
2002, combining GPIC formerly known as Paul-Son Gaming Corporation with
GPI-SAS formerly known as Etablissements Bourgogne et Grasset S.A. At
the closing, the businesses of GPIC, GPIC-SAS and GPI-SAS then
wholly-owned subsidiary, the Bud Jones Company,Inc., or Bud Jones, were
combined, with GPI-SAS and Bud Jones becoming wholly-owned subsidiaries
of GPIC, or the Combination. The Combination was accounted for as a purchase
transaction for financial accounting purposes. Because the former GPI-SAS
stockholders owned a majority of the outstanding GPIC common stock as a result
of the Combination, the Combination was accounted for as a reverse acquisition
in which GPI-SAS is the purchaser of GPIC. On December31, 2002, Bud
Jones merged into GPI-USA, which was a wholly-owned subsidiary of GPIC
and GPI-USA was the surviving entity. Bud Jones was a gaming supply
manufacturing company, which was also headquartered in Las Vegas. Both former
operations GPI-USA and Bud Jones have been consolidated into one
facility at the Companys headquarters in Las Vegas, Nevada with the new name
of GPI-USA. See PartII-Item8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary DataNotes to Consolidated Financial Statements-Note1.
Our business activities include the manufacture and/or
supply of gaming equipment and supplies such as gaming chips, table layouts,
playing cards, dice, gaming furniture, table accessories and other products
that are used with casino table games such as blackjack, poker, baccarat, craps
and roulette. We generally sell our casino products to licensed casinos for new
openings and to existing casino operations, worldwide. We are headquartered in
Las Vegas, Nevada, with offices in Beaune, France, San Luis Rio Colorado,
Mexico, Atlantic City, New Jersey and Gulfport, Mississippi.
On March 3, 2005, we received approval from NASDAQ to
transfer the listing for our common stock from the NASDAQ SmallCap Market to
the NASDAQ National Market. We elected to transfer our  22 listing because we believe
that listing on the NASDAQ National Market will provide increased visibility
for the Company and liquidity for our common stock. Our common stock began
trading on the NASDAQ National Market effective March 10, 2005, under the same
ticker symbol, GPIC.
Our products on display at the 2006 and 2005 Global Gaming
Expo in Las Vegas, Nevada and the 2006 and 2005 ICE show in London, England
included our gaming chips with embedded RFID technology and corresponding chip
readers. We have been working for several years to apply the RFID technologies
to gaming chips. RFID microchips are available for each brand and type of our
gaming chips. We hold several patents concerning the embedding process of RFID
microchips and an exclusive license for the use of these RFID chips in gaming
chips in the United States. We also sell several types of related gaming chip
readers that can be used by the casinos at the cages, vaults, tables, or by the
pit bosses. Our gaming chips with embedded RFID microchips and readers help to
protect the casinos from redeeming at face value, counterfeit or stolen chips
and to improve the efficiency of table game management.
The following are
the most important factors and trends that contribute to our operating
performance A
number of foreign countries are currently considering legislation to legalize
or expand gaming. Such legislation presents potential opportunities to sell our
gaming supplies to new properties and thus increase revenue. The timing and
occurrence of these events remain uncertain. Therefore, we may experience
quarters that are more profitable than others due to the timing and nature of
new casino openings and expansions throughout the world. There has also been
accelerated expansion of U.S. based gaming companies overseas. Of particular
importance has been the opening of new and existing casinos in Macao in 2005
and the anticipated openings in 2006. Macao is controlled by the Peoples
Republic of China. Any material adverse change in the gaming regulatory
structure or any reductions in the growth rate of new and existing casinos in Macao
may have a material adverse effect on our businesses and results of operation.
The
receipt of higher volume orders enhances our profit margins through production
efficiencies. The timing and occurrence of these orders remain uncertain and
difficult to predict. Therefore, we may experience quarters that are more
profitable than others due to the timing and volume of product demand.
The level of desire or
acceptance, or lack thereof, for our product innovations regarding our security
features and various degrees of desire for increased efficiency of table
management information systems by the casino industry are important factors to
our Company. In particular, the increased acceptance of RFID gaming chips for
accounting, security, tracking, and wager recognition in table games may be a
significant trend, impacting our business. 23 Results of Operations
The following table summarizes selected items from the
Companys Consolidated Statements of Income as a percentage of revenues for the
periods indicated 
YearsEndedDecember31,
2005
2004
2003
Revenues
1000
%
1000
%
1000
%
Cost of revenues 
598
%
611
%
619
%
Gross profit
402
%
389
%
381
%
Selling, general and
administrative expenses
300
%
298
%
333
%
Operating income
102
%
91
%
48
%
Gain loss on foreign
currency transactions
02
%
03
%
08
%
Interest expense
03
%
05
%
07
%
Other income, net
06
%
02
%
04
%
Income tax
expense
31
%
26
%
03
%
Net income
76
%
59
%
34
%
The following table details the Companys historical
revenues by product line 
YearsEndedDecember31,
2005
2004
2003
inthousands
Revenues:
Casino chips
$
37,959
$
26,566
$
18,200
Table layouts
4,949
4,516
4,270
Playing cards
3,906
4,440
4,472
Gaming furniture
2,576
1,843
1,785
Dice
2,711
2,669
2,701
Table accessories and other products
5,020
4,551
4,743
Total
$
57,121
$
44,585
$
36,171
Comparison
of Operations for the Years Ended December31, 2005 and 2004
Revenues. For
the year ended December31, 2005, revenues were approximately $571
million, an increase of approximately $125 million, versus revenues of
approximately $446 million for the year ended December31, 2004. The
increase in revenues for 2005 was principally the result of GPI-SAS
sales to new casinos in Asia of approximately $80 million. Sales by GPI-USA
amounted to $310 million for the year 2005, an increase of approximately $50
million, primarily as a result of sales revenues to a new casino opening in Las
Vegas of approximately $18 million, sales revenue to a wholesaler totaling
$10 million and large reorders of approximately $22 million.
Cost
of Revenues. Cost of revenues, as a percentage
of sales decreased to 598% for 2005, compared to 611% for 2004. The decrease
in cost of revenues as a percentage of sales occurred principally due to the
better absorption of fixed costs due to the higher sales volume, and the
increased efficiency achieved by the realignment and restructuring of our
production facilities.
Gross
Profit. Gross profit for the year ended December31,
2005 increased in absolute dollars by approximately $56 million from 2004. This
occurred as a result of the aforementioned increase in revenues of
approximately $125 million and the decrease in cost of revenues as a
percentage of sales. 24  
OperatingExpenses
2005
Revenue%
2004
Revenue%
Product
development
$
330
06
%
$
259
06
%
Marketing and
sales
4,284
75
%
3,768
85
%
Depreciation and
amortization
1,292
23
%
1,158
26
%
General and
administrative
11,236
196
%
8,075
181
%
Total operating
expenses
$
17,142
300
%
$
13,260
298
%
Operating Expenses. Operating
expenses, which include product development; marketing and sales; depreciation
and amortization; and general and administrative costs, increased to
approximately $171 million for the year ended December31, 2005 from
approximately $133 million for the year ended December31, 2004. This
increase of approximately $38 million was primarily attributable to an
increase in general and administrative expenses of $31 million. The increase
in general and administrative expenses was primarily the result of one-time
expenses of approximately $27 million; consisting of stock compensation
expense of $778,000, due to 100,000 shares of performance-based options which
vested in fourth quarter of 2005; $122,000 in NASDAQ National Market listing
expenses; $344,000 in building repairs in our Las Vegas, Mexico and France
facilities; $346,000 in salary adjustments and reorganization costs; and $352,000
in information technology. Additionally, we incurred expenses of approximately
$525,000, which were related to work performed towards future compliance with
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and $48,000 related to new patent acquisition
costs. We also incurred costs of $241,000 related to the Hurricane Katrina and
Rita disasters, of which $191,000 was related to the increase in the bad debt
reserve on receivables due from casinos and $50,000 was related to donations.
Additionally, product development and marketing and sales expenses increased
approximately $587,000. The increases were mainly due to costs associated with
sales commissions of $160,000 related to the increase in sales, the cost of
reorganization of personnel in France of approximately $353,000, and the cost
of remolding the G2E Convention booth of $74,000. 
OtherIncomeExpense,
excludingInterestExpense
2005
Revenue%
2004
Revenue%
Gain loss on
foreign currency transactions
$
133
02
%
$
155
03
%
Gain on sale of
marketable securities
102
02
%
55
01
%
Other income, net
209
04
%
43
01
%
Total other income
expense, excluding interest expense
$
444
08
%
$
57
01
%
Other Income Expense,
excluding Interest Expense. During the year
ended December31, 2005, other income expense, including gain loss on
foreign currency transactions, interest income, gains on sales of marketable
securities, and other income expense increased to approximately $444,000 in
income from approximately $57,000 in expense during the year ended December31,
2004. This increase of approximately $501,000 was principally the result of the
change in foreign currency exchange rates, resulting in a loss of $155,000 in
2004 and a gain of $133,000 in 2005. Foreign currency transaction gains
occurred as a result of an increase in the U.S. dollar to Euro exchange rates
during 2005. Gain on the sale of marketable securities increased by $47,000
between the periods. Other income expense showed an increase in income of
$166,000 primarily due to the interest income earned on a higher balance of
marketable securities in 2005.
Interest Expense. For
the year ended December31, 2005, interest expense decreased to
approximately $199,000 from approximately $253,000 for the year ended December31,
2004. This decrease of approximately $54,000 was primarily caused by a decrease
in the average outstanding debt amounts in 2005 as compared to 2004, due to
normal payments. 25 Income Taxes. During
the year ended December31, 2005, we recorded an income tax expense of
approximately $18 million as compared to a tax expense of approximately $12
million for the year ended December31, 2004. The increase in income tax
expense for the year ended December31, 2005 was primarily a result of the
Companys higher foreign income. The Companys effective tax rate for the year
ended December31, 2005 differed from the statutory rate as a result of a
change in the valuation allowance to reflect the expected utilization of
federal net operating loss carryforwards, the Companys repatriation of
non-cash dividend from GPI-SAS, and book-to-return adjustments primarily
resulting from a refinement of the Companys previous estimate of deemed
dividends under IRC Sec 956. It is likely that in the future the Company will
distribute additional non-cash dividends from GPI-SAS to GPI-USA. If
such dividends occur, it is likely that the Companys net operating losses will
be diminished, and that the Company will generate excess foreign tax credits,
which will carry forward for 10 years. The utilization of the foreign tax
credits will depend upon whether the Company generates foreign source income
prospectively.
Comparison
of Operations for the Years Ended December31, 2004 and 2003
Revenues. For the year ended December 31, 2004,
revenues were approximately $446 million, an increase of approximately $84
million, versus revenues of approximately $362 million for the year ended
December 31, 2003. This increase in revenues for 2004 was principally the
result of GPI SAS sales to new casinos in Asia in the second and the fourth
quarters of 2004. In the fourth quarter of 2004, GPI SAS had an increase in
sales of approximately $40 million compared to the same period in 2003. This
increase was due mainly to sales to new and existing casinos opening in Macao.
In the second quarter of 2004, GPI SAS had an increase in sales of $47 million
compared to the same period in 2003. This increase was due to sales in Myanmar,
the Philippines and Canada for $23 million, $17 million and $700,000,
respectively. In the second quarter of 2004, the U.S. operations had a sale to
a casino in Canada for approximately $10 million. These second and fourth
quarter increases in revenue, were partially offset by decreased revenues in
the first quarter of 2004 due to the timing and demand variability for casino
openings and expansion. For the year ended December 31, 2003, revenues included
approximately $12 million in sales for a large U.S. casino opening in the
second quarter of 2003, and sales to an Asian casino for approximately $19
million during the second quarter of 2003 and $18 million during the fourth
quarter of 2003.
Cost of Revenues. Cost of revenues, as a percentage of
sales, decreased to 611% for 2004, compared to 619% during 2003. The decrease
in cost of revenues as a percentage of sales occurred principally due to the
better absorption of fixed costs due to the higher sales volume, and the
product mix at GPI SAS, which had a higher percentage of the European gaming
chip production in the 2004 year, compared to 2003.
Gross Profit. Gross
profit for the year ended December 31, 2004 increased in absolute dollars by
approximately $36 million from 2003. This occurred as a result of the
aforementioned increase in revenues of approximately $84 million and the
decrease in cost of revenues as a percentage of sales. 
OperatingExpenses
2004
Revenue%
2003
Revenue%
Product
development
$
259
06
%
$
154
04
%
Marketing and
sales
3,768
85
%
3,168
88
%
Depreciation and
amortization
1,158
26
%
1,460
40
%
General and
administrative
8,075
181
%
7,260
201
%
Total operating
expenses
$
13,260
298
%
$
12,042
333
%
Operating Expenses. Operating
expenses, which include product development; marketing and sales; depreciation
and amortization; and general and administrative costs, increased approximately
to $133million during the year ended December31, 2004 from
approximately $120 million during the year ended December31, 2003. This
increase was primarily attributable to an increase in product development  26 and marketing and
sales expense of approximately $705,000 due to costs associated with the name
change and new catalogs and advertising, Enpat and Shuffle Master royalties,
CIAS fees, sales commissions and bonuses. As a result of the relocation of the
Kansas chip manufacturing operations to Las Vegas, $341,000 in expenses were
incurred in the second and third quarters of 2004. Our legal and regulatory
license fees for the years ended December31, 2004 and 2003 amounted to
$456,000 and $264,000, respectively; primarily due to increases in legal
expenses due to the name change and issues associated with public reporting. 
OtherIncomeExpense,
excludingInterestExpense
2004
Revenue%
2003
Revenue%
Loss on foreign
currency transactions
$
155
03
%
$
292
08
%
Gain on sale of
marketable securities
55
01
%
98
03
%
Other income, net
43
01
%
50
01
%
Total other
expense, excluding interest expense
$
57
01
%
$
144
04
%
Other Income Expense,
excluding Interest Expense. During the year
ended December31, 2004, other income expense, including losses on
foreign currency transactions, interest income, gains on sales of marketable
securities, and other income expense decreased to approximately $57,000 in
expense from approximately $144,000 in expense during the year ended December31,
2003. This decrease of approximately $87,000 was principally the result of a
decrease in foreign currency exchange losses from $292,000 in 2003 compared to
$155,000 in 2004. The variation in foreign currency transactions occurred as a
result of an increase in the Euro and the sales activity in foreign currencies
between the quarterly periods. This was partially offset by a decrease in both
other income and gain on sale of marketable securities.
Interest Expense. For the year ended December 31, 2004,
interest expense decreased to approximately $253,000 from approximately
$264,000 for the year ended December 31, 2003. This decrease of approximately
$11,000 was primarily caused by a slight decrease in the average outstanding
debt amounts in 2004 as compared to 2003, due to normal payments.
Income Taxes. During the year ended December 31, 2004, we
recorded an income tax expense of approximately $1,152,000 as compared to a tax
expense of approximately $101,000 for the year ended December 31, 2003. The
increase in income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2004 is
primarily a result of the Companys higher foreign income. It is likely that in
the future the Company will dividend amounts from GPI-SAS, to GPI-USA. If such
dividends occur, it is likely that the Companys net operating losses will be
diminished, and that the Company will generate excess foreign tax credits,
which will carry forward 10 years. The utilization of the foreign tax credits
will depend upon whether the Company generates foreign source income
prospectively.
Liquidity
and Capital Resources
Overview. We believe that the combination of cash
flow from operations and cash on hand should be sufficient to fund expenses
from routine operations on a short-term basis. As of December 31, 2005, we had
approximately $46 million in cash and cash equivalents and $91 million in
marketable securities. For the longer term, in addition to these cash sources,
management will evaluate other cash source alternatives, including other
lending facilities in the U.S. or abroad. Due to negative tax consequences,
there may be difficulty in moving cash between France and the U.S. There can be
no assurance that the other cash sources will be available to us on terms and
conditions acceptable to us.
Working Capital and Cash
Flow See Consolidated Balance Sheet. Working
capital totaled approximately $96 million at December31, 2005, compared
to approximately $122 million in working capital at December31, 2004. Working
capital decreased by approximately $26 million in 2005 primarily due to an increase
in current assets of $42 million, offset by an increase in current liabilities
of $68  27 million. Overall,
cash decreased by approximately $34 million from December31, 2004 to December31,
2005.
The increase in current
assets in 2005 was due primarily to an increase in the net purchase of
marketable securities of $41 million, an increase in inventory of
approximately $25 million and an increase in accounts receivable of $11
million.
The increase in current
liabilities in 2005 was due primarily to an increase in customer deposits of
approximately $70 million, as a result of our increased sales and backlog; an
increase of approximately $10 million in accrued expenses primarily due to an
increase in accrued wages and vacation expenses for increased personnel in
France; and an increase of approximately $11 million of deferred income tax
liability, primarily related to U.S. income taxes.
Net Cash Flow See
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow. Net cash flow provided by operating
activities was approximately $90 million during 2005 compared to $82 million
during 2004. In 2005, the primary operational sources of cash were related to
net income before depreciation and amortization, and the increase in customer
deposits of $77 million; partially offset by increased inventory purchases and
deferred income taxes. In 2004, the primary operational sources of cash were
also related to net income, and the increase in customer deposits of $19 million;
partially offset by increased inventory purchases.
Our investing activities
resulted in net cash used of approximately $106 million for 2005, compared to
approximately $51 million in net cash used in investing activities for 2004.
During 2005, we used net cash of $49 million to purchase marketable securities
as compared to net cash used to purchase marketable securities in 2004 of $19
million. In addition, we used cash of approximately $38 million to purchase
property and equipment to facilitate increased production.
Net cash flow used in
financing activities for the year ended December31, 2005 of $11 million
related to the repayment of long-term debt of $10 million compared to the
repayment of long-term debt of $794,000 in 2004; additionally, for the first
time, we paid a cash dividend of approximately $787,000 in the fourth quarter
of 2005; partially offset by proceeds from stock options exercised of
approximately $700,000. In 2005, our employees and directors exercised 169,366
options, including warrants, at an average exercise price of $413 per share
but excluding the non-cash vesting of the 100,000 stock options to the CEO.
Overall, our cash balance decreased from December31, 2004 to December31,
2005 by approximately $34 million.
Long-Term
Debt See Consolidated Balance Sheet. In February2001,
GPI-SAS borrowed approximately $22million from an unaffiliated
party. Principal and interest payments are due quarterly in the original
approximate amount of $116,000 until February2008, varying with the
fluctuation in the Euro to U.S. Dollar rate. Interest accrues at the fixed rate
of 51% per annum. The loan is guaranteed by our majority stockholder, Holding
Wilson, S.A. Under the terms of the GPI-SAS loan agreement, GPI-SAS
must comply with certain financial covenants that are calculated annually based
on the financial statements of GPI-SAS. Specifically, GPI-SAS
ratio of total loans and similar debt inclusive of capital lease obligations
to operating cash flow defined under French GAAP as operating income before
depreciation and provisions must not exceed 17, and the ratio of total loans
and similar debt inclusive of capital lease obligations to stockholders
equity must not exceed 05. GPI-SAS actual ratio of total loans and
similar debt inclusive of capital lease obligations to operating cash flow
and ratio of total loans and similar debt inclusive of capital lease
obligations to stockholders equity were 025 and 012, respectively, as of
December 31, 2005. 28 In March2002, GPI-USA entered into a
$995,000 loan transaction secured by a Deed of Trust on its Las Vegas building,
which matures on March1, 2012, at an interest rate equal to the greater
of i8% per annum, or ii3625 basis points over the average of
the London Interbank Offered Rates for six-month dollar deposits in the London
market based on quotations of major banks, or LIBOR, but may not exceed 12% per
annum. This loan is payable in arrears in equal monthly installments through
and including March1, 2012, at which time the entire remaining principal
balance of approximately $874,000 will be due and payable. As of
December31, 2005, there was no prepayment penalty.
On January9,
2004, GPI-SAS entered into a 350,000 Euro approximately $447,000U.S.
at the January9, 2004 exchange rate loan transaction, with Banque
Nationale de Paris B.N.P., a French bank, for the purposes of building
expansion in France. The general terms of this loan are as follows Interest Rate. 36%, fixed per annum.
Maturity Date. The maturity date is
January2010.
Security. The loan is secured by a mortgage on the building premises.
Monthly Payment. 4,720 Euros; no balloon payment.
Seasonality. We do
not typically experience seasonality relative to our revenues, except,
potentially, for the third quarter of each year, when the French location
office and manufacturing facility is closed for a substantial part of the
month of August, due to holiday.
Las
Vegas, Nevada Facilities. In May 1997, we purchased our current
corporate headquarters, an approximately 60,000 square foot building located in
Las Vegas. The Las Vegas headquarters secures the $995,000 loan pursuant to the
Deed of Trust. See Long-Term Debt above. In connection with the Combination,
the former Bud Jones relocated its operations to the Las Vegas headquarters
during the fourth quarter of 2002.
San Luis Rio Colorado, Mexico Facilities. We
lease a 34,000 square foot facility pursuant to a one-year lease, which expired
on March31, 2004. In April2004 and March 2006, we extended the
lease for an additional five years at the same monthly rent amount of
approximately $035 per square foot, or $12,000 and $61,000, respectively,
except that the rent amount may be prorated, commensurate with the space that
we elected to use. We also own an approximately 66,000 square foot facility
used for the manufacture of playing cards, tables, and layouts products that is
adjacent to the leased building. See PartII-Item 8. Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data-Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements-Note13.
Beaune,
France Facilities. We
own an approximately 34,000 square foot manufacturing and administrative
facility in Beaune, France. In January9, 2004, GPI-SAS entered into
a 350,000 Euro or approximately $447,000U.S. as of January9, 2004
loan agreement, with Banque Nationale de Paris B.N.P, a French bank, for
building expansion. See Secured Debt above. On December22, 2004, we
entered into a construction contract for a 1,600 square foot additional
expansion to be completed in the second quarter of 2005, to extend the jeton
and plaque production area. We anticipate the cost to be approximately
$174,000, which will be paid for out of our operating funds. Additional
expansion is planned for other production operations in 2005, but has not yet
been finalized.
Capital Expenditures. We
currently plan to purchase approximately between $30 to $40 million in
capital equipment and improvements in 2006.
Contractual
Obligations and Commercial Commitments
The following table presents contractual obligations
and commercial commitments as of December31, 2005. 29 The
impact that our contractual obligations are anticipated to have on our liquidity
and cash flow in future periods is reflected in the table below. We have no
other significant contractual obligations or commercial commitments either on
or off balance sheet as of December31, 2005. Operating leases on a
month-to-month basis are not included in the table below. See PartII-Item8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data-Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements-Note9.  
PaymentsDuebyPeriod
inthousands
ContractualObligations
Total
LessThan
1Year
2-3Years
4-5Years
Beyond
Long-term debt1
$
2,419
$
571
$
786
$
159
$
903
Capital lease
obligations
189
145
44
Purchase and
other commitment obligations2
5,744
4,141
728
250
625
Interest
617
135
262
150
70
Operating leases
1,014
308
561
145
Total Contractual Cash
Obligations
$
9,983
$
5,300
$
2,381
$
704
$
1,598
1 The total represents the
expected cash payments of our long-term debt, including the current portion of
the long-term debt, but excluding any fair value adjustments.
2 Amounts
represent purchase obligations, agreements to purchase goods or services,
obligations that relate to an intellectual property agreement, and employment
agreements that are enforceable and legally binding on us and that specify all
significant terms, but excluding any agreements that are cancelable without
penalty.
Related Party Transactions
Ron-Lyn Enterprises, a company co-owned by Ron Coiro,
former East Coast Sales Manager of GPI-USA, provided miscellaneous table
game plastic accessories to GPI-USA, including dealing shoes, money
paddles and discard holders. Since December31, 2004, we have not
purchased any products from Ron-Lyn Enterprises. For the fiscal years ended December31,
2005, 2004, and 2003, GPI-USA paid Mr.Coiro, through Ron-Lyn
Enterprises, approximately $0, $186,000 and $113,300, respectively.
We lease our main 34,000 square foot manufacturing
facility located in San Luis Rio Colorado, Mexico from an entity controlled by
the family of Frank Moreno, General Manager of GPI-Mexico. The current
lease was extended in April2004, for an additional five years at the same
monthly rent amount of approximately $035 per square foot, or $12,000. If we
elect, at our discretion, to use more or less square footage, our rent will be
increased or decreased accordingly. We also own an approximately 66,000 square
foot facility used for the manufacture of playing cards, tables, and layouts
products that is adjacent to the leased building. On March1, 2006, we
amended our current lease for an additional 17,500 square feet. This extension
has the same five year term at the same monthly rent amount of approximately
$035 per square feet, or $6,100. See PartII-Item 8. Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data-Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements-Note13.
Neither Mr.Coiro nor
Mr.Moreno is a director or executive officer. The charter of the Board of
Directors requires the Audit Committee to review related party transactions
involving our directors and executive officers.
Critical Accounting Estimates
Our consolidated financial
statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. Certain of our accounting estimates,
including revenue recognition, accounting for stock-based compensation, the
depreciable lives of our assets, the  30 recoverability
of deferred tax assets, the allowance for doubtful accounts receivable,
write-downs of obsolete, excess or slow moving inventories, and the estimated
cash flows in assessing the recoverability of long-lived assets, require that
we apply significant subjective judgment in defining the appropriate
assumptions for calculating financial estimates. By their nature, these
judgments are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. Our judgments are
based on our historical experience, terms of existing contracts, our observance
of industry trends, information provided by or gathered from our customers and
information available from other outside sources, as appropriate. There can be
no assurance that actual results will not differ from our estimates. The
estimates discussed below are considered by management to be those in which our
estimates and judgments have a significant impact on issues that are inherently
uncertain. To provide a further understanding of the methodology we apply, our
significant accounting estimates are discussed where appropriate in this
discussion and analysis and in the notes to our consolidated financial
statements.
Revenue Recognition
Revenue may be recognized under different methods,
depending on the circumstances. In general, we recognize revenue when the
following criteria are met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement between our
customer and us exists, shipment has occurred or services have been rendered,
the sales price is fixed or determinable, and collectibility is reasonably
assured.
Generally, this means we recognize revenue when our
products are shipped to our customers and title to the products and risk of
loss are transferred according to the shipping terms, at which time, the
products are deemed delivered. We typically sell our products with payment
terms of net 30 days or less and generally require a 50% down payment.
We offer a limited standard
warranty on some of our products, primarily in France. Warranty reserves are
provided under the accrual basis and are based on estimates of future costs
associated with fulfilling the warranty obligation. The estimates are derived
from historical cost experience.
Property and
Equipment
We have significant
capital invested in our property and equipment, which represented approximately
24% of our total assets for both years ended 2005 and 2004. Judgments are made
in determining the estimated useful lives of assets, salvage value to be
assigned to the assets and if or when an asset has been impaired. These
estimates and the accuracy thereof affect the amount of depreciation expense
recognized in the financial results and whether we have a gain or a loss on the
disposal of the asset. We assign lives to our assets based on our standard
policy, which is established by management as representative of the useful life
of each category of asset. The carrying value of property and equipment is
reviewed whenever events and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of
an asset may not be recoverable from the estimated future cash flows expected
to result from its use and eventual disposition. The factors considered by
management in performing this assessment include: current operating results,
trends and prospects, historical data, useful life changes, as well as the
effect of obsolescence, market price changes, demand, competition and other
economic factors. Our estimates have been within our expectations and the life
and depreciation amounts established. However, a change in our estimates may
result in an adjustment to our depreciation expense or to the gain or loss
realized on the disposal of an assets, which could have a material adverse
effect on our consolidated results of operations.
Goodwill and Other
Intangible Assets
Effective November1, 2002, in connection with
the implementation of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards SFAS No142,
Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, goodwill and trademarks with indefinite
useful lives are not amortized. We review goodwill and all intangibles with
indefinite lives  31 for impairment, annually
as of December31, and whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable in
accordance with SFAS No142. We completed the annual goodwill impairment
test in 2005, and as a result of this test, no impairment of goodwill was
deemed necessary. Management made its judgment about the fair value of our
goodwill with assistance from an independent accountant and reviewed by an
appraiser.
Other intangible assets such as patents, non-compete
agreements and others with definite lives are amortized using the straight-line
method, over their economic useful lives, ranging from three to fourteen years.
We evaluate these intangible assets with definite lives for potential
impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying
value may not be recoverable.
We would record an
impairment loss if the carrying amount of the intangible asset is not
recoverable and the carrying amount exceeds the estimated fair value. Factors
that we consider important that could trigger an impairment review or
adjustment, that may cause it to not be recoverable include the following a
significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate
an
adverse action or assessment by a regulator
unanticipated
competition
negative
historical experience
a
negative change in the estimate of the useful lives of products
technological
obsolescence potential
a
negative estimate of the commercial viability of our patents and licenses
the
loss of key personnel
a
significant change in the manner of our use of our acquired assets or the
strategy for our business operations
a
significant decrease in the market price of an asset
a
current period operating or cash flow loss, combined with a history of
operating or cash flow losses or a projection or forecast that demonstrates
reduced profitability associated with the use of an asset
a
current belief or expectation that, more likely than not, an asset will be sold
or otherwise disposed of significantly before the end of its previously
estimated useful life
All of these assessments
require management judgment. Any changes in the key assumptions about the
business and its prospects, or changes in the market conditions or other
external conditions, could result in an impairment charge and such charge could
have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations.
Deferred Taxes
We record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred
tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. We have
considered estimated future taxable income and ongoing tax planning strategies
in assessing the amount needed for the valuation allowance. In assessing the
need for a valuation allowance, we look to the future reversal of existing
taxable temporary differences, taxable income in prior carryback years, the
feasibility of tax planning strategies and estimated future taxable income. The
valuation allowance can be affected by changes to tax laws, both foreign and
domestic, changes to statutory tax rates and changes to future taxable income
estimates. 32 The amount of income taxes we pay is subject to ongoing
audits by federal, state and foreign tax authorities, which may result in
proposed assessments. Our estimate for the potential outcome for any uncertain
tax issue is highly subjective and judgmental. We believe we have adequately
provided for any reasonably foreseeable outcome related to these matters. However,
our future results may include favorable or unfavorable adjustments to our
estimated tax liabilities due to closure of income tax examinations, new
regulatory or judicial pronouncements, or other relevant events. As a result,
our effective tax rate may fluctuate significantly on a quarterly basis.
If actual results differ
unfavorably from those estimates used, we may not be able to realize all or
part of our net deferred tax assets and additional valuation allowances may be
required. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary
differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and
liabilities, applying enacted tax rates expected to be in effect for the year in
which the differences are expected to reverse. We periodically assess the
likelihood that we will be able to recover our deferred tax assets and reflect
any changes in our estimates in the valuation allowance, with a corresponding
adjustment to earnings or equity, as appropriate.
Bad Debt Reserves
We recognize an allowance
for doubtful accounts bad debt reserves to ensure trade receivables are not
overstated due to uncollectibility. This allowance is maintained for all
customers, and reviewed on an ongoing basis, based on a variety of factors,
including the length of time the receivables are past due, economic conditions
and trends, significant one-time events and historical experience. Various
percentages are applied to the aged receivables. Additional amounts are
recorded to the allowance based on our awareness of a particular customers
ability to meet its financial obligations. As with many estimates, management
must make judgments about potential actions by third parties in establishing
and evaluating our reserves for bad debts. Our estimates have been within our
expectations and the provisions established. However, a change in the financial
condition of specific customers or in overall trends experienced may result in
future adjustments to our bad debt reserves.
Inventory
We evaluate our inventory
for slow-moving, excess, and obsolete inventory that may not be saleable or
recoverable. Analysis of inventory levels, market conditions and future sales
forecasts are some of the methodologies for estimating the inventory
write-downs. Historical inventory usage activity, industry trends, and scrap
rates are considered in determining the level of reserves. As with many
estimates, management must make judgments about potential actions by third
parties, including customer demands in establishing and evaluating our
inventory reserves.
Equity Compensation
Plans
We currently account for stock option plans under SFAS
No123 Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation and Accounting
Principles Board Opinion No25, Accounting for Stock Issued to
Employees. The Company generally has not incurred compensation expense for
employee stock options when the exercise price is at least 100% of the market
value of the Companys common stock on the date of grant.
In December2004, the FASB issued SFAS
No123 SFAS 123R, which replaces SFAS No123, Accounting for
Stock-Based Compensation SFAS 123 and supersedes Accounting Principles
Board Opinion No25, Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees. SFAS 123Rrequires companies to
measure compensation costs for share-based payments to employees, including
stock options, at fair value and to expense such compensation over the service
period beginning with the first annual period after June15, 2005. The pro
forma disclosures previously permitted under SFAS 123 will no longer be an  33 alternative to financial
statement recognition. We are required to adopt SFAS 123Rin the first
quarter of fiscal 2006. Under SFAS 123R, companies must determine the
appropriate fair value model to be used for valuing share-based payments. We
have chosen to continue applying the Black-Scholes model for SFAS
123Ras we have done for SFAS 123. We must also choose the vesting or
amortization method for the compensation cost. We will continue to use the
straight-line method for future grants as well as previously granted options
under SFAS 123R. Under SFAS 123R, we must estimate forfeitures as of the
grant date, however, our historical forfeitures have been negligible. There are
two allowable transition alternativesthe modified-prospective transition or
the modified-retrospective transition. We will apply the modified-prospective
transition. Under the modified-prospective transition, we will begin applying
the valuation and other criteria to stock options granted beginning
January1, 2006. We will begin recognizing expense for the unvested
portion of previously issued grants at the same time, based on the valuation
and attribution methods originally used to calculate the disclosures. We
believe the impact of adopting SFAS 123Rwill result in additional
expense for 2006. The amount of such additional expense is subject to change
based on a number of factors, including the actual number of stock option
awards granted, number of warrants exercised, and changes in assumptions
underlying the option value estimates, such as the risk-free interest rate.
Earnings Per Share or EPS
In
accordance with SFAS No128, Earnings per Share, basic EPS is
calculated by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of common
shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS reflects the effect of potential
common stock, which consists primarily of assumed stock option and warrant
exercises. The weighted-average number of common shares outstanding used in the
computation of basic and diluted earnings per share as of December31 is
as follows 
2005
2004
2003
Weighted-average
number of common shares outstanding-Basic
7,828,748
7,607,900
7,594,900
Potential
dilution from equity grants
350,042
146,300
77,354
Weighted-average number
of common shares outstanding-Diluted
8,178,790
7,754,200
7,672,254
For the years ended December31,
2005, 2004, and 2003, 97,554, 270,000 and 203,500 shares respectively, would
have been included in the calculation of diluted EPS; however the exercise
price of those options exceeded the average market price.
Recently
Issued and Adopted Accounting Guidance
In November2004, the
FASB issued SFAS No151 Inventory Costsan amendment of Accounting
Research Bulletin ARB No43, Chapter 4. The amendment clarifies that abnormal amounts
of idle facility expense, freight, handling costs, and wasted materials
spoilage should be recognized as current-period charges and requires the
allocation of fixed production overheads to inventory based on the normal
capacity of the production facilities. The guidance is effective for our fiscal
year beginning on January1, 2006. Upon the adoption of this amendment
there was no material impact to our overall results of operations or financial
position.
In December2004, the
FASB issued SFAS No123 SFAS 123R, which replaces SFAS No123, Accounting
for Stock-Based Compensation SFAS 123 and supersedes Accounting Principles
Board Opinion No25, Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees. SFAS 123Rrequires companies to
measure compensation costs for share-based payments to employees, including
stock options, at fair value and to expense such compensation over the service
period beginning with the first annual period after June15, 2005. The pro
forma disclosures previously permitted under SFAS 123 will no longer be an  34 alternative
to financial statement recognition. We are required to adopt SFAS 123Rin
the first quarter of fiscal 2006. Under SFAS 123R, companies must determine
the appropriate fair value model to be used for valuing share-based payments,
the amortization or vesting method for compensation cost and the transition
method to be used at date of adoption. We have chosen to continue applying the
Black-Scholes model for SFAS 123R as we have done for SFAS 123. We must also
choose the vesting or amortization method for the compensation cost. We will
continue to use the straight-line method for future grants as well as
previously granted options under SFAS 123R. Under SFAS 123R, we must
estimate forfeitures as of the grant date, however, our historical forfeitures
have been negligible. There are two allowable transition alternativesthe
modified-prospective transition or the modified-retrospective transition. We
will apply the modified-prospective transition. Under the modified-prospective
transition, we will begin applying the valuation and other criteria to stock
options granted beginning January 1, 2006. We will begin recognizing expense
for the unvested portion of previously issued grants at the same time, based on
the valuation and attribution methods originally used to calculate the disclosures.
We believe the impact of adopting SFAS 123Rwill result in additional
expense for 2006. The amount of such additional expense is subject to change
based on a number of factors, including the actual number of stock option
awards granted, number of warrants exercised, and changes in assumptions
underlying the option value estimates, such as the risk-free interest rate.
In December2004, the
FASB issued SFAS No153, SFAS 153, Exchanges of Nonmonetary Assets,
amending APB Opinion No29, which treated nonmonetary exchanges of
similar productive assets as an exception from fair value measurement. SFAS 153
replaces this exception with a general exception from fair value measurement
for exchanges of nonmonetary assets that do not have commercial substance. Nonmonetary
exchanges have commercial substance if the future cash flows of an entity are
expected to change significantly as a result of the exchange. We adopted this
statement for nonmonetary asset exchanges beginning on July1, 2005. The
adoption did not result in a material impact to our results of operations,
financial position or cash flows.
In March2005, FASB
Interpretation No47, Accounting for Conditional Asset Retirement
Obligations FIN 47 an interpretation of FASB Statement No143, Accounting
for Asset Retirement Obligations SFAS 143, clarifies the term conditional
asset retirement obligation as used in SFAS 143. The term refers to a legal
obligation to perform an asset retirement activity in which the timing and or
method of settlement are conditional on a future event that may or may not be
within the control of the entity. The obligation to perform the asset
retirement activity is unconditional even though uncertainty exists about the
timing and or method of settlement. Thus, the timing and or method of
settlement may be conditional on a future event. Accordingly, an entity is
required to recognize a liability for the fair value of a conditional asset
retirement obligation if the fair value of the liability can be reasonably
estimated. The fair value of a liability for the conditional asset retirement
obligation should be recognized when incurredgenerally upon acquisition,
construction, or development and or through the normal operation of the asset.
Uncertainty about the timing and or method of settlement of a conditional
asset retirement obligation should be factored into the measurement of the
liability when sufficient information exists. FIN 47 was effective for fiscal
years ending after December15, 2005. The adoption did not result in a
material impact to our results of operations, financial position or cash flows.
In May2005, the FASB
issued SFAS No154, SFAS 154, Accounting Changes and Error
Corrections. This statement replaces APB Opinion No20 and SFAS No3
and changes the requirements for the accounting for and reporting of a change
in accounting principle. APB No20 previously required that most
voluntary changes in accounting principle be recognized by including in net
income of the period of the change the cumulative effect of changing to the
accounting principle. SFAS 154 requires retrospective application to prior
periods financial statements of voluntary changes in accounting principles. SFAS
154 is effective for accounting changes and corrections of errors made in
fiscal years  35 beginning
after December15, 2005. We do not expect the adoption of SFAS 154 will
have a significant impact on the results of operations, financial position and
cash flows.
Item
7A. Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.
Market risk refers to the
potential losses arising from changes in interest rates, foreign currency
fluctuations and exchange rates, equity prices and commodity prices including
the correlation among these factors and their volatility. We are primarily
exposed to foreign currency fluctuations and exchange risk and interest rate
risk.
Foreign Currency Risk. There
are two types of foreign currency exchange risks that we may be subject
to: transaction and translation gains
and losses. Foreign exchange transaction gains or losses are distinguished from
translation gains or losses as follows: itranslation
adjustments do not involve the movement of cash, they are accounting conversion
calculations of an existing functional currency to a reporting currency and iitransaction
gains or losses which are based on an actual transaction that requires formal
payment at a future point in time.
We are subject to foreign
currency exchange risk relating to the translation of GPI-SAS assets,
liabilities, and income and expense accounts. The translation adjustment for
assets and liabilities is reflected in the other accumulated comprehensive
income loss caption included in the stockholders equity section on our
consolidated balance sheets. GPI-SAS uses the local currency as its
functional currency.
The assets and liabilities
of GPI-SAS are translated into U.S. dollars at the rate of exchange at December31,
2005. The income and expense accounts are translated using the average rate of
exchange during the period. GPI-SAS typically incurs gains or losses of
specified foreign currency transactions and these amounts are occasionally
material. These gains and losses are reflected in our statements of income. The U.S. dollar strengthened against the
Euro from $084440 at December31, 2005 to $073310 at December31,
2004. For the year ended December31, 2005, we did not have any forwards,
options or other derivative contracts in force.
Although our manufacturing
is partially performed in Mexico, the functional currency of GPI-Mexico
is considered to be the U.S. dollar. GPI-Mexico is funded by our U.S.
subsidiary in U.S. dollars and GPI-Mexico does not have significant
financial transactions other than the receipt of U.S. dollar funds to pay
employees and the payment of certain costs to operate its manufacturing plants.
Balance sheet accounts of GPI-Mexico are maintained and reported
principally in U.S. dollar historical amounts. Therefore, the balance sheet of
GPI-Mexico is not subject to translation adjustment risk.
Because of our significant
international operations, we are exposed to currency fluctuations and exchange
risk on all loans and contracts in foreign currencies. We may engage in hedging
as it relates to sale contracts between GPI-SAS and other foreign
countries, which have currencies that are different than the Euro. Although we
have not entered into any hedging agreements during the periods reflected in
this report, there is a possibility that we may enter into a hedging agreement,
dependent on the world money market conditions and other foreign currency
fluctuation considerations. To minimize the financial impact of these items, we
attempt to contract a majority of our services in U.S. dollars. We continually
monitor the currency exchange risk associated with all transactions not
denominated in the U.S. dollar.
Interest Rate Risk. Changes
in interest rates may result in changes in the fair market value of our
financial instruments, interest income and interest expense. As of December31,
2005, we had total interest bearing debt and capital lease obligations of
approximately $26 million. Of this amount, approximately $16 million has a
fixed rate of interest and we believe that these agreements have fair values,
which approximate reported amounts.
The remaining
approximately $10 million of interest bearing obligations have variable
interest rates which are tied to the iU.S.-based prime borrowing rate
of interest, and iiLIBOR, or a London  36 Interbank
Offered Rate, for six-month dollar deposits, plus 3625 basis points. To the
extent there are significant changes to the U.S.-based prime lending rate,
which is approximately 725% as of December31, 2005, and to the extent
there are significant increases to LIBOR that would exceed a floor of 80%, we
would have increased interest expense on approximately $10 million of debt
over the succeeding eight years. For each 10% increase in interest rates, we
would incur increased interest expense of approximately $10,000 over the next
twelve-month period.
Item
8. Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data.
Report of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm
Consolidated Balance
Sheets at December31, 2005 and 2004
Consolidated Statements of
Income for the Years Ended December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity and
Other Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December31, 2005, 2004 and
2003
Consolidated Statements of
Cash Flows for the Years Ended December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003
Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements 37 GAMING
PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 38 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM
To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of
Gaming Partners International Corporation
Las Vegas, Nevada
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of Gaming Partners International Corporation formerly known as Paul-Son
Gaming Corporation and Subsidiaries the Company as of December31,
2005 and 2004, and the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders
equity and other comprehensive income, and of cash flows for each of the three
years in the period ended December31, 2005. These consolidated financial
statements are the responsibility of the Companys management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial
statements based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to
perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit
included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis
for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances but
not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Companys internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no
such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as
well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe
that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Gaming
Partners International Corporation and Subsidiaries as of December31,
2005 and 2004, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for
each of the three years in the period ended December31, 2005, in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America.
DELOITTE TOUCHE
LLP
Las Vegas, Nevada
March28, 2006 39 GAMING
PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
December31, 
dollars in thousands, except share amounts 
2005
2004
ASSETS
Current Assets:
Cash and cash equivalents
$
4,573
$
8,012
Marketable securities
9,075
4,971
Accounts receivables, less allowance for doubtful
accounts of $398 and $296,
respectively
4,734
3,591
Inventories
9,895
7,358
Prepaid expenses
623
488
Deferred income tax asset
200
1,032
Other current assets
1,288
738
Total current assets
30,388
26,190
Property and
equipment, net
11,212
9,469
Goodwill
1,386
1,569
Other intangibles,
net
1,529
1,580
Deferred income
tax asset
2,407
Other assets, net
1,794
417
Total assets
$
48,716
$
39,225
LIABILITIES
AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY
Current Liabilities:
Current maturities of long-term debt
$
716
$
1,121
Accounts payable
3,483
4,263
Accrued expenses
3,587
2,705
Customer deposits
10,506
3,532
Income taxes payable
1,136
1,831
Deferred income tax liability
1,061
Other current liabilities
336
508
Total current liabilities
20,825
13,960
Long-term debt, less current maturities
1,892
2,856
Deferred income tax liability
789
Total liabilities
22,717
17,605
Commitments and
Contingencies Note 9
Stockholders
Equity:
Preferred stock, authorized 10,000,000 shares, $01
par value, none issued
and outstanding
Common stock, authorized 30,000,000 shares, $01 par
value, 7,898,766 and 7,729,400, respectively, issued and outstanding
79
77
Additional paid-in capital
16,904
14,901
Treasury stock, at cost, 8,061 shares
196
196
Retained earnings
8,766
5,225
Accumulated other comprehensive income
446
1,613
Total stockholders equity
25,999
21,620
Total
liabilities and stockholders equity
$
48,716
$
39,225
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 40 GAMING
PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
Years Ended December31, 
dollars in thousands, except per share amounts 
2005
2004
2003
Revenues
$
57,121
$
44,585
$
36,171
Cost of revenues
34,140
27,249
22,387
Gross profit
22,981
17,336
13,784
Product
development
330
259
154
Marketing and
sales
4,284
3,768
3,168
General and
administrative
12,528
9,233
8,720
Operating income
5,839
4,076
1,742
Other income
expense
Gain loss on foreign currency transactions
133
155
292
Interest expense
199
253
264
Other income, net
311
98
148
Income before income taxes
6,084
3,766
1,334
Income tax expense
1,756
1,152
101
Net income
$
4,328
$
2,614
$
1,233
Earnings per
share:
Basic
$
055
$
034
$
016
Diluted
$
053
$
034
$
016
Weighted-average shares
of common stock outstanding:
Basic
7,829
7,608
7,595
Diluted
8,179
7,754
7,672
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 41 GAMING
PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
Years Ended December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003
dollars in thousands, except share amounts 
Comprehensive
CommonStock
Additional
Paid-In
Treasury
Retained
Accumulated
Other
Comprehensive
Income
Shares
Amount
Capital
Stock
Earnings
IncomeLoss
Total
Balance, January1, 2003
7,594,900
$
76
$
14,253
$
196
$
1,378
$
33
$
15,478
Net income
$
1,233
1,233
1,233
Unrealized loss on securities
34
34
34
Foreign currency translation adjustment
1,137
1,137
1,137
Total comprehensive income
$
2,336
Balance, December31, 2003
7,594,900
76
14,253
196
2,611
1,070
17,814
Net income
2,614
2,614
2,614
Unrealized loss on securities
1
1
1
Common stock options and warrants exercised
134,500
1
648
649
Foreign currency translation adjustment
544
544
544
Total comprehensive income
$
3,157
Balance, December31, 2004
7,729,400
77
14,901
196
5,225
1,613
21,620
Net income
4,328
4,328
4,328
Unrealized gain on securities
5
5
5
Common stock options and warrants exercised
169,366
2
698
700
Vesting of Performance-Based Stock Options
778
778
Dividends paid, $010 per share
787
787
Tax benefit from stock options exercised
527
527
Foreign currency translation adjustment
1,172
1,172
1,172
Total comprehensive income
$
3,161
Balance,
December31, 2005
7,898,766
$
79
$
16,904
$
196
$
8,766
$
446
$
25,999
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  42  GAMING
PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
Years Ended December31,
dollars in thousands 
2005
2004
2003
Cash Flows from Operating
Activities
Net income
$
4,328
$
2,614
$
1,233
Adjustments
to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:
Depreciation
1,558
1,673
1,796
Amortization
282
324
326
Provision for bad debt
128
86
48
Provision for inventory obsolescence
253
46
206
Deferred income taxes
1,126
219
24
Stock Based Compensation Expense
778
Excess tax benefit on exercise of stock options and
warrants
527
Gain loss on sale/disposal of property and
equipment
23
3
Gain on sale of marketable securities
102
55
98
Change
in operating assets and liabilities:
Accounts receivable
1,609
88
349
Income tax refund
846
Inventories
3,434
1,930
116
Other current assets, including prepaid expenses
782
269
72
Accounts payable
74
2,128
1,541
Customer deposits
7,727
1,931
575
Accrued expenses
1,168
602
157
Income taxes payable
469
1,534
184
Other current liabilities
163
34
135
Net cash provided by operating activities
8,967
8,150
3,086
Cash Flows from Investing
Activities
Purchase of marketable securities
29,137
12,202
12,770
Proceeds from sale of marketable securities
24,211
10,258
11,955
Acquisition of property and equipment
3,781
2,879
2,214
Purchase of intangible assets
235
Proceeds from sale of property and equipment
52
450
Increase decrease in other assets
1,718
296
25
Net cash used in investing activities
10,608
5,119
2,554
Cash Flows from Financing
Activities
Proceeds from long-term debt
599
446
Repayment of long-term debt
1,048
794
665
Cash dividend distribution
787
Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net
700
649
Net cash provided by used in financing activities
1,135
454
219
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash
663
341
1,540
Net increase decrease in cash and cash equivalents
3,439
3,826
1,853
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year
8,012
4,186
2,333
Cash and cash equivalents, end of year
$
4,573
$
8,012
$
4,186
Supplemental disclosure of cash
flow information:
Cash paid for interest
$
185
$
232
$
252
Cash paid for income taxes received from refunds
3,110
171
913
Non-cash transactions:
Currency translation adjustment
$
1,172
$
544
$
1,137
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 43 GAMING PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Note 1. Nature of Business and Significant
Accounting Policies
Organization and Nature of Business
Effective September1, 2004, Paul-Son
Gaming Corporation completed its name change to Gaming Partners International
Corporation. Gaming Partners International Corporation, a Nevada corporation GPIC
and each of its subsidiaries are sometimes collectively referred to herein as
the Company, we, us, or our. The
name change was approved by a vote of stockholders at the Companys annual
meeting held on May26, 2004. The Companys established brand names such
as Paul-Son, Bourgogne et Grasset,
or BG, Bud Jones, and T-K
brands remain unchanged. The Companys subsidiary, Paul-Son Gaming
Supplies,Inc. changed its name to Gaming Partners International U.S.A.,Inc.,
or GPI-USA. The Companys subsidiary, Etablissements Bourgogne et Grasset
S.A. also changed its name to Gaming Partners International SAS, or GPI-SAS.
The Companys subsidiary, Paul-Son Mexicana, S.A. de C.V., changed its
name to GPI Mexicana S.A. de C.V., or GPI-Mexico.
A Combination Agreement was executed on September12,
2002, combining GPIC formerly known as Paul-Son Gaming Corporation with
GPI-SAS formerly known as Etablissements Bourgogne et Grasset S.A. At
the closing, the businesses of GPIC, GPI-SAS and GPI-SAS then
wholly-owned subsidiary, the former Bud Jones Company,Inc., or Bud Jones,
were combined, with GPI-SAS and Bud Jones becoming wholly-owned
subsidiaries of GPIC, or the Combination. The Combination was accounted for as
a purchase transaction for financial accounting purposes. Because the former
GPI-SAS stockholders owned a majority of the outstanding GPIC common
stock as a result of the Combination, the Combination was accounted for as a
reverse acquisition in which GPI-SAS is the purchaser of GPIC. On December31, 2002, Bud Jones merged
into GPI-USA, which was a wholly-owned subsidiary of GPIC and GPI-USA
was the surviving entity. Bud Jones was a gaming supply manufacturing company,
which was also headquartered in Las Vegas. Both former operations GPI-USA
and Bud Jones have been consolidated into one facility at the Companys headquarters
in Las Vegas, Nevada with the new name of GPI-USA.
Our business activities
include the manufacture and supply of casino table game equipment and supplies,
including gaming chips, table layouts, playing cards, dice, wheels, gaming
furniture, and miscellaneous table accessories such as chip trays, drop boxes
and dealing shoes, which are used in conjunction with casino table games such
as blackjack, poker, baccarat, craps and roulette.
Basis of Consolidation and Presentation
The consolidated financial statements include the
accounts of GPIC and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, including GPI-SAS,
GPI-USA and GPI-Mexico. The assets and liabilities of our inactive
former wholly-owned subsidiary, Authentic Products,Inc. were transferred
into GPIC during the second quarter of 2004. All material intercompany balances
and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
A summary of our
significant accounting policies follows Cash and Cash
Equivalents
We consider all highly
liquid investments and repurchase agreements with maturities of three months or
less at the date of purchase to be cash and cash equivalents. 44  GAMING PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued Note 1. Nature of Business and Significant Accounting Policies
Continued
Fair Value of Financial Instruments
The fair value of cash,
accounts receivable, and accounts payable approximates the carrying amount of
these financial instruments due to their short-term nature. The fair value of
long-term debt, which approximates its carrying value, is based on current
rates at which we could borrow funds with similar remaining maturities.
Accounts Receivables and Customer Deposits
We perform ongoing credit
evaluations of our customers and generally require a fifty percent deposit for
manufactured or purchased products at the discretion of management. These
customer deposits are classified as a current liability on the balance sheet.
We also maintain an
allowance for doubtful accounts. See Note 12. We recognize an allowance for
doubtful accounts bad debt reserves to ensure trade receivables are not
overstated due to uncollectibility. This allowance is maintained for all
customers, based on a variety of factors, including the length of time the
receivables are past due, economic conditions and trends, significant one-time
events and historical experience. Various percentages are applied to the aged
receivables. Additional amounts are recorded to the allowance based on our
awareness of a particular customers inability to meet its financial
obligations.
Marketable Securities
We account for our
investments in marketable securities in accordance with Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards SFAS No115, Accounting For Certain Investments
in Debt and Equity Securities No115. Under SFAS No115, our
securities are classified as available-for-sale and, as such, are carried at
fair value with unrealized holding gains and losses excluded from earnings and
reported within accumulated other comprehensive income. The first-in, first-out
method is used to determine the cost of securities disposed of. Marketable
securities consist of investments in securities offered by French banks,
primarily bond portfolios, that are designated by these banks as risk free or
minimum risk instruments. These investments are primarily held with one major
financial institution in our name.
Inventories
Inventories are stated at
the lower of cost or market, net of write-downs for slow-moving, excess and
obsolete items. Cost is determined using the weighted-average method in France
and the first-in, first-out method in the United States of America. Finished
goods inventories consist of dice, cards, chips, other gaming equipment and
supplies.
Property and
Equipment
Property
and equipment are stated at cost, net of depreciation. We include capitalized
lease equipment in our property and equipment for financial statement purposes.
Depreciation is computed primarily on the straight-line method for financial
reporting purposes over the following estimated useful lives 
Years
Buildings and
improvements
10-27
Furniture and
equipment
5-10
Vehicles
4-7
45  GAMING PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued Note 1. Nature of Business and Significant Accounting Policies Continued
Goodwill and Other
Intangible Assets
Effective November1, 2002, in connection with
the implementation of SFAS No142, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets,
economic goodwill and trademarks with indefinite useful lives are not amortized.
We review goodwill and all intangible assets with indefinite lives for
impairment, annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable in accordance with
SFAS No142. We completed the annual goodwill impairment test as of December31,
2005, and as a result of this test, no impairment of goodwill was deemed
necessary. Management derives the annual fair value of our goodwill with yearly
assistance from an independent accountant after an initial review by an
appraiser.
Other intangible assets
such as patents, non-compete agreements and others with definite lives are
amortized, using the straight-line method over their economic useful lives, up
to fourteen years. We evaluate these intangible assets with definite lives for
potential impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the
carrying value may not be recoverable.
Debt
We include obligations from
capitalized leases in our long and short-term debt captions for financial
statement purposes.
Revenue Recognition
Substantially all revenue is recognized when products
are shipped to our customers, according to the shipping terms. We typically
sell our products with payment terms of net 30 days or less.
We offer a
limitedstandard warranty on some of our products, primarily in France. Sales
returns and warranty reserves are provided under the accrual basis and are
based on estimates of future costs associated with fulfilling the warranty
obligation. The estimates are derived from historical cost experience. Sales
returns were not material for us for the periods presented.
Income Taxes
We use SFAS No109, Accounting for Income
Taxes, for financial accounting and reporting for income taxes. A current tax
liability or asset is recognized for the estimated taxes payable or refundable
on tax returns for the current year. A deferred tax liability or asset is
recognized for the estimated future tax effects, based on provisions of the
enacted law, attributable to temporary differences and carryforwards.
GPIC and our subsidiaries
file separate income tax returns in our respective jurisdictions. Income taxes
are provided for the tax effects of transactions reported in the financial
statements and consist of taxes currently due plus deferred taxes related
primarily to differences between the basis of assets and liabilities acquired
for financial and income tax reporting. The deferred tax assets and liabilities
represent the future tax consequences of those differences, which will either
be taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are recovered or
settled. Deferred taxes also are recognized for operating losses that are
available to offset future income taxes. 46  GAMING PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued Note 1. Nature of Business
and Significant Accounting Policies Continued
Foreign Currency Transactions
The financial statements
of GPI-SAS are measured using the Euro as the functional currency. Assets
and liabilities of GPI-SAS are translated into the U.S. Dollar at
exchange rates as of the balance sheet date. Revenues and expenses are
translated into the U.S. Dollar at average rates of exchange in effect during
the year. The resulting cumulative translation adjustments have been recorded
in accordance with the provisions of SFAS No52, Foreign Currency
Translation and are shown within accumulated other comprehensive income.
Transaction gains and
losses that arise from exchange rate fluctuations on transactions denominated
in a currency other than the functional currency are included in the results of
operations as incurred.
Comprehensive Income
Comprehensive income
includes net earnings as well as additional other comprehensive income. Our
other comprehensive income also consists of unrealized gains and losses on
available-for-sale securities recorded net of tax, and cumulative translation
adjustments.
Comprehensive
income consists of the following 
YearsEndedDecember31,
in thousands
2005
2004
2003
Net income
$
4,328
$
2,614
$
1,233
Unrealized gain loss
on securities, net of tax
5
1
34
Foreign currency
translation adjustment
1,172
544
1,137
Total Comprehensive Income
$
3,161
$
3,157
$
2,336
Estimates
The preparation of
financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the
reporting period. Estimates and assumptions have been made in determining the
depreciable lives of assets, the recoverability of deferred tax assets, the
allowance for doubtful accounts receivable, write-downs of slow moving, excess
and obsolete inventories, estimates for the recoverability of long-lived
assets, litigation, claims and assessments; and/or the recoverability of
goodwill. Actual results could differ from those estimates and assumptions.
Long-Lived Assets
In accordance with SFAS No144, Accounting for
the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets, we review for impairment of
long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangibles whenever events or
changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not
be recoverable. In general, we will recognize an impairment loss when the sum
of undiscounted expected future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of
such assets. The measurement for such an impairment loss is then based on the
fair value of the assets. We had no impairment losses for each of the three
years in the period ended December31, 2005. 47  GAMING PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued Note 1. Nature of Business and Significant Accounting Policies Continued
Assets are grouped and
evaluated for impairment at the lowest level for which there are identifiable
cash flows, which are largely independent of the cash flows of other groups of
assets. We operate in only one primary marketplace legalized casinos, it has
only one identifiable business segment with a centralized business operation,
and all cash flows are generated by this one segment and are not disaggregated.
See Note14 for the presentation of the one business segment by
geographic area. Long-lived assets are principally real estate and, to a
lesser extent, production assets in and through which business operations and
products are manufactured and distributed.
Earnings Per Share
or EPS
In
accordance with SFAS No128, Earnings per Share, basic EPS is
calculated by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of common
shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS reflects the effect of potential
common stock, which consists primarily of assumed stock option and warrant
exercises. Potentially dilutive securities are not taken into account when
their effect would be antidilutive. The weighted-average number of common
shares outstanding used in the computation of basic and diluted earnings per
share as of December31 is as follows 
2005
2004
2003
Weighted-average
number of common shares outstandingBasic
7,828,748
7,607,900
7,594,900
Potential
dilution from equity grants
350,042
146,300
77,354
Weighted-average number
of common shares outstandingDiluted
8,178,790
7,754,200
7,672,254
We have outstanding
certain stock options to purchase common stock, which have an exercise price
greater than the average market price. These antidilutive options have been
excluded from the computation of diluted net income per share for the
respective fiscal years. These outstanding antidilutive options for the years
ended December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003 were approximately 97,554, 270,000
and 203,500, respectively. 48  GAMING PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued Note 1. Nature of Business and Significant Accounting Policies Continued
Equity Compensation Plan Information
We
account for our stock option plans under Accounting Principles Board APB
Opinion No25, Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees, under which no
compensation cost is generally required to be recognized. Had compensation cost
for these plans been determined consistent with SFAS No123, Accounting
for Stock Based Compensation, and SFAS No148, Accounting for Stock-Based
Compensation- Transaction and Disclosure, an Amendment to SFAS No123,
our net income and earnings per share would have been reduced to the following
pro forma amounts for the fiscal years ended December31, 2005, 2004 and
2003 dollars in thousands, except per share amounts 
2005
2004
2003
Net income:
As reported
$
4,328
$
2,614
$
1,233
Add:
Stock-based employee
compensation expense included in reported net income, net of tax
501
Deduct:
Total stock-based
employee compensation expense determined under fair value method, net of tax
565
97
128
Pro forma net income
$
4,264
$
2,517
$
1,105
Netearningspershare:
As reported:
Basic
$
055
$
034
$
016
Diluted
$
053
$
034
$
016
Pro forma:
Basic
$
054
$
033
$
014
Diluted
$
052
$
032
$
014
The fair value of each
option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes
option-pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions used for
grants in the years ended 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively: dividend yield of zero percent for all years;
expected volatility of 1119%, 64%, and 45% for the years ended 2005 and 2004
and for the years ended December31, 2003, respectively; risk-free
interest rates of 473%, 363% and 338% respectively, and an expected life of
56, 20, and 50 years for each of the options granted. Although a cash
dividend was paid in 2005, we currently do not have an intention to pay
dividends in the forseeable future. 
2005
2004
2003
The
weighted-average fair value of options granted
$
1120
$
167
$
112
We estimate that stock
based compensation expense in 2006 related to the vesting of options
outstanding at December31, 2005, excluding stock options potentially
granted to directors during 2006, will be approximately $212,000.
Recently Issued Accounting Guidance
In November2004, the FASB issued SFAS No151
Inventory Costsan amendment of Accounting Research Bulletin ARB No43,
Chapter 4. The amendment clarifies that
abnormal amounts of idle facility expense, freight, handling costs, and wasted
materials spoilage should be recognized as current 49  GAMING PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued Note 1. Nature of Business and Significant Accounting Policies Continued
period charges and
requires the allocation of fixed production overheads to inventory based on the
normal capacity of the production facilities. The guidance is effective for our
fiscal year beginning on January1, 2006. Upon the adoption of this
amendment there was no material impact to our overall results of operations or
financial position.
In December2004, the
FASB issued SFAS No123 SFAS 123R, which replaces SFAS No123, Accounting
for Stock-Based Compensation SFAS 123 and supersedes Accounting Principles
Board Opinion No25, Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees. SFAS 123Rrequires companies to
measure compensation costs for share-based payments to employees, including
stock options, at fair value and to expense such compensation over the service
period beginning with the first annual period after June15, 2005. The pro
forma disclosures previously permitted under SFAS 123 will no longer be an
alternative to financial statement recognition. We are required to adopt SFAS
123Rin the first quarter of fiscal 2006. Under SFAS 123R, companies
must determine the appropriate fair value model to be used for valuing
share-based payments. We have chosen to continue applying the Black-Scholes
model for SFAS123R as we have done for SFAS 123. We must also choose
the vesting or amortization method for the compensation cost. We will continue
to use the straight-line method for future grants as well as previously granted
options under SFAS 123R. Under SFAS 123R, we must estimate forfeitures as
of the grant date, however, our historical forfeitures have been negligible.
There are two allowable transition alternativesthe modified-prospective
transition or the modified-retrospective transition. We will apply the
modified-prospective transition. Under the modified-prospective transition, we
will begin applying the valuation and other criteria to stock options granted
beginning January 1, 2006. We will begin recognizing expense for the unvested
portion of previously issued grants at the same time, based on the valuation
and attribution methods originally used to calculate the disclosures. We
believe the impact of adopting SFAS 123Rwill result in additional
expense for 2006. The amount of such additional expense is subject to change
based on a number of factors, including the actual number of stock option
awards granted, number of warrants exercised, and changes in assumptions
underlying the option value estimates, such as the risk-free interest rate.
In December2004, the
FASB issued SFAS No153, SFAS 153, Exchanges of Nonmonetary Assets,
amending APB Opinion No29, which treated nonmonetary exchanges of
similar productive assets as an exception from fair value measurement. SFAS 153
replaces this exception with a general exception from fair value measurement
for exchanges of nonmonetary assets that do not have commercial substance. Nonmonetary
exchanges have commercial substance if the future cash flows of an entity are
expected to change significantly as a result of the exchange. We adopted this
statement for nonmonetary asset exchanges beginning on July1, 2005. The
adoption did not result in a material impact to our results of operations,
financial position or cash flows.
In March2005, FASB Interpretation No47, Accounting
for Conditional Asset Retirement Obligations FIN 47 an interpretation of
FASB Statement No143, Accounting for Asset Retirement Obligations
SFAS 143, clarifies the term conditional asset retirement obligation as used
in SFAS 143. The term refers to a legal obligation to perform an asset
retirement activity in which the timing and or method of settlement are
conditional on a future event that may or may not be within the control of the
entity. The obligation to perform the asset retirement activity is
unconditional even though uncertainty exists about the timing and or method
of settlement. Thus, the timing and or method of settlement may be
conditional on a future event. Accordingly, an entity is required to recognize
a liability for the fair value of a conditional asset retirement obligation if
the fair value of the liability can be reasonably estimated.  50  GAMING PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued Note 1. Nature of Business and
Significant Accounting Policies Continued
The fair value of a
liability for the conditional asset retirement obligation should be recognized
when incurredgenerally upon acquisition, construction, or development and or
through the normal operation of the asset. Uncertainty about the timing and
or method of settlement of a conditional asset retirement obligation should
be factored into the measurement of the liability when sufficient information
exists. FIN 47 was effective for fiscal years ending after December15,
2005. The adoption did not result in a material impact to our results of
operations, financial position or cash flows.
In May2005,
the FASB issued SFAS No154, SFAS 154, Accounting Changes and Error
Corrections. This statement replaces APB Opinion No20 and SFAS No3
and changes the requirements for the accounting for and reporting of a change
in accounting principle. APB No20 previously required that most
voluntary changes in accounting principle be recognized by including in net
income of the period of the change the cumulative effect of changing to the
accounting principle. SFAS 154 requires retrospective application to prior
periods financial statements of voluntary changes in accounting principles. SFAS
154 is effective for accounting changes and corrections of errors made in
fiscal years beginning after December15, 2005. The adoption of SFAS 154
will have a significant impact on the results of operations, financial position
or cash flows.
Note 2. Marketable
Securities
Marketable
securities consist of investments in securities offered by French banks,
primarily bond portfolios, that are designated by these banks as risk free or
minimum risk instruments. As of December31,
marketable securities consisted of the following in thousands 
December31,2005
December31,2004
December31,2003
Cost
Gross
Unrealized
Gain
Fair
Value
Cost
Gross
Unrealized
Gains
Fair
Value
Cost
Gross
Unrealized
Gains
Fair
Value
Available for sale marketable securities 
$
9,066
$
9
$
9,075
$
4,970
$
1
$
4,971
$
2,579
$
1
$
2,580
Note 3. Inventories
Inventories
consist of the following at December31 in thousands 
2005
2004
Raw materials
$
5,773
$
4,503
Work in process
2,292
1,449
Finished goods
1,830
1,406
Total
$
9,895
$
7,358
Note 4. Other
Current Assets
Other
current assets consist of the following at December31 in thousands 
2005
2004
Refundable value
added tax
$
533
$
435
Current deposits
732
168
Other assets
23
135
Other current assets
$
1,288
$
738
51  GAMING PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued Note
5. Property and Equipment
Property
and equipment consist of the following at December31 in thousands 
2005
2004
Land
$
1,645
$
853
Buildings and improvements
5,790
5,439
Furniture and
equipment
13,104
12,286
Vehicles
656
473
21,195
19,051
Less: accumulated
depreciation
9,983
9,582
Property and equipment,
net
$
11,212
$
9,469
Depreciation expense, for
the years ended December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003 was $1,558,000 1,673,000 and $1,796,000, respectively.
Note 6. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets in
thousands 
December31,2005
December31,2004
Gross
Carrying
Amount
Accum.
Amortization
Net
Carrying
Amount
Gross
Carrying
Amount
Accum.
Amortization
Net
Carrying
Amount
Estimated
UsefulLife
Years
Goodwill1
$
1,450
$
64
$
1,386
$
1,637
$
68
$
1,569
Indefinite
Trademarks
620
37
583
620
37
583
Indefinite
Patents
1,242
628
614
1,007
530
477
8 to
14
Customer relationships
432
296
136
432
233
199
7
Non-compete agreements
730
534
196
730
409
321
5 to
6
Total
$
4,474
$
1,559
$
2,915
$
4,426
$
1,277
$
3,149
1 The
amount of goodwill related to GPI-SAS for 2005 and 2004 above, included
the net effect of foreign currency exchange of $12,000, and $195,000, respectively.
Amortization expense for
the years ended December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003 was $282,000, $324,000
and $326,000, respectively 
YearsEndingDecember31,
inthousands
2006
$
281
2007
232
2008
121
2009
78
Thereafter
234
Total
$
946
52 GAMING PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued
Note 7.Accrued
Expenses
Accrued
expenses consist of the following at December31 in thousands 
2005
2004
Wages and related
costs
$
977
$
752
Accrued vacation
1,846
1,263
Accrued interest
9
15
Accrued sales
taxes
157
160
Other accrued
expenses
450
370
Accrued sales
commissions
148
145
Accrued expenses
$
3,587
$
2,705
Note 8. Long-Term Debt and
Pledged Assets
Long-term
debt consists of the following at December31 in thousands 
2005
2004
Note payable due
to a commercial bank in quarterly installments of $131 including a fixed
interest rate of 510% through February2008. This note is guaranteed by
the majority stockholder
$
1,103
$
1,795
Note payable to
bank in monthly installments of approximately $7 including variable interest
approximately 80% at December31, 2005 and 2004 commencing
April1, 2002 with a maturity date of March1, 2012 and an
approximate $871 balloon payment. The note is secured by a first deed of
trust on our headquarters in Las Vegas, Nevada
959
969
Capital lease
obligation payable for equipment, fixed interest rate of 777% payable in
monthly installments of approximately $8 through December7, 2005
95
Capital lease
obligation payable for equipment, fixed interest rate of 8309% payable in
monthly installments of approximately $11 through March4, 2006
37
177
Other capital
lease obligations with varying fixed rates and maturities
152
356
Note payable to
commercial bank, at a fixed rate of 36%, payable in monthly installments of
approximately $6 through May2011, collateralized by office and
production buildings in France
328
441
Various notes
payable to commercial banks, with fixed interest rates from 35% to 54% with
principal and interest payments due monthly through 2006
29
144
Principal balance
2,608
3,977
Less: current
portion
716
1,121
Long-term debt
$
1,892
$
2,856
GPI-USA entered into a $995,000 loan transaction
Loan with Jackson Federal Bank, a federal savings bank Jackson, on March5,
2002. The interest rate equals the greater of 8% per annum Floor Rate or
3625 basis points over the average of the London Interbank Offered Rates for
six month dollar deposit in the London market based on quotations of major banks
LIBOR. The interest rate shall not be less than the Floor Rate or more than
12% per annum, nor shall the interest rate increase or decrease by more than
two percentage points per annum during any twelve month period or one-half
percentage point per annum during any three month period. The maturity date is March1,
2012. The Loan is payable  53  GAMING PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued Note 8. Long-Term Debt and Pledged Assets Continued
in arrears in equal
monthly installments of principal and interest of approximately $7,300 based
upon a thirty year amortization schedule beginning April1, 2002 and
continuing on the first day of each month through and including March1,
2012, at which time the entire remaining principal balance of $871,000 will be
due and payable. The Loan is secured by a Deed of Trust, Security Agreement,
Assignment of Rents and Fixture Filing Deed of Trust encumbering the
Companys Las Vegas, Nevada headquarters. We executed a Guaranty in favor of
Jackson by which we guaranteed the obligations of GPI-USA under the Loan
and Deed of Trust and the related loan documents executed in connection with
the Loan. The Loan may now be prepaid in part or in whole at any time without a
prepayment premium. The Deed of Trust restricts GPI-USA from encumbering
or transferring 1the Companys Las Vegas, Nevada headquarters; and 2ownership
interests in GPI-USA. Further, the Deed of Trust also grants to Jackson a
security interest in GPI-USAs personal property, including, but not
limited to, machinery, furniture, fixtures, licenses and income.
In February2001, GPI-SAS borrowed
approximately $22million from an unaffiliated party. Principal and
interest payments are due quarterly in the original approximate amount of
$116,000 until February2008, varying with the fluctuation in the Euro to
U.S. Dollar rate. Interest accrues at the fixed rate of 51% per annum. The
loan is guaranteed by our majority stockholder, Holding Wilson, S.A. Under the
terms of the GPI-SAS loan agreement, GPI-SAS must comply with
certain financial covenants that are calculated annually based on the financial
statements of GPI-SAS. Specifically, GPI-SAS ratio of total loans
and similar debt inclusive of capital lease obligations to operating cash
flow defined under French GAAP as operating income before depreciation and
provisions must not exceed 17, and the ratio of total loans and similar debt
inclusive of capital lease obligations to stockholders equity must not
exceed 05. GPI-SAS actual ratio of total loans and similar debt
inclusive of capital lease obligations to operating cash flow and ratio of
total loans and similar debt inclusive of capital lease obligations to
stockholders equity were 025 and 012, respectively, as of December31,
2005.
On January9,
2004, GPI-SAS entered into a 350,000 Euro approximately
$447,000U.S. at the January9, 2004 exchange rate loan transaction,
with Banque Nationale de Paris B.N.P., a French bank, for the purposes of
building expansion in France. The general terms of this loan are as follows Interest Rate. 36% fixed.
Maturity Date. The maturity date is January2010.
Security. The loan is secured by a
mortgage on the building premises.
Monthly Payment: 4,720 Euros; no balloon payment. 54  GAMING PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued Note 8. Long-Term Debt and Pledged Assets Continued
Estimated annual principal
maturities of long-term debt and future minimum payments under capital lease
obligations at December31, 2005 are as follows in thousands 
Capital
Leases
Long-Term
Debt
2006
$
154
$
571
2007
39
570
2008
10
202
2009
77
2010
80
Thereafter
919
Total
$
203
$
2,419
Less: amount
representing interest
14
Present value of
minimum lease payments
189
Less: current
portion
145
Long term portion of
obligations under capital leases
$
44
Note 9. Commitments and
Contingencies
Operating Lease
Obligations
The
following is a schedule by years of future minimum lease payments under
operating leases as of December31, 2005 in thousands 
2006
$
308
2007
295
2008
266
2009
124
2010
21
Thereafter
Total minimum lease
payments
$
1,014
Rent expense, totaled
$267,000, $285,000 and $319,000 for the years ended December31, 2005,
2004 and 2003, respectively.
Legal Proceedings
We are engaged in disputes
and claims arising in the normal course of business. We believe the ultimate
outcome of these proceedings will not have a material adverse impact on the
consolidated financial position or results of operations.
Commitments
On October25, 2001,
GPI-SAS entered into an exclusive patent license agreement with Enpat,Inc.
The subject patents were subsequently sold by Enpat,Inc. to Shuffle
Master Inc. in the fourth quarter of 2004. Thereafter, in the second quarter of
2005, Shuffle Master Inc. sold 50% of its rights in the subject  55  GAMING PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued Note 9. Commitments and Contingencies Continued
patents
to International Game Technology. The agreement grants GPI-SAS and its
affiliated GPIC companies the exclusive rights to manufacture and distribute a
gaming chip tracking system and method, in the U.S.A., which utilizes gaming
chips with embedded electronic circuits scanned by antennas in gaming chip
placement areas gaming tables and casino cage, or RFID technology. The
duration of the exclusive agreement is for the life of the patents, the last of
which expire in 2015. Minimum annual royalty payments of $125,000 are required
to be made by GPI-SAS over the remaining life of the exclusive patent license
agreement.
Note
10. Income Tax Matters
The
Company accounts for income taxes using the asset and liability approach
required by SFAS No109. The asset and liability approach requires the
recognition of deferred income tax liabilities and assets for the expected
future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts
of and the tax basis of the Companys assets and liabilities. Future income tax
benefits attributable to temporary differences are recognized to the extent
that realization of such benefits is more likely than not. These future tax
benefits are measured by applying currently enacted tax rates. The following
table provides an analysis of the Companys provision for income taxes for the
years ended December31 in thousands 
2005
2004
2003
Current:
U.S. Federal
$
50
$
274
$
420
U.S. State
5
36
74
France
2,794
1,609
62
Total Current
2,839
1,371
556
Deferred:
U.S. Federal
1,036
41
431
U.S. State
32
4
4
France
79
264
20
Total Deferred
1,083
219
455
Provision for
income taxes
$
1,756
$
1,152
$
101
Pre-tax
income loss consisted of the following in thousands 
2005
2004
2003
U.S.A.
$
5
$
266
$
266
France
6,089
4,032
1,068
Pre-tax income
$
6,084
$
3,766
$
1,334
56 GAMING PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued
Note
10. Income Tax Matters Continued
A reconciliation of our
income tax expense as compared to the tax expense calculated by applying the
statutory federal tax rate to the income before income taxes for the years
ended December31, is as follows 
2005
2004
2003
Computed expected
income tax expense
340
%
340
%
343
%
Adjustments:
Foreign dividends
and IRC Sec 78 and 956 inclusions net of foreign tax credits
319
%
166
%
196
%
State taxes
04
%
07
%
33
%
Change in
valuation allowance
359
%
160
%
261
%
French gain
loss on U.S. note receivable
42
%
31
%
257
%
Subpart F income adjustment
68
%
Other, net
11
%
16
%
19
%
Income tax expense
289
%
306
%
73
%
The valuation allowance for the year ended December31,
2004 was established due to accumulated losses in the U.S. and the uncertainty
of future taxable income necessary to utilize deferred tax assets. In 2005,
GPI-USA received a non-cash dividend from GPI-SAS. In addition, management
intends to distribute additional future non-cash dividends from GPI-SAS to
GPI-USA. Management believes that the taxable income resulting from these
dividends will result in full utilization of prior accumulated losses in the
U.S., accordingly, the valuation allowance related to U.S. operating losses and
other deferred tax assets, exclusive of foreign tax credits, has been reduced. The
aforementioned dividends generate foreign tax credits which expire if not
utilized within 10 years. The Company has established a valuation allowance
related to these foreign tax credits for amounts which are estimated to expire
before usage. The Company also continues to record a full valuation allowance
on state deferred assets due to the uncertainty of future state taxable income.
The Companys net operating loss carryforwards expire between the years 2022
and 2024, and foreign tax credits expire in 2015. 57  GAMING PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued Note 10. Income Tax Matters Continued
The primary components of
the net deferred income tax assets at December31 were as follows in
thousands 
2005
2004
Deferred tax assets:
Operating loss
carryforwards
$
988
$
2,526
Bad debt reserves
and inventory
609
209
French deferred
assets
479
247
Stock
compensation
284
Intangibles
357
310
Tax credits
2,432
Foreign Currency
Translation
203
469
Other
78
Total gross
deferred tax assets
5,430
3,761
Less: valuation
allowance
1,664
2,772
Total net
deferred tax assets
3,766
989
Deferred
tax liabilities:
Excess book basis
in shares of GPI-SAS
1,693
Fixed assets
101
618
French deferred
liabilities
394
4
Other
32
124
Total deferred
tax liabilities
2,220
746
Deferred tax
asset liability, net
$
1,546
$
243
Deferred income taxes were
previously not provided on the excess book basis in the shares of GPI-SAS
because this basis difference was not expected to reverse in the foreseeable
future as we did not intend to remit the earnings of GPI-SAS to GPI-USA.
Effective in the first quarter of 2005, we provided deferred taxes on the
excess book basis in the shares of GPI-SAS, as we now intend to distribute
non-cash dividends from our French subsidiary in 2005 and 2006.
Note 11. Stock Option
Programs and Warrants
We have stock option programs, which consist of the
1994 Long-Term Incentive Plan the Incentive Plan and the 1994 Directors
Stock Option Plan the Directors Plan. The Incentive Plan provides for the
grant of stock options to executive officers, key employees, outside
consultants and employee-directors. On July29, 1996, the Board of
Directors amended and stockholders subsequently approved an increase in the
aggregate shares issuable under the Incentive Plan to 1,000,000 from 500,000
shares. In general, an initial option grant under the Incentive Plan vests over
a four year period, with one-fourth of the option grant vesting at the end of
each year, however, the vesting schedule for individual participants may vary. The
options granted under the Incentive Plan expire 10 years after the date of
grant.
The Directors Plan, as amended in September2002,
provides that each non-employee director, upon joining the Board of Directors,
will receive an option to purchase 6,000 shares of common stock. In October2003,
the Board of Directors amended and the stockholders subsequently approved an  58  GAMING PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued Note 11. Stock Option Programs and Warrants Continued
amendment to the Directors
Plan to: iincrease the number of shares of our common stock for which
options may be granted to 150,000, an increase of 75,000, and iiextend
the expiration date of the plan to January31, 2009 from January31,
2004, an increase of five years. The initial option grant vests over a 3-year
period, with one-third of the option grant vesting at the end of each year. At
the beginning of the fourth year of service on the Board of Directors, and each
year thereafter, each non-employee director receives an annual grant to
purchase 2,000 shares of common stock. In addition, each year each non-employee
director receives options to purchase 1,500 shares of common stock for serving
on the following committees of the Board of Directors for at least six months
prior to the date of grant: the Audit Committee; the Compensation Committee;
and the Compliance Committee. No option is exercisable sooner than six months
and one day after the date of the grant. The options expire on the tenth
anniversary of the date of grant, nine months after retirement or two years
after death. Options covering 28,500 shares were granted to non-employee
directors during the period of January1, 2005 through December31,
2005, at a weighted-average exercise price of $1428 per share.
The
following is a summary of option activity for the years ended December31,
2003, 2004 and 2005:  
Options
Outstanding
Weighted
Average
ExercisePrice
Outstanding at
December31, 2002
649,500
$
577
Granted
12,500
494
Canceled
104,000
840
Exercised
Outstanding at December31, 2003
558,000
$
494
Granted
12,500
844
Canceled
2,000
340
Exercised1
79,500
818
Outstanding at December31, 2004
489,000
$
492
Granted
28,500
1428
Canceled
Exercised2
89,866
777
Outstanding at December31, 2005
427,634
$
495
1 Does not include
warrants of 55,000 that were exercised during the fourth quarter of 2004.
2 Does not include
warrants of 79,500 that were exercised during 2005. 59 GAMING PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued
Note 11. Stock
Option Programs and Warrants Continued
The
following table summarizes information concerning currently outstanding and
exercisable options 
OptionsOutstanding
OptionsExercisable
Average
Weighted
Weighted
Rangeof
Remaining
Average
Average
Exercise
Number
Contractual
Exercise
Number
Exercise
Prices
Outstanding
Life
Price
Exercisable
Price
$169 to $399
329,500
357
$
336
129,500
$
329
$400 to $799
16,500
502
448
16,500
448
$800 to $1199
48,134
197
891
48,134
891
$1200 to $1599
25,000
647
1394
19,000
1430
$1600 to $1999
8,500
919
1865
8,500
1865
Total
427,634
524
$
495
221,634
$
613
As of December31, 2005 and 2004, a maximum of
1,000,000 and 150,000 shares, of common stock have been reserved for issuance
under the Incentive Plan and the Directors Plan, respectively. The Incentive
Plan expired on January 30, 2004, except as to the stock options outstanding on
that date. None of the options can be granted at less than the fair market
value of our common stock on the date of grant.
Pursuant to the terms of his employment agreement, our
Chief Executive Officer was granted 100,000 stock options in 2002 under our
Incentive Plan, which vest if and when we report the audited net profit after
tax of at least $20 million. These performance-based options are therefore
subject to variable accounting. Compensation expense of $778,000 was recorded
in the fourth quarter of 2005 when we assessed that it was probable that the
performance vesting condition would be met. The compensation expense was
measured based on the intrinsic value of the performance options as of December31,
2005.
Prior to the Combination with GPI-SAS, GPIC had
granted options, warrants, or other convertible securities or rights to
purchase GPIC common stock to some of GPI-USAs employees and directors. As
part of the consideration for the GPI-SAS shares in connection with the
Combination, GPIC issued to the former stockholders of GPI-SAS, antidilutive warrants to purchase that number of
shares of GPIC common stock which equals the total number of shares of GPIC
common stock issuable pursuant those options, warrants, or other convertible
securities or rights to purchase GPIC common stock which were outstanding
immediately prior to the closing. The former stockholders of GPI-SAS can only
exercise those antidilutive warrants, however, if, when and to the extent that
GPIC issues common stock upon exercise or conversion of any of those options,
warrants, securities or rights. The antidilutive warrants will expire
30days after the date on which GPIC notifies the antidilutive warrant
holder that the last of those options, warrants, securities or rights has been
exercised, canceled or terminated. The purpose of the warrants is to provide
antidilutive protection to the former stockholders of GPI-SAS in the event any
of those options; warrants, securities or rights are exercised after the
closing.
The former GPI-SAS
stockholders were issued warrants to purchase an aggregate of 459,610 shares,
of which 84,610 warrants were immediately exercised at the close of the
Combination, 55,000 warrants were exercised in the fourth quarter of 2004, and
79,500 warrants were exercised during 2005. In addition, 149,000 warrants were
cancelled or terminated on November17, 2005, leaving a balance of 91,500
warrants exercisable at December31, 2005. In the fourth quarter of 2005,
21,366 designated stock options were exercised, of which 21,366 antidiluted warrants
may be exercised in 2006 at $001 per share. 60  GAMING PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued Note 12. Allowance for
Doubtful Accounts
We record, based on periodic
reviews of our accounts receivables, allowances for estimated uncollectible
trade accounts receivable. A summary of provisions for estimated bad debts and
the related write-offs related to the allowance for doubtful accounts are as
follows in thousands 
YearsEndedDecember31,
Beginning
ofYear
Balance
Provisions
Write-offs,
Netof
Recoveries
End
ofYear
Balance
2005
$
296
$
189
$
87
$
398
2004
$
382
$
37
$
123
$
296
2003
$
390
$
48
$
56
$
382
Note 13. Related Party
Transactions
Ron-Lyn Enterprises, a company co-owned by Ron Coiro,
former employee and East Coast Sales Manager of GPI-USA, provided
miscellaneous table game plastic accessories to GPI-SAS, including
dealing shoes, money paddles and discard holders. Since December31, 2004,
we have not purchased any products from Ron-Lyn Enterprises. For the fiscal
years ended December31, 2005, 2004 and 2003, GPI-USA paid Mr.Coiro,
through Ron-Lyn Enterprises, approximately $0, $186,000 and $113,300,
respectively.
We lease our main 34,000 square foot manufacturing
facility located in San Luis Rio Colorado, Mexico from an entity controlled by
the family of Frank Moreno, General Manager of GPI-Mexico. The current
lease was extended in April2004, for an additional five years at the same
monthly rent amount of approximately $035 per square foot, or $12,000. If we
elect, at our discretion, to use more or less square footage, our rent will be
increased or decreased accordingly. On March1, 2006, we amended our
current lease for an additional 17,500 square feet. This extension has the same
five term period at the same monthly rent amount of approximately $035 per
square feet, or $6,100. We also own an approximately 66,000 square foot
facility used for the manufacture of playing cards, tables, and layouts
products that is adjacent to the leased building.
Neither Mr.Coiro nor
Mr.Moreno is a director or executive officer. The charter of the Board of
Directors requires the Audit Committee to review related party transactions
involving our directors and executive officers.
Note 14. Business Segments
SFAS No131, Disclosures About Segments of an
Enterprise and Related Information requires public business enterprises to
report selected reporting information about operating segments in annual
financial statements and requires public business enterprises to report
selected information about operating segments in interim and annual financial
reports. We manufacture and sell casino table game equipment and have determined
that we operate in one operating segment, which is casino game equipment
products. The segment is comprised of the following product lines: casino
chips, table layouts, playing cards, gaming furniture, dice, and table
accessories and other products. Although the Company derives its revenues from
a number of different product lines, the Company does not allocate resources
based on the operating results from the individual product lines nor does it
manage each individual product line as a separate business unit. 61  GAMING PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued Note 14. Business Segments Continued
The following tables
present certain data by geographic area as of and for the periods ended December31
in thousands 
2005
2004
2003
Net sales to external
customers:
U.S.A.
$
28,675
$
23,609
$
23,505
Europe
4,802
4,921
4,146
Asia
20,523
12,513
6,134
Other1
3,121
3,542
2,386
Total consolidated net
sales to external customers
$
57,121
$
44,585
$
36,171
1 Includes
Canada, Africa, Australia, South America and other countries.  
2005
2004
Property and
equipment, net:
United States
$
6,311
$
5,140
Europe
3,547
2,960
Mexico
1,354
1,369
Total
$
11,212
$
9,469
62  GAMING PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued Note 15. Pension Plan
GPI-SAS
sponsors a noncontributing, defined benefit plan for both its salaried and
hourly-rated employees who meet certain age and service requirements. The
plan calls for benefits to be paid to eligible employees at retirement based on
years of participation and compensation rates in the last years prior to
retirement. The following amounts relate to GPI-SASs defined benefit
pension plan in thousands 
December31,
2005
2004
2003
Change in benefit
obligation:
Benefit obligation at beginning of year
$
219
$
139
$
90
Service cost
20
63
28
Interest cost
9
Actuarial loss
7
Benefits paid
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes
31
17
21
Benefit obligation at end of year
224
219
139
Change in plan assets:
Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year
468
419
334
Actual return on plan assets
15
15
13
Benefits paid
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes
64
34
72
Fair value of plan assets at end of year 1
419
468
419
Funded status
195
249
280
Unrecognized transition asset as of April1998,
being recognized over 15 years 
110
146
152
Prepaid benefit
cost
$
85
$
103
$
128
1 Comprised
of equity securities. 
Weighted-average
assumptions:
Discount rate
425
%
45
%
45
%
Expected return on plan assets
35
%
35
%
35
%
Rate of
compensation increase
20
%
20
%
15
%
Net
pension expense for the years ended December31 consists of the following
in thousands:  
2005
2004
2003
Service cost-benefits
earned during the period
$
20
$
18
$
17
Interest expense
on benefit obligation
9
8
8
Expected return
on plan assets
15
14
13
Actuarial loss
7
37
3
Amortization of
unrecognized transition asset
16
18
15
Total
$
5
$
31
$
63  GAMING PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued Note 15. Pension Plan
Continued
In accordance with Mexican
Labor Law, we provide seniority premium benefits to our employees under certain
circumstances. These benefits consist of a one-time payment equivalent to 12
days wages for each year of service at the employees most recent salary, but
not to exceed twice the legal minimum wage, payable to all employees who are
involuntarily terminated, with 15 or more years of service. At December31,
2005, 2004 and 2003, we had seniority premium benefits accrued of approximately
$134,000 for all three years.
We maintain a 401kplan
for employees in the United States who work over one year and are 21 years of
age or older. During 2003, the former Paul-Son Gaming Supplies,Inc. plan
and the former Bud Jones Company plan were combined into one plan. Contributions
to the plan were based on the amounts contributed by the eligible employees.
Eligible employees could elect to contribute up to the lesser of the IRS limit
or fifteen percent of their earnings into the plan. We contribute $050 for
each $100 contributed by a participant in the plan up to four percent of the
participants wages. The 401kemployer contributions in the U.S. made
during the period ending December31, 2005 and 2004 under the combined
plan were $48,000 and $36,000 respectively for the GPI-USA plan. The 401kemployee
contributions in the U.S made during the year ended December31, 2003
under the former Paul-Son Gaming Supplies,Inc. plan was $19,000.
Selected
Quarterly Financial Information 
YearEndedDecember31,2005
First
Second
Third
Fourth
Total
Net revenues
$
12,291
$
15,187
$
13,415
$
16,228
$
57,121
Gross profit
4,833
6,917
4,926
6,305
22,981
Operating income
1,082
2,820
455
1,482
5,839
Net income
$
502
$
1,482
$
246
$
2,098
$
4,328
Basic net income
per common share
$
006
$
019
$
003
$
027
$
055
Diluted net income per
common share
$
006
$
018
$
003
$
026
$
053
YearEndedDecember31,2004
First
Second
Third
Fourth
Total
Net revenues
$
7,326
$
14,843
$
9,250
$
13,166
$
44,585
Gross profit
2,678
6,648
3,122
4,888
17,336
Operating income
loss
434
3,055
351
1,806
4,076
Net income loss
$
470
$
1,940
$
111
$
1,255
$
2,614
Basic net income
loss per common share
$
006
$
026
$
001
$
016
$
034
Diluted net income
loss per common share
$
006
$
025
$
001
$
016
$
034
In the second and fourth quarters of 2004 and 2005,
the increases in net revenues were primarily due to the new larger casino
openings in the United States and in Asia. 64 Item 1.
Business.
1
Item
1.A.
Risk Factors.
14
Item 1.B.
Unresolved Staff Comments.
17
Item 2.
Properties.
17
Item
3.
Legal
Proceedings.
18
Item 4. Controls and Procedures.
The Company maintains disclosure controls and
procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
in our reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time period specified in the SECs rules and
forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial
Officer.
Company management, including the Chief Executive
Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, has conducted an evaluation of the
effectiveness of disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act
Rule 13a-15c as of December 31, 2005. Based on that evaluation, the Chief
Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer concluded that the disclosure
controls and procedures are not effective in ensuring that all material
information required to be filed in this annual report has been made known to
them in a timely fashion, due to the following matter. 
In March 2006, in connection with the Companys
preparation of this Form 10-K, the Company became aware of a material weakness
relating to the Companys internal controls over its financial reporting
involving the design and operation of controls over share-based payment
accounting. Specifically, the controls in place were not adequate to ensure
that the correct accounting treatment was used for stock options conditioned on
the Company attaining a specific performance target, which were granted to the
Chief Executive Officer in September 2002 see Item12. Prior to filing
this Form 10-K, the Company has determined that variable accounting is required
with respect to these particular stock options in order to comply with
generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. The
Company recorded the resulting compensation expense in the fourth quarter of
2005, which was the proper period. Therefore, the Company has appropriately
recognized the expense in the financial statements included in this Form 10-K.
The Company has not granted any other such
performance-based stock options or similar securities that have unknown vesting
dates to any other employee or person and the chances of this reoccurring in
the future is remote. Nonetheless, the Company intends to implement procedures
to remediate the ineffective disclosure controls to assure that the financial
reporting for all share-based compensation is in compliance with generally
accepted accounting principles in the United States of America.
There were no changes in
internal controls over financial reporting during the fourth fiscal quarter of
2005 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, the Companys internal controls over financial reporting.
Item 1.
Business.
1
Item
1.A.
Risk Factors.
14
Item 1.B.
Unresolved Staff Comments.
17
Item 2.
Properties.
17
Item
3.
Legal
Proceedings.
18
Item 4. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant.
The sections labeled Nominees for Election of
Directors, Board of Directors and Committees of the Board, Compliance with Section16aof
the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 and Executive Officers of our
definitive Proxy Statement to be filed within 120 days after our fiscal year
end of December31, 2005, are incorporated herein by reference. 65 We have adopted a Code of
Ethics that applies to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer,
Corporate Controller and other finance organization employees and a Code of
Conduct that applies to all employees. The form of the Code of Ethics,
including the Code of Conduct, is publicly available on our website at www.gpigaming.com. If we make any substantive amendments to
the Code of Ethics or grant any waiver, including any implicit waiver, from a
provision of the Code of Ethics to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial
Officer or Corporate Controller, we will disclose the nature of such amendment
or waiver on that website. Our Corporate Governance charters for the Audit and
Nominating and Governance Committees of the Board of Directors can also be
found on our website.
