Item8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.  The financial statements and supplementary data required by this item are set forth at the end of this Annual Report on Form 10-K beginning on page F-1.
We have agreed to indemnify and hold KPMG LLP harmless against
and from any and all legal costs and expenses incurred by KPMG LLP in successful defense of any legal action or proceeding that arises as a result of KPMG LLPs consent to the incorporation by reference of its audit report on our past financial
statements incorporated by reference herein.  Item9.
Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.  KPMG LLP KPMG was previously our principal accountants. On October26,
2004, the Audit Committee approved the dismissal of KPMG as our principal accountants upon the acceptance by BDO Seidman, LLP of its appointment to serve in such capacity. The decision to change auditors was recommended and approved by the Audit
Committee.  The audit report of KPMG on our consolidated
financial statements as of and for the fiscal year ended June30, 2004 did not contain any adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion, nor were they qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principles.  In connection with the audit of the fiscal year ended June30, 2004 and
the subsequent interim period through October26, 2004, there were no disagreements or reportable events with KPMG on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing scope or procedures, which
disagreements if not resolved to KPMGs satisfaction would have caused KPMG to make reference in connection with its opinion to the subject matter of the disagreement or reportable event, except as described below:  In performing its audit of our consolidated financial statements for the year
ended June30, 2004, KPMG noted a matter involving our internal controls that it considered to be a reportable condition. A reportable condition, which may or may not be determined to be a material weakness, involves matters
relating to significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal controls that, in KPMGs judgment, could adversely affect our ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data consistent with the assertions of
management in the financial statements. The reportable conditions, which were not considered by us to be material weaknesses, noted that we do not have adequate internal controls over the application of new accounting principles or the application
of existing accounting principles to new transactions. Specifically, KPMG noted that in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2004 we recognized $113,000 in franchise revenue related to a terminated area development agreement when it should have been
recognized in the first fiscal quarter, which resulted in the 
38 Table of Contents
restatement of our first fiscal quarter results. It also noted that we had not fully addressed the impact of accounting for the warrants associated with the
convertible debt issued in May 2004, and had not timely completed the assessment necessary to implement Financial Accounting Standards Board Interpretation No46 revised December 2003, Consolidation of Variable Interest
Entities. We authorized KPMG to respond fully to the inquiries of BDO Seidman, LLP regarding the events described above.  For the fiscal year ended June30, 2004 and the subsequent interim period through October26, 2004, we did not consult with BDO Seidman, LLP
regarding the application of accounting principles to a specified transaction, type of audit opinion that might be rendered on our financial statements, or any other accounting, auditing or reporting matters.  