ITEM8.FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.CARRIAGE SERVICES, INC.INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSPageCONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms50Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December31, 2014 and 201553Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December31, 2013, 2014 and 201554Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2013, 2014 and 201555Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December31, 2013, 2014 and 201556Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements5749Table of ContentsReport of Independent Registered Public Accounting FirmBoard of Directors and StockholdersCarriage Services, Inc.:We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Carriage Services, Inc. a Delaware corporation and subsidiaries the Company as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2015. Our audits of the basic consolidated financial statements included the financial statement schedule for the two years in the period ended December 31, 2015 listed in the index appearing under 2. These financial statements and financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Companys management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audit.We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Carriage Services, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2015 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2015, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein.We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the Companys internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control-Integrated Frameworkissued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO, and our report dated February 23, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion./s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP Houston, TexasFebruary23, 201650Table of ContentsReport of Independent Registered Public Accounting FirmThe Board of Directors and StockholdersCarriage Services, Inc.:We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Carriage Services, Inc. a Delaware corporation and subsidiaries the Company as of December 31, 2015, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control-Integrated Frameworkissued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO. The Companys management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Managements Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Companys internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.A companys internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A companys internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that 1 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 2 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 3 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the companys assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control-Integrated Frameworkissued by COSO.We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended December 31, 2015, and our report dated February 23, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements./s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP Houston, TexasFebruary23, 201651Table of ContentsReport of Independent Registered Public Accounting FirmThe Board of Directors and StockholdersCarriage Services, Inc.:We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows of Carriage Services, Inc. and subsidiaries the Company for the year ended December 31, 2013. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Companys management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audit.We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the results of operations and the cash flows of Carriage Services, Inc. and subsidiaries for the year ended December 31, 2013, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles./s/ KPMG LLPHouston, TexasMarch 5, 2014 except for the impact pertaining to the restatement of discontinued operations in the consolidated statement of operations and Notes 1, 5, 17, 20, 21 and 22, as to which the date is February 25, 201552Table of ContentsCARRIAGE SERVICES, INC.CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS in thousands, except share  assets:Cash and cash equivalents$413$535Accounts receivable, net of allowance for bad debts of $1,127 in 2014 and $1,054 in  expenses4,5904,684Other current assets7,1444,707Total current assets36,70533,761Preneed cemetery trust  funeral trust  receivables, net of allowance for bad debts of $2,339 in 2014 and $2,042 in 201526,28427,998Receivables from preneed trusts, net of allowance for contract cancellations of $396 in 2014 and $419 in 201512,80913,544Property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of $95,249 in 2014 and $103,306 in 2015186,211214,874Cemetery property, net of accumulated amortization of $26,875 in 2014 and $30,289 in  charges and other non-current assets14,26415,192Cemetery perpetual care trust investments48,67043,127Total  AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITYCurrent liabilities:Current portion of long-term debt and capital lease  payable6,4727,917Other liabilities1,437524Accrued liabilities15,20316,541Total current  debt, net of current  credit  subordinated notes due 2021114,542117,996Obligations under capital leases, net of current portion3,0982,875Deferred preneed cemetery revenue56,87556,721Deferred preneed funeral revenue31,26531,748Deferred tax liability36,41439,956Other long-term liabilities2,4015,531Deferred preneed cemetery receipts held in trust71,97263,291Deferred preneed funeral receipts held in trust97,60785,553Care trusts corpus48,14242,416Total  and contingencies:Stockholders equity:Common stock, $01 par value; 80,000,000 shares authorized; 22,434,609 and 22,497,873 issued as of December31, 2014 and 2015, respectively224225Additional paid-in capital212,386214,250Retained earnings  stock, at cost; 3,921,651 shares at December31, 2014 and 5,849,316 shares at December 31, 201515,26760,266Total stockholders equity179,875157,594Total liabilities and stockholders equity$827,528$837,353The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements53Table of ContentsCARRIAGE SERVICES, INC.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONSin thousands, except per share dataYear Ended  costs and  and  and unallocated funeral and cemetery   costs and expenses:General, administrative and other25,92328,91527,114Home office depreciation and    of discount on convertible subordinated notes2,4523,454Loss on early extinguishment of debt and other costs1,042Loss on redemption of convertible junior subordinated debentures3,779Other, net8156745Total interest and other,  from continuing operations before income  for income  tax benefit related to uncertain tax positions1,740Net provision for income  income from continuing  from discontinued operations, net of tax4,176392Net  stock dividend4Net income available to common  earnings per common share:Continuing  operations023002Basic earnings per common share$106$086$116Diluted earnings per common share:Continuing  operations018002Diluted earnings per common share$100$085$112Dividends declared per share$010$010$010Weighted average number of common and common equivalent shares  accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements54Table of ContentsCARRIAGE SERVICES, INC.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITYin   December31,  Income 201319,29219,292Issuance of common stock11411,3931,394Exercise of stock options45Issuance of restricted common stock6311Cancellation and retirement of restricted common  vesting of restricted common stock and options667667Amortization of restricted common stock1,3401,340Stock-based compensation expense1,2961,296Dividends on common stock1,8171,817Excess tax benefit on equity compensation613613Balance December31,  Income 201415,83815,838Issuance of common stock701,1101,110Exercise of stock options68363363Issuance of restricted common stock20022Cancellation and retirement of restricted common  vesting of restricted common stock and options2727Amortization of restricted common stock1,8061,806Stock-based compensation expense2,6162,616Dividends on common  stock award  subordinated notes due 202117,97317,973Excess tax benefit on equity compensation3,9903,990Balance December31,  Income 201520,85320,853Issuance of common stock531981982Exercise of stock options43Issuance of restricted common stock4315051Cancellation and retirement of restricted common  of restricted common stock1,5671,567Stock-based compensation expense2,6282,628Dividends on common stock1,8191,819Treasury stock  tax benefit on equity compensation6464Balance December31,  accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements55Table of ContentsCARRIAGE SERVICES, INC.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWSin thousandsFor the Years Ended December31,201320142015Cash flows from operating activities:Net  to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:Depreciation and  on sale of businesses and purchase of other  of goodwill1001,180Loss on early extinguishment of debt and other costs1,042Amortization of deferred financing costs362908921Accretion of discount on convertible subordinated notes2,4523,454Provision for losses on accounts  compensation  income tax expense12,5725,2953,035Loss on redemption of convertible junior subordinated debentures2,932Other85Changes in operating assets and liabilities that provided required cash:Accounts and preneed  and other current  charges and other35165150Preneed funeral and cemetery trust  payable1,1425621,445Accrued and other  preneed funeral and cemetery revenue1,187303329Deferred preneed funeral and cemetery receipts held in trust2,2661,48426,461Net cash provided by operating  flows from investing activities:Acquisitions and land for new  of land and buildings previously leased7,6006,080Net proceeds from sale of businesses and other assets10,1842,19265Capital  cash used in investing  flows from financing activities:Net payments borrowings on the revolving credit facility7,8003,60052,100Net borrowings payments on the term loan3,3139,375Proceeds from the issuance of convertible subordinated notes143,750Payment of debt issuance costs related to the convertible subordinated notes4,650Payments on long-term debt and obligations under capital  of convertible junior subordinated debentures89,748Payments for performance-based stock awards16,150Proceeds from the exercise of stock options and employee stock purchase plan  on common  on redeemable preferred stock4Payment of loan origination costs62182513Excess tax benefit of equity  of treasury stock44,999Net cash provided by used in financing  decrease increase in cash and cash equivalents321964122Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year1,6981,377413Cash and cash equivalents at end of year$1,377$413$535The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements56Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIESThe CompanyCarriage Services, Inc. Carriage, the Company, we, us, or our is a leading provider of deathcare services and merchandise in the United States. At December 31, 2015, we operated 167funeral homes in 27states and 32cemeteries in 11states.Our operations are reported in twobusiness segments: Funeral Home Operations and Cemetery Operations. Funeral homes are principally service businesses that provide funeral services traditional burial and cremation and sell related merchandise, such as caskets and urns. Cemeteries are primarily a sales business providing interment rights grave sites and mausoleums and related merchandise, such as markers and memorials.Principles of ConsolidationThe accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements include the Company and its subsidiaries. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.Funeral and Cemetery OperationsWe record the revenue from sales of funeral and cemetery merchandise and services when the merchandise is delivered or the service is performed. Sales of cemetery interment rights are recorded as revenue in accordance with the retail land sales provisions for accounting for sales of real estate. This method provides for the recognition of revenue in the period in which the customers cumulative payments exceed 10%of the contract price related to the interment right. Costs related to the sales of interment rights, which include real property and other costs related to cemetery development activities, are charged to operations using the specific identification method in the period in which the sale of the interment right is recognized as revenue. Sales taxes collected are recognized on a net basis in our Consolidated Financial Statements.Allowances for bad debts and customer cancellations are provided at the date that the sale is recognized as revenue and are based on our historical experience and the current economic environment. We also monitor changes in delinquency rates and provide additional bad debt and cancellation reserves when warranted. When preneed sales of funeral services and merchandise are funded through third-party insurance policies, we earn a commission on the sale of the policies. Insurance commissions are recognized as revenues at the point at which the commission is no longer subject to refund, which is typically one year after the policy is issued. Preneed selling costs consist of sales commissions that we pay our sales counselors and other direct related costs of originating preneed sales contracts. These costs are expensed as incurred.Accounts receivable included approximately $100 millionand $82 millionof funeral receivables at December 31, 2014and 2015, respectively, and $91 millionand $97 millionof cemetery receivables at December 31, 2014and 2015, respectively. For 2014and 2015, accounts receivable also include minor amounts of other receivables. Non-current preneed receivables represent the payments expected to be received beyond oneyear from the balance sheet date. Non-current preneed receivables consisted of approximately $74 millionand $73 millionof funeral receivables and $189 millionand $207 millionof cemetery receivables at December 31, 2014and 2015, respectively. Bad debt expense from our accounts receivables totaled approximately $20 million, $29 millionand $17 millionfor 2013, 2014and 2015, respectively.Preneed ContractsWe sell interment rights, merchandise and services prior to the time of need, which is referred to as preneed. In many instances the customer pays for the preneed contract over a period of time. Cash proceeds from preneed sales less amounts that we may retain under state regulations are deposited to a trust or used to purchase a third-party insurance policy. The principal and accumulated earnings of the trusts are generally withdrawn at maturity death or cancellation. The cumulative trust income earned and the increases in insurance benefits on the insurance products are deferred until the service is performed. The customer receivables and amounts deposited in trusts that we control are primarily included in the non-current asset section of our Consolidated Balance Sheets. The preneed funeral contracts secured by third party insurance policies are not recorded as assets or liabilities of the Company.In the opinion of management, the proceeds from the trust funds and the insurance policies at the time the preneed contracts mature will exceed the estimated future costs to perform services and provide products under such arrangements. The types of securities in which the trusts may invest are regulated by state agencies57Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continuedPreneed Funeral and Cemetery Trust FundsOur preneed and perpetual care trust funds are reported in accordance with the principles of consolidating Variable Interest Entities VIEs. In the case of preneed trusts, the customers are the legal beneficiaries. In the case of perpetual care trusts, we do not have a right to access the corpus in the perpetual care trusts. We have recognized financial interests of third parties in the trust funds in our financial statements as Deferred preneed funeral and cemetery receipts held in trustand Care trusts corpus. The investments of such trust funds are classified as available-for-sale and are reported at fair market value; therefore, the unrealized gains and losses, as well as accumulated and undistributed income and realized gains and losses are recorded to Deferred preneed funeral and cemetery receipts held in trustand Care trusts corpuson our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Our future obligations to deliver merchandise and services are reported at estimated settlement amounts. Preneed funeral and cemetery trust investments are reduced by the trust investment earnings that we have been allowed to withdraw in certain states prior to maturity. These earnings, along with preneed contract collections not required to be placed in trust, are recorded in Deferred preneed funeral revenueand Deferred preneed cemetery revenueuntil the service is performed or the merchandise is delivered.In accordance with respective state laws, we are required to deposit a specified amount into perpetual and memorial care trust funds for each interment/entombment right and certain memorials sold. Income from the trust funds is distributed to us and used to provide for the care and maintenance of the cemeteries and mausoleums. Such trust fund income is recognized as revenue when realized by the trust and distributable to us. We are restricted from withdrawing any of the principal balances of these funds.An enterprise is required to perform an analysis to determine whether the enterprises variable interests give it a controlling financial interest in a VIE.This analysis identifies the primary beneficiary of a VIE as the enterprise that has both the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the entitys economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses of the entity that could potentially be significant to the VIE or the right to receive benefits from the entity that could potentially be significant to the VIE.Our analysis continues to support our position as the primary beneficiary in the majority of our funeral and cemetery trust funds.Trust management fees are earned by us for investment management and advisory services that are provided by our wholly-owned registered investment advisor CSV RIA. As of December31, 2015, CSV RIA provided these services to twoinstitutions, which have custody of 79%of our trust assets, for a fee based on the market value of trust assets. Under state trust laws, we are allowed to charge the trust a fee for advising on the investment of the trust assets and these fees are recognized as income in the period in which services are provided.We determine whether or not the assets in the preneed trusts have an other-than-temporary impairment on a security-by-security basis. This assessment is made based upon a number of criteria including the length of time a security has been in a loss position, changes in market conditions and concerns related to the specific issuer. If a loss is considered to be other-than-temporary, the cost basis of the security is adjusted downward to its fair market value. Any reduction in the cost basis of the investment due to an other-than-temporary impairment is likewise recorded as a reduction in Deferred preneed cemetery receipts held in trust or Deferred preneed funeral receipts held in trust. There will be no impact on earnings unless and until such time that the investment is withdrawn from the trust in accordance with state regulations at an amount that is less than its original basis. Cash and Cash EquivalentsWe consider all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of threemonths or less to be cash  consists primarily of caskets, outer burial containers and cemetery monuments and markers and is recorded at the lower of its cost basis determined by the specific identification method or net realizable value.Property, Plant and EquipmentProperty, plant and equipment including equipment under capital leases are stated at cost. The costs of ordinary maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as incurred, while renewals and betterments are capitalized. Depreciation of property, plant and equipment including equipment under capital leases is computed based on the straight-line method over the following estimated useful lives of the assets:YearsBuildings and improvements15to40Furniture and fixtures5 to 10Machinery and equipment3 to 15Automobiles5 to 758Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continuedProperty, plant and equipment was comprised of the following at December 31, 2014and 2015:December 31, 2014December 31, 2015in  and  equipment and  plant and equipment, at cost281,460318,180Less: accumulated  plant and equipment, net$186,211$214,874During 2013, 2014and 2015, we recorded approximately $88million, $92million and $104million, respectively, of depreciation expense against operating income.Long-lived assets, such as property, plant and equipment subject to depreciation and amortization, are reviewed for impairment at least annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable in accordance with the Property, Plant and Equipment Topic of the Accounting Standards Codification ASC 360. This guidance requires that long-lived assets to be held and used are reported at the lower of their carrying amount or fair value. We assess long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value may be greater than the fair value. We evaluate our long-lived assets for impairment when a funeral home business has negative earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA for four consecutive years and if there has been a decline in EBITDA for four consecutive years. For our cemetery business, we analyze the long-lived assets for impairment if the business has a negative operating margin and a decline in operating margin over a four year period. We review our long-lived assets deemed held-for-sale to the point of recoverability. Assets to be disposed of and assets not expected to provide any future service potential are recorded at the lower of their carrying amount or fair value less estimated cost to sell. If we determine that the carrying value is not recoverable from the proceeds of the sale, we record an impairment at that time. For the year ended December 31, 2015, noimpairments were identified on our long-lived assets.Income TaxesWe and our subsidiaries file a consolidated United States Federal income tax return, separate income tax returns in 14states in which we operate and combined or unitary income tax returns in 13states in which we operate. We record deferred taxes for temporary differences between the tax basis and financial reporting basis of assets and liabilities.We record a valuation allowance to reflect the estimated amount of deferred tax assets for which realization is uncertain.Management reviews the valuation allowance at the end of each quarter and makes adjustments if it is determined that it is more likely than not that the tax benefits will be realized.We analyze tax benefits for uncertain tax positions and how they are to be recognized, measured and derecognized in financial statements; provide certain disclosures of uncertain tax matters; and specify how reserves for uncertain tax positions should be classified on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.We have reviewed our income tax positions and identified certain tax deductions, primarily related to business acquisitions that are not certain.Our policy with respect to potential penalties and interest is to record them as Other expense and Interest expense, respectively. The entire balance of unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized, would affect our effective tax rate.On August 1, 2014, we received notification that the Internal Revenue Service IRS completed its examination of our tax year ended December 31, 2011. As a result, we recognized a tax benefit of $17 millionwhich reduced our effective tax rate for the year ended December31, 2014. Additionally, we recognized a credit to interest expense of $06 millionrelated to the settled portion of the uncertain tax position. We do not anticipate a material change in our unrecognized tax benefits during the next twelve months. See Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for additional information concerning our income taxes59Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continuedStock Plans and Stock-Based CompensationWe have stock-based employee and director compensation plans under which we may grant restricted stock, stock options, performance awards and our employee stock purchase plan under which stock may be purchased. We recognize compensation expense in an amount equal to the fair value of the share-based awards expected to vest over the requisite service period. Fair value is determined on the date of the grant. The fair value of options or awards containing options is determined using the Black-Scholes valuation model. The fair value of the performance awards is determined using a Monte-Carlo simulation pricing model.See Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for additional information on our stock-based compensation plans.Computation of Earnings Per Common ShareBasic earnings per share is computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is computed using the weighted average number of common and dilutive common equivalent shares outstanding during the period. Dilutive common equivalent shares consist of stock options, convertible junior subordinated debentures and our Convertible Notes.Share-based awards that contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends or dividend equivalents, whether paid or unpaid,are recognized as participating securities and included in the computation of both basic and diluted earnings per share.Our grants of restricted stock awards to our employees and directors are considered participating securities, and we have prepared our earnings per share calculations attributable to common stockholders to exclude outstanding unvested restricted stock awards, using the two-class method, in both the basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding calculation.The fully diluted weighted average shares outstanding for the year ended December31, 2015, and the corresponding calculation of fully diluted earnings per share, included approximately 03 millionshares that would have been issued upon the conversion of our Convertible Notes as a result of the application of the if-converted method prescribed by the FASB ASC 260. There were noshares for the year ended December31, 2014that would have been issued upon conversion under the if-converted method for our Convertible Notes.The fully diluted weighted average shares outstanding for the year ended December31, 2013, and the corresponding calculation of fully diluted earnings per share, included approximately 44 millionshares that would have been issued upon conversion of our convertible junior subordinated debentures as a result of the application of the if-converted method prescribed by the FASB ASC 260. The convertible junior subordinated debentures were redeemed in March and April 2014. As a result, there was no impact on our calculation of fully diluted earnings per share for the years ended December31, 2014and 2015. See Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for the computation of per share earnings for the fiscal years ended December31, 2013, 2014and 2015.Fair Value MeasurementsWe measure the available-for-sale securities held by our funeral merchandise and service, cemetery merchandise and service, and cemetery perpetual care trusts at fair value on a recurring basis in accordance with the Fair Value Measurements Topic of the ASC. This guidance defines fair value as the price that would be received in the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date for items that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements on a recurring basis at least annually. The guidance establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosure of fair value measurements. The valuation hierarchy is based upon the transparency of inputs to the valuation of an asset or liability as of the measurement date. The three levels are defined as follows: Level 1 inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices unadjusted for identical assets or liabilities in active markets; Level 2 inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument; and Level 3 inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement.We disclose the extent to which fair value is used to measure financial assets and liabilities, the inputs utilized in calculating valuation measurements, and the effect of the measurement of significant unobservable inputs on earnings, or changes in net assets, as of the measurement date. The fair value disclosures of transfers in and out of Levels 1 and 2 and the gross presentation of purchases, sales, issuances and settlements in the Level 3 reconciliation of the three-tier fair value hierarchy are also presented in Notes 6 and 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. We currently do not have any assets that have fair values 60Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continueddetermined by Level 3 inputs and noliabilities measured at fair value. We have not elected to measure any additional financial instruments and certain other items at fair value that are not currently required to be measured at fair value.To determine the fair value of assets and liabilities in an environment where the volume and level of activity for the asset or liability have significantly decreased, the exit price is used as the fair value measurement. For the year ended December 31, 2015, we did not incur significant decreases in the volume or level of activity of any asset or liability. We consider an impairment of debt and equity securities other-than-temporary unless awe have the ability and intent to hold an investment and bevidence indicating the cost of the investment is recoverable before we are more likely than not required to sell the investment. If an impairment is indicated, then an adjustment is made to reduce the carrying amount to fair value. For the years ended December31, 2014and 2015, we recorded impairment charges of $04 millionand $18 million, respectively, for other-than-temporary declines in fair value related to unrealized losses on certain investments.In the ordinary course of business, we are typically exposed to a variety of market risks. Currently, these are primarily related to changes in fair market values related to outstanding debts and changes in the values of securities associated with the preneed and perpetual care trusts. Management is actively involved in monitoring exposure to market risk and developing and utilizing risk management techniques when appropriate and when available for a reasonable price. Additional required disclosures are provided in Notes 6, 10 and 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements herein. Business CombinationsTangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at fair value and goodwill is recognized for any difference between the price of the acquisition and fair value. We recognize the assets acquired, the liabilities assumed and any non-controlling interest in the acquiree at the acquisition date, measured at the fair value as of that date. Acquisition related costs are recognized separately from the acquisition and are expensed as incurred. We customarily estimate related transaction costs known at closing. To the extent that information not available to us at the closing date subsequently becomes available during the allocation period, we may adjust goodwill, intangible assets, assets or liabilities associated with the acquisition.During 2015, we acquired two funeral home businesses, one in Clarksville, Tennessee in February 2015 and one in Wake Forest, North Carolina in November 2015. See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements herein for further information concerning these acquisitions.Discontinued OperationsEffective January 1, 2015, we adopted the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB new guidance for reporting discontinued operations. In April 2014, the FASB amended the definition of discontinued operations to include only disposals or held-for-sale classifications for components or groups of components of an entity that represent a strategic shift that either has or will have a major effect on the entity operations or financial results. Examples of a strategic shift that has or will have a major effect on an entity operations and financial results include a disposal of a major geographical area, line of business, equity method of investment or other parts of an entity. The new guidance also requires the disclosure of pre-tax income of disposals that do not qualify as discontinued operations. We continually review locations to optimize the sustainable earning power and return on our invested capital. These reviews could entail selling certain non-strategic businesses. In 2013, we sold sevenfuneral homes, onein California, onein Ohio, onein Kentucky and fourin Kansas and sold onecemetery in Virginia. In 2014, we sold a cemetery in Florida and twofuneral homes, onein Ohio and onein Kentucky. There were nodivestitures of our funeral home or cemetery businesses during the year ended December 31, 2015. For the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2014, we recognized income from discontinued operations of $42 millionand $04 million, respectively. GoodwillThe excess of the purchase price over the fair value of identifiable net assets of funeral home businesses acquired is recorded as goodwill. Goodwill has primarily been recorded in connection with the acquisition of funeral home businesses. Goodwill is tested annually for impairment by assessing the fair value of each of our reporting units. The funeral segment reporting units consist of our East, Central and West regions in the United States and we performed our annual impairment test of goodwill using information as of August31,2015. Under current guidance, we are permitted to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more-likely-than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test. We conducted qualitative assessments in 2014 and 2015; however, for our 2013 annual impairment test, we performed the two-step goodwill impairment test. Our intent is to perform the two-step test at least once every three years unless certain indicators or events suggest otherwise61Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continuedThe two-step goodwill impairment test involves estimates and management judgment. In the first step of our goodwill impairment testing, we compare the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value, including goodwill. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, the goodwill of that reporting unit is not considered impaired, and the second step is not required. We determine fair value for each reporting unit using both a market approach, weighted 70%, and an income approach, weighted 30%. Our methodology for determining a market approach fair value utilizes recent sales transactions in the industry. Our methodology for determining an income-based fair value is based on discounting projected future cash flows. The projected future cash flows include assumptions concerning future operating performance that may differ from actual future cash flows using a weighted average cost of capital for the Company and other public deathcare companies. In accordance with the guidance, if the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the second step of the goodwill impairment testing needs to be performed. This step compares the implied fair value of goodwill to the carrying amount of the reporting units goodwill, and if the carrying amount exceeds the implied value, an impairment charge is recorded in an amount equal to the difference.In addition to our annual review, we assess the impairment of goodwill whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of a reporting unit may be greater than fair value. Factors that could trigger an interim impairment review include, but are not limited to, significant adverse changes in the business climate which may be indicated by a decline in our market capitalization or decline in operating results. No impairments were recorded in relation to our goodwill annual assessment in 2013, 2014or 2015. No such events or changes occurred between the testing date and year end to trigger a subsequent impairment review. For the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2014, we recognized impairments of approximately $01 millionand $12 million, respectively, for discontinued locations as the carrying value exceeded fair value. Upon receipt of a letter of intent to sell a location, we perform an analysis to determine if the net assets of the location exceed the sales price. If the net assets exceed the sales price, we record an impairment at the location level. Intangible AssetsOur intangible assets include tradenames resulting from acquisitions. Our tradenames are included in Deferred costs and other non-current assetson our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Our tradenames are considered to have an indefinite life and are not subject to amortization. We test for impairment of intangible assets annually at year end in accordance with the ASC Intangibles Topic 350. Under current guidance, we are permitted to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more-likely-than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform the two-step impairment test. We conducted qualitative assessments in 2013, 2014 and 2015.In addition to our annual review, we assess the impairment of intangible assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may be greater than the fair value. Factors that could trigger an interim impairment review include, but are not limited to, significant under performance relative to historical results and significant negative industry or economic trends. For the years ended December 31, 2013, 2014 and 2015, no impairments were identified.Use of EstimatesThe preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments, including those related to revenue recognition, realization of accounts receivable, goodwill, intangible assets, property and equipment and deferred tax assets and liabilities. We base our estimates on historical experience, third party data and assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. The results of these considerations form the basis for making judgments about the amount and timing of revenues and expenses, the carrying value of assets and the recorded amounts of liabilities. Actual results may differ from these estimates and such estimates may change if the underlying conditions or assumptions change. Historical performance should not be viewed as indicative of future performance, as there can be no assurance that our results of operations will be consistent from year to year.Subsequent EventsWe have evaluated events and transactions during the period subsequent to December 31, 2015through the date the financial statements were issued for potential recognition or disclosure in the accompanying financial statements covered by this report. For more information regarding subsequent events, see Note 25 to the Consolidated Financial Statements herein. 62Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continued2. RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARDSRecognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities In January 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU, Financial InstrumentsOverall - Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities Topic 825. The amendments in this ASU address certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial instruments and apply to all entities that hold financial assets or owe financial liabilities. The amendments in this ASU also simplify the impairment assessment of equity investments without readily determinable fair values by requiring assessment for impairment qualitatively at each reporting period. That impairment assessment is similar to the qualitative assessment for long-lived assets, goodwill, and indefinite-lived intangible assets. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years, with earlier application permitted for financial statements that have not been issued. An entity should apply the amendments by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to the balance sheet as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. We plan to adopt the provisions of this ASU for our fiscal year beginning January 1, 2018 and are currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this new accounting standard will have on our Consolidated Financial Statements.Classification of Deferred Taxes In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU, Income Taxes - Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes Topic 740. This ASU requires that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position. The amendments eliminate the guidance in Topic 740 that requires an entity to separate deferred tax liabilities and assets into a current amount and a noncurrent amount in a classified statement of financial position. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years, and may be applied either prospectively to all deferred tax liabilities and assets or retrospectively to all periods presented. We plan to adopt the provisions of this ASU for our fiscal year beginning January 1, 2017 and are currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this new accounting standard will have on our Consolidated Financial Statements.Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments for Business CombinationsIn September 2015, the FASB issued ASU, Business Combinations - Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments Topic 805. This ASU applies to all entities that have reported provisional amounts for items in a business combination for which the accounting is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in which the combination occurs and during the measurement period that have an adjustment to provisional amounts recognized. This ASU requires that an acquirer recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. These include the effect on earnings of changes in depreciation, amortization, or other income effects as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. The entity is required to present separately on the face of the income statement or disclose in the notes the portion of the amount recorded in the current period earnings by line item that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment to the provisional amounts had been recognized as of the acquisition date. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, including interim periods within those fiscal years, and should be applied prospectively to adjustments to provisional amounts that occur after the effective date, with earlier application permitted for financial statements that have not been issued. Our adoption of this ASU for our fiscal year beginning January 1, 2016 is not expected to have a material effect on our financial statements.Simplifying the Measurement of InventoryIn July 2015, the FASB issued ASU, Inventory - Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory Topic 330. This ASU applies to all inventory, including inventory that is measured using the first-in, first-out FIFO or average cost method. This ASU does not apply to the last-in, first-out LIFO or the retail inventory method. This ASU requires an entity to measure inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years, and should be applied prospectively, with earlier application permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. Our adoption of this ASU for our fiscal year beginning January 1, 2017 is not expected to have a material effect on our financial statements.Presentation of Debt Issuance CostsIn April 2015, the FASB issued ASU, Interest - Imputation of Interest Subtopic 835-30: Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs. To simplify the presentation of debt issuance costs, this ASU requires that entities that have historically presented debt issuance costs as an asset, related to a recognized debt liability, will be required to present those costs as a direct deduction from the carrying value of the related debt liability. This presentation will result in debt issuance costs being presented in the same way debt discounts have historically been addressed. This ASU does not change the recognition, measurement or 63Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continuedsubsequent measurement guidance for debt issuance costs. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of this ASU is permitted for financial statements that have not been previously issued. The new guidance should be applied on a retrospective basis, wherein the balance sheet of each individual period presented should be adjusted to reflect the period-specific effects of applying the new guidance. Upon transition, an entity is required to comply with the applicable disclosures for a change in accounting principle. These disclosures include the nature and reason for the change in accounting principle, the transition method, a description of the prior-period information that has been retrospectively adjusted, and the effect of the change on debt issuance costs asset and the debt liability. We plan to adopt the provisions of this ASU for our fiscal year beginning January 1, 2016. Our adoption of this ASU is not expected to have a material effect on our financial statements.Cloud Computing ArrangementsIn April 2015, the FASB issued ASU, IntangiblesGoodwill and OtherInternal-Use Software Subtopic 350-40, to provide guidance on whether a cloud computing arrangement contains a software license. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, then an entity should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software license, an entity should account for the arrangement as a service contract. The new guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those fiscal years. We plan to adopt these provisions for our fiscal year beginning January 1, 2016. Our adoption of this ASU is not expected to have a material effect on our financial statements. Extraordinary and Unusual ItemsIn January 2015, the FASB issued ASU, Income Statement - Extraordinary and Unusual Items Subtopic 225-20. This ASU eliminates the concept of reporting extraordinary items. Extraordinary items are events and transactions that are distinguished by their unusual nature and by the infrequency of their occurrence. Preparers will not have to assess whether a particular event or transaction is extraordinary and likewise, auditors and regulators no longer need to evaluate whether a preparer treated an unusual and/or infrequent item appropriately. The presentation and disclosure guidance for items that are unusual in nature or occur infrequently will be retained and will be expanded to include such items. This ASU is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. A reporting entity may apply this ASU prospectively. A reporting entity may also apply this ASU retrospectively to all prior periods presented in the financial statements. Early adoption is permitted provided that the guidance is applied from the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. We plan to adopt these provisions for our fiscal year beginning January 1, 2016. Our adoption of this ASU is not expected to have a material effect on our financial statements.Going ConcernIn August 2014, the FASB issued ASU, Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern Subtopic 205-40. This ASU provides guidance about management responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity ability to continue as a going concern or to provide related footnote disclosures. This ASU requires management to assess an entity ability to continue as a going concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain principles that are currently U.S. auditing standards. Specifically, this ASU provides a definition of the term substantial doubt, requires evaluation of every reporting period including interim periods, provides principles for considering the mitigating effect of management plans, requires certain disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration of management plans, requires an express statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is not alleviated and requires an assessment for a period of one year after the date that the financial statements are issued or available to be issued. This ASU is effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual and interim periods thereafter. Early application is permitted. We plan to adopt these provisions for our fiscal year beginning January 1, 2017.Revenue from Contracts with Customers In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. Topic 606. ASC Topic 606 supersedes the revenue recognition requirements under ASC Topic 605, Revenue Recognition, and most industry-specific guidance throughout the Industry Topics of the ASC. The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Under the new guidance, an entity is required to perform the following five steps: 1 identify the contracts with a customer; 2 identify the performance obligations in the contract; 3 determine the transaction price; 4 allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and 5 recognize revenue when or as the entity satisfies a performance obligation. The new guidance will significantly enhance comparability of revenue recognition practices across entities, industries, jurisdictions and capital markets. Additionally, the guidance requires improved disclosures as to the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue that is recognized. The guidance was effective for the annual reporting period beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is not permitted. 64Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continuedOn July 9, 2015, the FASB deferred the effective date by one year to annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period. We plan to adopt the provisions of this ASU for our fiscal year beginning January 1, 2018 and are currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this new accounting standard will have on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 3. ACQUISITIONSOur growth strategy includes the execution of our Strategic Acquisition Model. We assess the strategic positioning of acquisition candidates based on certain criteria, which include volume and price trends, size of business, size of market, competitive standing, demographics, strength of brand and barriers to entry. The value of the acquisition candidates is based on the local market competitive dynamic which allows for appropriate and differentiating enterprise valuations and flexibility to customize the transactions.On February 25, 2015, we acquired a funeral home business in Clarksville, Tennessee for approximately $88 million. The purchase price consisted of $425 millionpaid in cash at closing and $45 million, the net present value of future deferred payments totaling $55 million, which is included in Long-term debt, net of current portion on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. The deferred payments are being paid in 20equal quarterly installments of $03 millionwhich commenced on the close date and each January 1, April 1, July 1 and October 1 for the next fiveyears.On November 17, 2015, we acquired a funeral home business in Wake Forest, North Carolina for approximately $62 million. The purchase price consisted of approximately $548 millionpaid in cash at closing and $076 million, the net present value of contingent consideration totaling $10 million, which is included in Other long-term liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.The contingent consideration is being paid in fiveannual installments and the amount is based on the business achieving certain performance metrics.The following table summarizes the breakdown of the purchase price for the twobusinesses described above in thousands:Purchase PriceCash paid $9,725Deferred payments4,531Contingent consideration762Purchase Price$15,018The following table summarizes the fair value of the assets acquired for these businesses in thousands: Acquisition  DebtAssumedFebruary 25, 2015Funeral homeClarksville, TN$49$39$November 17, 2015Funeral homeWakeforest, NC$31$31$Purchase Price AllocationCurrent assets$92Property, plant  charges and other non-current assets1,986Purchase Price$15,018The deferred charges and other non-current assets relate to the fair value of tradenames and agreements not-to-compete we acquired. As of December 31, 2015, our accounting for the Tennessee acquisition is complete65Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continuedDuring 2014, we acquired 6businesses from SCI which included fourbusinesses in New Orleans, Louisiana, consisting of fourfuneral homes, oneof which was a combination funeral home and cemetery, and twofuneral businesses in Alexandria, Virginia for $549 millioncollectively the SCI Acquisition. Additionally, during 2014 we acquired real estate for approximately $30 millionfor funeral home expansion projects. We acquired substantially all the assets and assumed certain operating liabilities including obligations associated with existing preneed contracts.The following table summarizes the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in our SCI Acquisition and the subsequent adjustments made based on the final valuations and additional information which became available prior to December 31, 2014 in thousands:Initial Purchase Price AllocationAdjustmentsFinal Purchase Price AllocationCurrent assets$1,9981282,126Property, plant equipment16,457216,459Preneed cemetery trust investments3,6323,632Preneed funeral trust  charges and other non-current  perpetual care  under capital leases1,9601,960Deferred preneed cemetery  preneed cemetery receipts held in trust3,6323,632Deferred preneed funeral receipts held in trust4545Care trusts' corpus7,4917,491Cash paid$54,850$$54,850The pro forma impact of the SCI acquisition on prior periods is not presented as the impact is not material to our reported results. The results of the acquired businesses are included in our results of operations from the date of acquisition4. GOODWILLMany of the former owners and staff of acquired funeral homes and certain cemeteries have provided high quality service to families for generations. The resulting loyalty often represents a substantial portion of the value of a business. The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed, as determined by management in business acquisition transactions accounted for as purchases, is recorded as goodwill.We performed our 2015 annual impairment test of goodwill using information as of August 31, 2015. Under current guidance, we are permitted to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test. For our 2014 and 2015 impairment tests we conducted qualitative assessments. For our 2013 annual impairment test, we performed the two-step goodwill impairment test. Our intent is to perform the two-step test at least once every threeyears unless certain indicators or events suggest otherwise. Also see Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements herein for a discussion of the methodology used for our annual goodwill impairment test. Based on our 2015 impairment test, we concluded that there was no impairment to goodwill66Table of ContentsThe following table presents changes in goodwill in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets for the years ended December31, 2014and 2015in thousands:December 31, 2014December 31, 2015Goodwill at the beginning of year$221,087$257,442Increase in goodwill related to  in previous estimates101Net impairment and write-off related to divestitures1,197Goodwill at the end of the year$257,442$264,416The $70 millionincrease to goodwill represents the goodwill recorded in connection with the acquisitions of twofuneral home businesses, onein Clarksville, Tennessee in February 2015 and onein Wake Forest, North Carolina in November 2015. 5. DISCONTINUED OPERATIONSEffective January 1, 2015, we adopted the FASB new guidance for reporting discontinued operations. In April 2014, the FASB amended the definition of discontinued operations to include only disposals or held-for-sale classifications for components or groups of components of an entity that represent a strategic shift that either has or will have a major effect on an entity operations or financial results. Examples of a strategic shift that has or will have a major effect on an entity operations and financial results include a disposal of a major geographical area, line of business, equity method of investment or other parts of an entity. The new guidance also requires the disclosure of pre-tax income of disposals that do not qualify as discontinued operations. We continually review locations to optimize the sustainable earning power and return on our invested capital. These reviews could entail selling certain non-strategic businesses.We had nodivestitures of any of our funeral home or cemetery businesses in 2015. During 2014, we sold a cemetery in Florida and twofuneral homes, onein Ohio and onein Kentucky. In 2013, we sold sevenfuneral homes, onein California, onein Ohio, onein Kentucky and fourin Kansas and sold onecemetery in Virginia. The operating results of discontinued businesses, as well as any impairments and net gains on the disposals, which is presented within discontinued operations on our Consolidated Statements of Operations, along with the income tax effect, were as follows in  income  gain on disposal6,0911,594Income tax provision2,544257Income from discontinued operations, net of tax$4,176$392$6. PRENEED TRUST INVESTMENTSPreneed Cemetery Trust InvestmentsPreneed cemetery trust investments represent trust fund assets that we are generally permitted to withdraw when the merchandise or services are provided. The components of Preneed cemetery trust investmentson our Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2014and 2015were as follows in thousands:December 31, 2014December 31, 2015Preneed cemetery trust investments, at market value$74,198$65,486Less: allowance for contract  cemetery trust investments, net$71,972$63,291Upon cancellation of a preneed cemetery contract, a customer is generally entitled to receive a refund of the corpus, and in some cases, some or all of the earnings held in trust. In certain jurisdictions, we are obligated to fund any shortfall if the amounts deposited by the customer exceed the funds in trust, including some or all investment income. As a result, when realized or 67Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continuedunrealized losses of a trust result in the trust being under-funded, we assess whether we are responsible for replenishing the corpus of the trust, in which case a loss provision is recorded. Earnings from our preneed cemetery trust investments are recognized in revenue when a service is performed or merchandise is delivered. Trust management fees charged by our wholly-owned registered investment advisor are included as revenue in the period in which they are earned.Where quoted prices are available in an active market, investments held by the trusts are classified as Level 1 investments pursuant to the three-level valuation hierarchy. Our Level 1 investments include cash and common stock. Where quoted market prices are not available for the specific security, fair values are estimated by using quoted prices of similar securities in active markets or other inputs other than quoted prices that can corroborate observable market data. These investments are fixed income securities including municipal bonds, foreign debt, corporate debt, preferred stocks and mortgage backed securities, all of which are classified within Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy. We review and update our fair value hierarchy classifications quarterly. There were no transfers between Levels 1 and 2 in the year ended December31, 2015. There are no Level 3 investments in the preneed cemetery trust investment portfolio. See Note 11 for further information of the fair value measurement and the three-level valuation hierarchy.The cost and fair market values associated with preneed cemetery trust investments at December31, 2015are detailed below in thousands: Fair Value Hierarchy  Market ValueCash and money market accounts1$8,296 8,296Fixed income securities:Municipal bonds245863395Foreign debt24,8036954,108Corporate   backed securities2Common   investment income$625$625Preneed cemetery trust investments$65,486Market value as a percentage of cost887%The estimated maturities of the fixed income securities included above are as follows in thousands:Due in one year or less$133Due in one to five years4,858Due in five to ten  fixed income securities$38,65768Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continuedThe cost and market values associated with preneed cemetery trust investments at December 31, 2014are detailed below in thousands: Fair Value Hierarchy  Market ValueCash and money market accounts1$5,591 5,591Fixed income securities:Municipal bonds23479$356Foreign debt25,8742375,637Corporate   backed securities211Common   investment income$763$763Preneed cemetery trust investments$74,198Market value as a percentage of cost990%We determine whether or not the assets in the preneed cemetery trust investments have an other-than-temporary impairment on a security-by-security basis. This assessment is made based upon a number of criteria including the length of time a security has been in a loss position, changes in market conditions and concerns related to the specific issuer. If a loss is considered to be other-than-temporary, the cost basis of the security is adjusted downward to its fair market value. Any reduction in the cost basis of the investment due to an other-than-temporary impairment is likewise recorded as a reduction in Deferred preneed cemetery receipts held in trust on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We recorded a $07 millionimpairment charge for other-than-temporary declines in fair value related to unrealized losses on certain investments during our 2015 fiscal year. In 2014, we recorded a $02 millionimpairment charge for other-than-temporary declines in fair value related to unrealized losses on certain investments. There is no impact on earnings until such time that the loss is realized in the trusts, allocated to the preneed contracts and the services are performed or the merchandise is delivered causing the contract to be withdrawn from the trust in accordance with state regulations.At December31, 2015, we had certain investments within our preneed cemetery trust investments that had tax lots in loss positions for more than one year. Based on our analyses of these securities, the companies businesses and current market conditions, we determined that these investment losses were temporary in nature. Our cemetery merchandise and service trust investment unrealized losses, their associated fair market values, and the duration of unrealized losses for the years ended December31, 2015and 2014, are shown in the following tables in thousands:December 31, 2015In Loss Position Less than 12 monthsIn Loss Position Greater than 12 monthsTotalFair market valueUnrealized LossesFair market valueUnrealized LossesFair market valueUnrealized LossesFixed income securities:Municipal      temporary impaired  of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continuedDecember 31, 2014In Loss Position Less than 12 monthsIn Loss Position Greater than 12 monthsTotalFair market valueUnrealized LossesFair market valueUnrealized LossesFair market valueUnrealized LossesFixed income securities:Foreign     temporary impaired  cemetery trust investment security transactions recorded in Interest expense on our Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December31, 2013, 2014and 2015were as follows inthousands:Year ended   gains3,0185,7122,952Realized  and  in deferred preneed cemetery receipts held in  and sales of investments in the preneed cemetery trusts were as follows in thousands:Year ended  Funeral Trust InvestmentsPreneed funeral trust investments represent trust fund assets that we are permitted to withdraw as services and merchandise are provided to customers. Preneed funeral contracts are secured by funds paid by the customer to us. Preneed funeral trust investments are reduced by the trust earnings we have been allowed to withdraw prior to our performance and amounts received from customers that are not required to be deposited into trust, pursuant to various state laws. The components of Preneed funeral trust investmentson our Consolidated Balance Sheets at December31, 2014and 2015were as follows in thousands:December 31, 2014December 31, 2015Preneed funeral trust investments, at market value$100,579$88,444Less: allowance for contract  funeral trust investments, net$97,607$85,553Upon cancellation of a preneed funeral contract, a customer is generally entitled to receive a refund of the corpus and some or all of the earnings held in trust. In certain jurisdictions, we are obligated to fund any shortfall if the amounts deposited by the customer exceed the funds in trust, including some or all investment income. As a result, when realized or unrealized losses of a trust result in the trust being under-funded, we assess whether we are responsible for replenishing the corpus of the trust, in which case a loss provision is recorded. Earnings from our preneed funeral trust investments are recognized in revenue when a service is performed or merchandise is delivered. Trust management fees charged by our wholly-owned registered investment advisor are included in revenue in the period in which they are earned.Where quoted prices are available in an active market, investments held by the trusts are classified as Level 1 investments pursuant to the three-level valuation hierarchy. Our Level 1 investments include cash, U.S. treasury debt, common stock and equity 70Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continuedmutual funds. Where quoted market prices are not available for the specific security, then fair values are estimated by using quoted prices of similar securities in active markets or other inputs other than quoted prices that can corroborate observable market data. These investments are fixed income securities including U.S. agency obligations, foreign debt, corporate debt, preferred stocks, mortgage backed securities and fixed income mutual funds and other investments, all of which are classified within Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy. We review and update our fair value hierarchy classifications quarterly. There were no other transfers between Levels 1 and 2 for the year ended December31, 2015.There are no Level 3 investments in the preneed funeral trust investment portfolio. See Note 11 for further information of the fair value measurement and the three-level valuation hierarchy.The cost and fair market values associated with preneed funeral trust investments at December31, 2015are detailed below in thousands:Fair Value Hierarchy  Market ValueCash and money market  income securities:U.S. treasury  Bonds247866412Foreign debt24,9387114,227Corporate   backed securities227344273Common  funds:Equity1Fixed income295982877Other   investment income$688$688Preneed funeral trust investments$88,444Market value as a percentage of cost911%The estimated maturities of the fixed income securities included above are as follows in thousands:Due in one year or less$144Due in one to five years5,794Due in five to ten  fixed income securities$43,36571Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continuedThe cost and market values associated with preneed funeral trust investments at December 31, 2014are detailed below in thousands:Fair Value Hierarchy  Market ValueCash and money market  income securities:U.S. treasury debt12,03732152,054U.S. agency obligations23030Foreign debt24,6531884,465Corporate   backed securities230983314Common   income25,351115725,394Other   investment income$615$615Preneed funeral trust investments$100,579Market value as a percentage of cost1009%We determine whether or not the assets in the preneed funeral trust investments have other-than-temporary impairments on a security-by-security basis. This assessment is made based upon a number of criteria including the length of time a security has been in a loss position, changes in market conditions and concerns related to the specific issuer. If a loss is considered to be other-than-temporary, the cost basis of the security is adjusted downward to its fair market value. Any reduction in the cost basis of the investment due to an other-than-temporary impairment is likewise recorded as a reduction to Deferred preneed funeral receipts held in trust on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We recorded a $06 millionimpairment charge for other-than-temporary declines in fair value related to unrealized losses on certain investments during our 2015 fiscal year. In 2014, we recorded a $01 millionimpairment charge for other-than-temporary declines in fair value related to unrealized losses on certain investments. There is no impact on earnings until such time that the loss is realized in the trusts, allocated to preneed contracts and the services are performed or the merchandise is delivered causing the contract to be withdrawn from the trust in accordance with state regulations.At December31, 2015, we had certain investments within our preneed funeral trust investments that had tax lots in loss positions for more than one year. Based on our analyses of these securities, the companies businesses and current market conditions, we determined that these investment losses were temporary in nature72Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continuedOur preneed funeral trust investment unrealized losses, their associated fair market values, and the duration of unrealized losses as of December31, 2015and 2014are shown the the following tables in thousands:December 31, 2015In Loss Position Less than 12 monthsIn Loss Position Greater than 12 monthsTotalFair market valueUnrealized LossesFair market valueUnrealized LossesFair market valueUnrealized LossesFixed income securities:U.S.  Bonds4136641366Foreign    backed securities27242724Mutual  and otherFixed income18768287782Other investments42314231Total temporary impaired  31, 2014In Loss Position Less than 12 monthsIn Loss Position Greater than 12 monthsTotalFair market valueUnrealized LossesFair market valueUnrealized LossesFair market valueUnrealized LossesFixed income securities:U.S.     backed securities513513Mutual  and   investments42294229Total temporary impaired  funeral trust investment security transactions recorded in Interest expenseon our Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December31, 2013, 2014and 2015were as follows inthousands:Year ended   gains7,9577,1843,931Realized  and  in deferred preneed funeral receipts held in  of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continuedPurchases and sales of investments in the preneed funeral trusts were as follows in thousands:Year ended  PRENEED CEMETERY RECEIVABLESPreneed sales of cemetery interment rights and related products and services are usually financed through interest-bearing installment sales contracts, generally with terms of up to fiveyears with such interest income reflected as Preneed cemetery finance charges. In substantially all cases, we receive an initial down payment at the time the contract is signed.At December31, 2015, the balance of preneed receivables for cemetery interment rights and for merchandise and services was $268 millionand $97 million, respectively, of which $112 millionis presented in Accounts receivable and $253 millionis presented in Preneed receivables. At December31, 2014, the balance of preneed receivables for cemetery interment rights and for merchandise and services was $245 millionand $94 million, respectively, of which $106 millionis presented in Accounts receivableand $233 millionis presented in Preneed receivables. The unearned finance charges associated with these receivables was $46 millionand $52 millionat December31, 2014and 2015, respectively.We determine an allowance for customer cancellations and refunds on contracts in which revenue has been recognized on sales of cemetery interment rights. We have a collections policy where past due notifications are sent to the customer beginning at 15days past due and periodically thereafter until the contract is cancelled or payment is received. We reserve 100%of the receivables on contracts in which the revenue has been recognized and payments are 90days past due or more, which was approximately 51%of the total receivables on recognized sales at December31, 2015.An allowance is recorded at the date that the contract is executed and periodically adjusted thereafter based upon actual collection experience at the business level.For the years ending December31, 2014and 2015, the changes to the allowance for contract cancellations were as follows in thousands:As of December31,20142015Beginning balance$1,347$2,140Write-offs and  balance$2,140$1,765The aging of past due financing receivables as of December31, 2015was as follows in     aging of past due financing receivables as of December31, 2014was as follows in     of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continued8. RECEIVABLES FROM PRENEED TRUSTSThe receivables from preneed trusts represent assets in trusts which are controlled and operated by third parties in which we do not have a controlling financial interest less than 50% in the trust assets. We account for these investments at cost. As of December 31, 2014and 2015, receivables from preneed trusts were as follows in thousands:December 31, 2014December 31, 2015in thousandsPreneed trust funds, at cost$13,205$13,963Less: allowance for contract  from preneed trusts, net$12,809$13,544The following summary reflects the composition of the assets held in trust and controlled by third parties to satisfy our future obligations under preneed arrangements related to the preceding contracts at December 31, 2015and 2014. The cost basis includes reinvested interest and dividends that have been earned on the trust assets. Fair value includes unrealized gains and losses on trust  thousandsAs of December31, 2015Cash and cash equivalents$2,898$2,898Fixed income investments8,4238,426Mutual funds and common  thousandsAs of December31, 2014Cash and cash equivalents$2,834$2,834Fixed income investments7,8807,893Mutual funds and common  CONTRACTS SECURED BY INSURANCECertain preneed funeral contracts are secured by life insurance contracts. Generally, the proceeds of the life insurance policies have been assigned to us and will be paid upon the death of the insured. The proceeds will be used to satisfy the beneficiarys obligations under the preneed contract for services and merchandise. Preneed funeral contracts secured by insurance policies totaled $3130 millionand $3240 millionat December31, 2014and 2015, respectively, and are not included on our Consolidated Balance Sheets10. CEMETERY PERPETUAL CARE TRUST INVESTMENTSCare trusts corpuson our Consolidated Balance Sheets represent the corpus of those trusts plus undistributed income. The components of Care trusts corpus as of December 31, 2014and 2015were as follows in thousands:December 31, 2014December 31, 2015Trust assets, at market  due from trust528711Care trusts corpus$48,142$42,416We are required by various state laws to pay a portion of the proceeds from the sale of cemetery property interment rights into perpetual care trust funds. The income earned from these perpetual care trusts offsets maintenance expenses for cemetery 75Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continuedproperty and memorials. This trust fund income is recognized, as earned, in Revenues from cemetery operations. Trust management fees charged by CSV RIA are included in revenue in the period in which they are earned.Where quoted prices are available in an active market, investments held by the trusts are classified as Level 1 investments pursuant to the three-level valuation hierarchy. Our Level 1 investments include cash and common stock. Where quoted market prices are not available for the specific security, then fair values are estimated by using quoted prices of similar securities in active markets or other inputs other than quoted prices that can corroborate observable market data. These investments are municipal bonds, foreign debt, corporate debt and preferred stock, all of which are classified within Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy. There were no transfers between Levels 1 and 2 for the year ended December31, 2015.There are no Level 3 investments in the cemetery perpetual care trust investment portfolio. See Note 11 for further information of fair value measurement and the three-level valuation hierarchy. The following table reflects the cost and fair market values associated with the trust investments held in perpetual care trust funds at December 31, 2015in thousands:Fair Value Hierarchy  Market ValueCash and money market accounts1$5,472 5,472Fixed income securities:Municipal bonds232545280Foreign debt23,2324802,752Corporate     investment income$373$373Cemetery perpetual care investments$43,127Market value as a percentage of cost882%The estimated maturities of the fixed income securities included above are as follows in thousands:Due in one year or less$79Due in one to five years3,391Due in five to ten  fixed income securities$26,88376Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continuedThe following table reflects the cost and market values associated with the trust investments held in perpetual care trust funds at December 31, 2014in thousands:Fair Value Hierarchy  Market ValueCash and money market accounts1$3,206 3,206Fixed income securities:Municipal bonds22295234Foreign debt23,8711563,715Corporate     investment income$505$505Cemetery perpetual care investments$48,670Market value as a percentage of cost990%We determine whether or not the assets in the cemetery perpetual care trusts have an other-than-temporary impairment on a security-by-security basis. This assessment is made based upon a number of criteria including the length of time a security has been in a loss position, changes in market conditions and concerns related to the specific issuer. If a loss is considered to be other-than-temporary, the cost basis of the security is adjusted downward to its fair market value. Any reduction in the cost basis due to an other-than-temporary impairment is also recorded as a reduction to Care trusts corpus. We recorded a $05 millionimpairment charge for other-than-temporary declines in fair value related to unrealized losses on certain investments during our 2015 fiscal year. In 2014, we recorded a $01 millionimpairment charge for other-than-temporary declines in fair value related to unrealized losses on certain investments. At December31, 2015, we had certain investments within our perpetual care trust investments that had tax lots in loss positions for more than one year. Based on our analyses of these securities, the companies businesses and current market conditions, we determined that these investments losses are temporary in nature.Our perpetual care trust investment unrealized losses, their associated fair market values, and the duration of unrealized losses for the years ended December31, 2015and 2014, are shown in the following tables in thousands:December 31, 2015In Loss Position Less than 12 monthsIn Loss Position Greater than 12 monthsTotalFair market valueUnrealized LossesFair market valueUnrealized LossesFair market valueUnrealized LossesFixed income securities:Municipal      temporary impaired  of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continuedDecember 31, 2014In Loss Position Less than 12 monthsIn Loss Position Greater than 12 monthsTotalFair market valueUnrealized LossesFair market valueUnrealized LossesFair market valueUnrealized LossesFixed income securities:Foreign     temporary impaired  care trust investment security transactions recorded in Interest expenseon our Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December31, 2013, 2014and 2015were as follows in thousands:Year ended    increase in Care trusts  care trust investment security transactions recorded in Cemetery revenuefor the years ended December31, 2013, 2014and 2015were as follows in thousands:Year ended   gains,  and sales of investments in the perpetual care trusts were as follows in thousands:Year ended  FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTSFair value is defined as the price that would be received from the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date applicable for items that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements on a recurring basis. We disclose the extent to which fair value is used to measure financial assets and liabilities, the inputs utilized in calculating valuation measurements, and the effect of the measurement of significant unobservable inputs on earnings, or changes in net assets, as of the measurement date.We evaluated our financial assets and liabilities for those financial assets and liabilities that met the criteria of the disclosure requirements and fair value framework. The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, and trade payables approximate the fair values of those instruments due to the short-term nature of the instruments. The fair values of receivables on preneed funeral and cemetery contracts are impracticable to estimate because of the lack of a trading market and the diverse number of individual contracts with varying terms. Our long-term debt and Credit Facility are classified within Level 2 of the Fair Value Measurements hierarchy. The fair values of the long-term debt and Credit Facility approximate the carrying values of these instruments based on the index yields of similar securities compared to U.S. Treasury yield curves. The fair value of the Convertible Notes issued in March 2014 was approximately $1705 millionat December31, 2015based on the last traded or broker quoted price. We identified investments in fixed income securities, common stock and mutual funds presented within the preneed and perpetual care trust investments categories on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as having met the criteria for fair value measurement. See Notes 6 and 10 to our Consolidated Financial Statements herein for the fair value hierarchy levels of our trust investments78Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continuedThe following three-level valuation hierarchy based upon the transparency of inputs is utilized in the measurement and valuation of financial assets or liabilities as of the measurement date:Level 1Fair value of securities based on unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. Our investments classified as Level 1 securities include cash, common stock, U.S. treasury debt and equity mutual funds;Level 2Fair value of securities estimated based on quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, and inputs other than quoted market prices that are observable or that can be corroborated by observable market data by correlation. These inputs include interest rates, yield curves, credit risk, prepayment speeds, rating and tax-exempt status. Our investments classified as Level 2 securities include U.S. agency obligations, municipal bonds, corporate debt, preferred stocks, foreign debt, mortgage backed securities, fixed income mutual funds and other investments.Level 3Unobservable inputs based upon the reporting entitys internally developed assumptions, which market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. As of December31, 2015and 2014, we did not have any assets that had fair values determined by Level 3 inputs and no liabilities measured at fair value.We account for our investments as available-for-sale and measure them at fair value under standards of financial accounting and reporting for investments in equity instruments that have readily determinable fair values and for all investments in debt securities12. DEFERRED CHARGES AND OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETSDeferred charges and other non-current assets at December 31, 2014and 2015were as follows in thousands:December 31, 2014December 31, 2015Prepaid agreements not to compete, net of accumulated amortization of $5,105 and $5,404,  loan costs, net of accumulated amortization of $2,809 and $3,246,  subordinated notes issuance costs, net of accumulated amortization of $375 and $858,  charges and other non-current assets $14,264$15,192Prepaid agreements not-to-compete are amortized over the term of the respective agreements, ranging generally from oneto tenyears. Amortization expense was $79,207, $348,602and $299,742for the years ended December31, 2013, 2014and 2015, respectively. Deferred loan costs are being amortized over the term of the related debt using the effective interest method. Debt issuance costs related to our Convertible Notes issued in March 2014 are being amortized using the effective interest method over the sevenyear term of the notes. See Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements herein for further discussion related to our Convertible Notes. Our tradenames have indefinite lives and therefore are not amortized. During the year ended December31, 2015, we increased tradenames by approximately $12 millionrelated to the acquisition of a funeral home business in February 2015 and we increased agreements not to compete by approximately $08 millionrelated to the acquisition of a funeral home business in November 201513. LONG-TERM DEBTOur senior long-term debt consisted of the following at December 31, 2014and 2015in thousands:December 31, 2014December 31, 2015Revolving credit facility, secured, floating rate$40,500$92,600Term loan, secured, floating rate120,312110,937Acquisition debt1,2054,929Less: current portion9,63012,012Total long-term debt$152,387$196,454At December31, 2015, we had a $325 millionsecured bank credit facility with Bank of America, N.A. as Administrative Agent comprised of a $200 millionrevolving credit facility and a $125 millionterm loan. The Credit Agreement contains an 79Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continuedaccordion provision to borrow up to an additional $50 millionin revolving loans, subject to certain conditions. The Credit Facility matures on March31, 2019and is collateralized by all personal property and funeral home real property in certain states. At December31, 2015, we had outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility of $926 millionand $1109 millionwas outstanding on the term loan. No letters of credit were issued and outstanding under the Credit Facility at December31, 2015. Outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility bear interest at either a prime rate or a LIBOR rate, plus an applicable margin based upon the Companys leverage ratio. As of December31, 2015, the prime rate margin was equivalent to 150%and the LIBOR margin was 250%. The weighted average interest rate on the Credit Facility for the year ended December31, 2015was 260%.On May 20, 2015, we entered into a sixth amendment the Sixth Amendment to the Credit Agreement. The Sixth Amendment provides that, among other things, we may repurchase our common stock so long as at the time of such repurchase there have been no defaults under the Credit Agreement, we have at least $150 millionof unrestricted cash and undrawn borrowing capacity under the Credit Facility and the senior secured leverage ratio is less than 325to 100. See Note 25 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for additional information related to our Credit Facility. We have no material assets or operations independent of our subsidiaries. All assets and operations are held and conducted by subsidiaries, each of which have fully and unconditionally guaranteed our obligations under the Credit Agreement. Additionally, we do not currently have any significant restrictions on our ability to receive dividends or loans from any subsidiary guarantor under the Credit Agreement. We were in compliance with the covenants contained in our Credit Agreement as of December31, 2014and 2015. The Credit Agreement calls for key ratios that we must comply with including a requirement to maintain a leverage ratio of no more than 325to 100through March 30, 2015 and no more than 350to 100thereafter, and a covenant to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio of no less than 120to 100. As of December 31, 2015, the leverage ratio was 297to 100and the fixed charge coverage ratio was 279to 100. Acquisition debt consists of deferred purchase price notes payable to sellers. A majority of the notes bear interest at rates ranging from 70%to 110%. A few notes bear interest at 0%and are discounted at imputed interest rates ranging from 85%to 100%. Original maturities range from fiveto twentyyears.The aggregate maturities of our long-term debt for the next five years subsequent to December 31, 2015and thereafter are as follows in thousands:Years ending December  and thereafter220$208,46614. CONVERTIBLE SUBORDINATED NOTESOn March 19, 2014, we issued $14375 millionaggregate principal amount of 275%Convertible Subordinated Notes due 2021 the Convertible Notes. The Convertible Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended the Securities Act, and were offered only to qualified institutional buyers in compliance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act. The Convertible Notes are governed by an indenture dated as of March 19, 2014 between Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee, and us the Indenture. The Convertible Notes bear interest at 275%. Interest on the Convertible Notes accrues from March 19, 2014 and is payable semi-annually in arrears on March 15 and September 15 of each year, beginning September 15, 2014. The Convertible Notes are general unsecured obligations and are subordinated in the right of payment to all of our existing and future senior indebtedness and equal in right of payment with our other existing and future subordinated indebtedness. The initial conversion rate of the Convertible Notes is 443169shares of our common stock per $1,000principal amount of the Convertible Notes, equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately $2256per share of common stock. The conversion rate is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events, as described in the Indenture80Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continuedThe Convertible Notes mature on March15, 2021, unless earlier converted or purchased by us. The conversion option of the Convertible Notes is not an embedded derivative. Holders of the Convertible Notes may convert their Convertible Notes at their option at any time prior to December 15, 2020, if certain conditions are met. We may not redeem the Convertible Notes prior to maturity. However, in the event of a fundamental change as defined in the Indenture, subject to certain conditions, a holder of the Convertible Notes will have the option to require us to purchase all or a portion of its Convertible Notes for cash. The fundamental change purchase price will equal 100%of the principal amount of the Convertible Notes to be purchased, plus any accrued and unpaid interest up to, but excluding, the fundamental change purchase date.We have recorded the issuance of the Convertible Notes per the guidance provided under ASC 470, Topic 20,Debt with Conversion and Other Options, which requires that we separate the Convertible Notes into a liability component and an equity component. The carrying amount of the liability is calculated by measuring the fair value of a similar liability that does not have an associated equity component. The carrying amount of the liability component was determined based on a bond discount rate of 675%per year. The carrying amount of the equity component representing the embedded conversion option was determined by deducting the fair value of the liability component from the initial proceeds of the Convertible Notes and is recorded in Additional Paid in Capital APIC on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. The excess of the principal amount of the liability over its carrying amount is amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method. The expected life of the liability component will not be reassessed in subsequent periods unless the terms are modified. We received gross proceeds of $14375 millionand paid transaction costs of approximately $47 million. We used a portion of the proceeds to repay our outstanding balance on our revolving credit facility and to redeem our existing convertible junior subordinated debentures. Refer to Note 15 herein for further discussion of the redemption of the convertible junior subordinated debentures.Total transaction costs of $47 millionwere allocated to the liability and equity components in proportion to the allocation of the initial proceeds and accounted for as debt issuance costs and equity issuance costs, respectively. Debt issuance costs are included in Deferred charges and other non-current assetson our Consolidated Balance Sheets and are being amortized using the effective interest method over the sevenyear term of the Convertible Notes. Equity issuance costs are included in APIC on our Consolidated Balance Sheets and are not amortized. Additionally, the recognition of the Convertible Notes as twoseparate components results in a basis difference associated with the liability component which represents a temporary tax difference. As a result, we recognized a deferred tax liability of $127 millionrelated to this temporary difference which was recorded as a reduction to APIC and an increase to our deferred tax liability. The deferred tax liability is being amortized over the sevenyear term of the Convertible Notes.The carrying values of the liability and equity components of the Convertible Notes at December31, 2015are reflected on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as follows in thousands: December 31, 2014December 31, 2015Long-term liabilities:Principal  discount of liability  value of the liability  component carrying value$17,973$17,973The fair value of the Convertible Notes, which are Level 2 measurements, was approximately $1705 millionat December31, 2015.Interest expense for the year ended December31, 2015included contractual coupon interest expense of $40 millionand amortization of debt issuance costs of $05 million. Accretion of the discount on the Convertible Notes was approximately $35 millionfor the year ended December31, 2015. The unamortized discount is being amortized over the remaining term of 62 months. The effective interest rate on the liability component for the year ended December31, 2015was 675%per year. 81Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continuedThe aggregate maturities of our Convertible Notes for the five years subsequent to December 31, 2015 and thereafter are as follows in thousands:Principal MaturityDiscount AmortizationPresentValueYears ending December  and  JUNIOR SUBORDINATED DEBENTURES PAYABLE TO AFFILIATE AND COMPANY OBLIGATED MANDATORILY REDEEMABLE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED SECURITIES OF CARRIAGE SERVICES CAPITAL TRUSTCarriages wholly-owned subsidiary, Carriage Services Capital Trust, issued 1,875,000units of 7%convertible preferred securities TIDES in June 1999, resulting in approximately $900 millionin net proceeds, and the Company issued a 7%convertible junior subordinated debenture to Carriage Services Capital Trust in the amount of $9375 million. The convertible preferred securities had a liquidation amount of $50per unit and were convertible into Carriages common stock at the equivalent conversion price of $204375per share of common stock. The convertible junior subordinated debentures and the TIDES were due to mature in 2029, and the TIDES were guaranteed on a subordinated basis by the Company. At December31, 2014, the amount outstanding under the convertible junior subordinated debentures totaled $898 million. On March 17, 2014, we called for the redemption of all our outstanding convertible junior subordinated debentures and the corresponding TIDES at a price $50per $50principal amount of the convertible junior subordinated debentures being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. In the first quarter of 2014, we used a portion of the net proceeds from the issuance of the Convertible Notes to redeem the convertible junior subordinated debentures for approximately $619 millionin principal amount of our existing convertible junior subordinated debentures and approximately $09 millionassociated with the call premium. The remaining TIDES principal balance of $279 millionwas redeemed in April 201482Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continued16. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIESLeasesWe lease certain office facilities, certain funeral homes, vehicles and equipment under operating leases with original terms ranging from oneto twelve years. Certain of these leases provide for an annual adjustment and contain options for renewal. Rent expense totaled $66 million, $64 millionand $65 millionfor the years ended December 31, 2013, 2014and 2015, respectively. Assets acquired under capital leases are included in property, plant and equipment in our accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets in the amount of $31 millionin 2014and $29 millionin 2015, net of accumulated depreciation. Capital lease obligations are included in current and long-term debt as indicated below. At December31, 2015, future minimum lease payments under non-cancelable lease agreements were as follows:FutureMinimum  thousandsYears ending  future minimum lease payments$18,734$5,432Less: amount representing interest rates ranging from 7% to 115%2,334Less: current portion of obligations under capital leases223Long-term obligations under capital leases$2,875Non-Compete, Consulting and Employment AgreementsWe have various non-compete agreements with former owners and employees. These agreements are generally for oneto ten yearsand provide for periodic payments over the term of the agreements. We have various consulting agreements with former owners of businesses we have acquired. Payments for such agreements are generally not made in advance. These agreements are generally for oneto ten yearsand provide for bi-weekly or monthly payments.We have employment agreements with our executive officers and certain senior leadership. These agreements are generally for threeor fouryears and provide for participation in various incentive compensation arrangements. These agreements automatically renew on an annual basis after their initial term has expired. At December31, 2015, the maximum estimated future cash commitments under these agreements with remaining commitment terms, and with original terms of more than one year, are as  thousandsYears ending December  of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continued401K PlanWe sponsor a defined contribution plan 401Kfor the benefit of our employees. Matching contributions and plan administrative expenses totaled $14 million, $16 millionand $17 millionfor 2013, 2014and 2015, respectively. We do not offer any post-retirement or post-employment benefits.Other CommitmentsWe have an agreement to outsource the processing of transactions for the cemetery business and certain accounting activities. This agreement can be terminated for various reasons upon written notification from either us or the contractor. Payments vary based on the level of resources provided. We incurred costs of approximately $19 millioneach year for services rendered under this agreement in the years ended December 31, 2013, 2014and 2015, respectively, of which we paid approximately $10 millioneach year, with the remainder paid by the trust. In November 2015, we notified the contractor of our intent to terminate the contract effective April 30, 2016. Upon which time, all processing will return in-house and we will retain most of the resources that currently reside in our home office. We believe we will not incur additional costs under the new arrangement.LitigationWe are a party to various litigation matters and proceedings. For each of our outstanding legal matters, we evaluate the merits of the case, our exposure to the matter, possible legal or settlement strategies, and the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome. We intend to defend ourselves in the lawsuits described herein. If we determine that an unfavorable outcome is probable and can be reasonably estimated, we establish the necessary accruals. We hold certain insurance policies that may reduce cash outflows with respect to an adverse outcome of certain of these litigation matters.Leathermon, et al. v. Grandview Memorial Gardens, Inc., et al.,United States District Court, Southern District of Indiana, Case No. 4:07-cv-137. On August 17, 2007, fiveplaintiffs filed a putative class action against the current and past owners of Grandview Cemetery in Madison, Indiana, including our subsidiaries that owned the cemetery from January 1997 until February 2001, on behalf of all individuals who purchased cemetery and burial goods and services at Grandview Cemetery. Plaintiffs sought monetary damages and claim that the cemetery owners performed burials negligently, breached Plaintiffs contracts and made misrepresentations regarding the cemetery. The Plaintiffs also allege that the claims occurred prior, during and after we owned the cemetery. On October 15, 2007, the case was removed from Jefferson County Circuit Court, Indiana to the Southern District of Indiana. On April 24, 2009, shortly before the Defendants had been scheduled to file their briefs in opposition to Plaintiffs motion for class certification, Plaintiffs moved to amend their complaint to add new class representatives and claims, while also seeking to abandon other claims. We, as well as several other Defendants, opposed Plaintiffs motion to amend their complaint and add parties. In April 2009, twoDefendants moved to disqualify Plaintiffs counsel from further representing Plaintiffs in this action. On June 30, 2010, the court granted Defendants motion to disqualify Plaintiffs counsel. On May 6, 2010, Plaintiffs filed a petition for writ of mandamus with the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals seeking relief from the trial courts order of disqualification of counsel. On May 19, 2010, the Defendants responded to the petition of mandamus. On July 8, 2010, the Seventh Circuit denied Plaintiffs petition for writ of mandamus. Thus, pursuant to the trial courts order, Plaintiffs were given 60days from July 8, 2010 in which to retain new counsel to prosecute this action on their behalf. Plaintiffs retained new counsel and Plaintiffs counsel moved for leave to amend both the class representatives and the allegations stated within the complaint. Defendants filed oppositions to such amendments. The court issued an order permitting the Plaintiffs to proceed with amending the class representatives and a portion of their claims; however, certain of Plaintiffs claims have been dismissed. The parties reached a proposed class settlement, and the court granted its preliminary approval of such settlement by order dated March 19, 2014. Notice of the class settlement was provided pursuant to the Preliminary Order Approving Class Action Settlement, and no settlement class members opted out of the class nor objected to the terms of the settlement. The court issued its final approval of the settlement on June 23, 2014. Pursuant to the terms of the final settlement agreement, we have funded our obligations to the settlement class members by transferring the necessary funds to a settlement account; and the designated claims administrator is now administering the settlement in accordance with its terms84Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continued17. INCOME TAXESThe provision benefit for income taxes from continuing operations for the years ended December31, 2013, 2014and 2015consisted of in thousands:Year Ended  S. federal provision  provision benefit522772862Total current provision  S. federal  provision benefit1,7311781,107Total deferred  income tax provision $9,245$7,255$13,737A reconciliation of taxes from continuing operations calculated at the U.S. federal statutory rate to those reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December31, 2013, 2014and 2015is as follows in thousands:Year Ended  statutory  of state income taxes, net of federal  of non-deductible expenses and other,  in valuation  for tax year 2011 federal  August 1, 2014, we received notification that the IRS completed its examination of our tax year ended December 31, 2011. As a result, we have re-measured our tax liability for unrecognized tax benefits reflecting a reduction to our liability by $73 million. This change resulted in a tax benefit recognized in the amount of $17 millionwhich reduced our effective tax rate for the year ended December31, 2014. The remainder of the re-measurement resulted in an increase to Deferred tax liabilityin the amount of $56 million. Additionally, we recognized a credit to interest expense of $06 millionrelated to the settled portion of the uncertain tax position. The following table summarizes our unrecognized tax benefit as of December 31, 2014 and 2015 in thousands:December 31, 2014December 31, 2015Unrecognized tax benefit$515$814Interest accrued on unrecognized tax benefits$$4485Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continuedThe tax effects of temporary differences from total operations that give rise to significant deferred tax assets and liabilities at December31, 2014and 2015were as follows in  income tax assets:Net operating loss carryforwards$2,735$2,132Tax credit carryforwards127133State bonus depreciation1,513993Accrued liabilities and other9,1159,949Amortization of non-compete agreements815897Preneed liabilities, net9,93510,324Total deferred income tax assets24,24024,428Less valuation allowance330189Total deferred income tax assets$23,910$24,239Deferred income tax liabilities:Amortization and  subordinated notes due 202111,68510,184Prepaids and other1,4481,436Total deferred income tax  net deferred tax  deferred tax asset$3,750$4,257Non-current deferred tax  net deferred tax  current deferred tax asset is included in Other current assets at December31, 2014and 2015. The non-current deferred tax liability is disclosed on a separate line item on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.We record a valuation allowance to reflect the estimated amount of deferred tax assets for which realization is uncertain. Management reviews the valuation allowance at the end of each quarter and makes adjustments if it is determined that it is more likely than not that the tax benefits will be realized. We recognized a net decrease of $01 millionin our valuation allowance during 2015.For federal income tax reporting purposes, we have no net operating loss carryforwards. For state reporting purposes, we have approximately $462 millionof net operating loss carryforwards that will expire between 2016 and 2035, if not utilized. Based on managements assessment of the various state net operating losses, it was determined that it is more likely than not that the we will be able to realize tax benefits on some portion of the amount of the state losses. The valuation allowance at December31, 2015was attributable to the deferred tax asset related to a portion of the state operating losses.We analyze tax benefits for uncertain tax positions and how they are to be recognized, measured, and derecognized in financial statements; provide certain disclosures of uncertain tax matters; and specify how reserves for uncertain tax positions should be classified on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. We have reviewed our income tax positions and identified certain tax deductions, primarily related to business acquisitions that are not certain. Our policy with respect to potential penalties and interest is to record them as Other expense and Interest expense, respectively. The entire balance of unrecognized tax benefits at December31, 2015, if recognized, would affect our effective tax rate. We do not anticipate a significant increase or decrease in our unrecognized tax benefits during the next twelve months.We have unrecognized tax benefits for federal and state income tax purposes totaling $08 millionas of December31, 2015, resulting primarily from deductions totaling $16 millionon federal and state returns. We have accounted for these unrecognized tax benefits by booking a FIN 48 liability. 86Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continuedA reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows in thousands:Year Ended  tax benefit at beginning of  based on tax positions related to the prior year93Reductions for tax year 2011 federal audit7,310Additions based on tax positions related to the current year209299Reductions as a result of a lapse of the applicable statute of  tax benefit at end of year$7,832$515$814The entire balance of unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized, would affect our effective tax rate. For the year ended December31, 2015, we did not recognize any penalties, but we did recognize interest in our Consolidated Balance Sheets and our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Our federal income tax returns for 2012 through 2014are open tax years that may be examined by the Internal Revenue Service. Our unrecognized state tax benefits are related to state returns open from 2012 through 201518. STOCKHOLDERS EQUITYShare AuthorizationWe are authorized to issue 80,000,000shares of common stock, $001per share par value. We had 22,497,873and 22,434,609shares issued and outstanding, net of 5,849,316and 3,921,651shares held in treasury at par, at December31, 2015and 2014, respectively. Stock Based Compensation PlansAt December31, 2015, we had one stock benefit plan in effect under which stock option grants or restricted stock have been issued or remain outstanding: the Second Amended and Restated 2006 Long-Term Incentive Plan the Amended and Restated 2006 Plan. All of the options granted under this plan have either five, seven or ten-year terms. The Amended and Restated 2006 Plan expires on May24, 2022. The expiration and termination of these plans does not affect the options previously issued and outstanding.All stock-based plans are administered by the Compensation Committee appointed by our Board of Directors the Board. The Amended and Restated 2006 Plan provides for grants of options as non-qualified options or incentive stock options, restricted stock, stock appreciation rights and performance awards. Option grants are required by the Amended and Restated 2006 Plan to be issued with an exercise price equal to or greater than the fair market value of Carriages common stock as determined by the average of the high and low closing price on the date of the option grant. The status of the Amended and Restated 2006 Plan at December31, 2015is as follows shares in thousands:  and Restated 2006 Plan5,0001,1571,69587Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continuedEmployee Stock OptionsEmployee stock options have historically been granted annually, as approved by the Compensation Committee of the Board. The options are granted with an exercise price equal to the market price of our common stock on the date of grant. We utilize the Black-Scholes option valuation model for estimating the fair value of our stock options. This model allows the use of a range of assumptions related to volatility, risk-free interest rate, expected holding period and dividend yield. The expected volatility utilized in the valuation model is based on the historical volatility of our stock price. The dividend yield and expected holding period are based on historical experience and management estimate of future events. The risk-free interest rate is derived from the U.S. Treasury yield curve based on the expected life of the option in effect at the time of grant. The fair values of our stock options were calculated using the following weighted average of assumptions, based on the methods described above for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2014 and  periodyears363736During the first quarter of 2015, we granted 628,000options to certain employees at a grant price of $2258and 25,000options to a new employee at a grant price of $2474. These options will vest in 3333%increments over a threeyear period and have a sevenyear term. The value of these stock options is approximately $37 million. In 2014, a total of 803,700stock options were awarded, the value of which is approximately $41 million. In 2013, a total of 562,500stock options were awarded, the value of which is approximately $23 million.A summary of the stock options at December31, 2013, 2014and 2015and changes during the three years ended December31, 2015is presented in the table and narrative below shares in thousands:Year Ended  PriceSharesWtd.Avg.Ex. PriceSharesWtd.Avg.Ex. PriceOutstanding at beginning of  or  at end of  at end of  aggregate intrinsic value of the outstanding and exercisable stock options at December31, 2015was $87 millionand $53 million, respectively. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during 2013, 2014and 2015totaled $05 million, $10 millionand $11 million, respectively. The total fair value of stock options vested during 2013, 2014and 2015totaled approximately $02 million, $08 millionand $18 million, respectively. We recorded compensation expense related to stock options totaling approximately $08 million, $16 millionand $24 millionin 2013, 2014and 2015, respectively. The significant increase in expense for the year ended December31, 2015as compared to 2014 was due to additional expense of approximately $9 million related to the 2015 grant of stock options.As of December31, 2015, there was $35 millionof unrecognized compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures, related to nonvested stock options expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately twoyears88Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continuedThe following table further describes our outstanding stock options at December31, 2015: Options OutstandingOptions ExercisableActual Ranges of Exercise PricesNumber Outstanding at  PriceNumber Exercisable at  Price$478 -  -  -  -  Stock Purchase PlanWe provide all employees the opportunity to purchase common stock through payroll deductions in our employee stock purchase plan ESPP. Purchases are made quarterly; the price being 85%of the lower of the price on the first day of the plan entry date beginning of a quarter or the actual date of purchase end of quarter. In 2015, employees purchased a total of 44,074shares at a weighted average price of $1717per share. In 2014, employees purchased a total of 55,877shares at a weighted average price of $1550per share. In 2013, employees purchased a total of 76,272shares at a weighted average price of $1189per share. Compensation expense for the ESPP totaling approximately $277,000, $260,000, and $197,000was expensed in 2013, 2014and 2015, respectively.The fair values of the right option to purchase shares under the ESPP are estimated at the date of purchase with the four quarterly purchase dates using the following  012%,0135%, 015%007%, 009%,011%, 013%002%, 011%,018%, 025%Expectedlifeyears25, 50, 75, 10025, 50, 75, 10025, 50, 75, 100Expected volatilities are based on the historical volatility during the previous twelve months of the underlying common stock. The risk-free rate for the quarterly purchase periods is based on the U.S. Treasury yields in effect at the time of purchase. The expected life of the ESPP grants represents the calendar quarters from the beginning of the year to the purchase date end of each quarter.Restricted Stock GrantsFrom time to time, we issue shares of restricted common stock to certain officers, key employees and directors of the Company from our stock benefit plans. The restricted stock shares issued to officers and key employees vest in either 25%or 3333%increments over fouror threeyear terms, respectively. During the first quarter of 2015, we issued restricted stock awards totaling 37,900to certain employees that vest over a threeyear period and had an aggregate grant date market value of approximately  $09 million. During the third quarter of 2015, we issued restricted stock awards totaling 4,837to a new director, one-half that vests immediately and the remainder vests equally over a twoyear period and had an aggregate grant date market value of            $01 million. A summary of the status of unvested restricted stock awards as of December31, 2015, and changes during 2015, is presented below shares in thousands:Unvested stock  DateFair ValueUnvested at January1,  at December31, 2015202$206489Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continuedRelated to the vesting of restricted stock awards previously awarded to our officers and key employees, we recorded compensation expense, which is included in general, administrative and other expenses, totaling $17 millionfor the year ended December31, 2013, $18 millionfor the year ended December31, 2014and $15 millionfor the year ended December31, 2015. As of December31, 2015, we had $52 millionof total unrecognized compensation costs related to unvested restricted stock awards, which are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately 21years.Performance-Based Stock AwardsDuring the third quarter of 2012, the Compensation Committee of our Board granted performance-based awards the PBS Awards with both market and service vesting conditions to certain officers, employees and outside directors. No PBS Awards were granted during fiscal year 2013 or 2014. To the extent vested, each PBS Award represented the right to receive a specified number of shares of our common stock, subject to the grantees payment, with respect to each share of common stock subject to such PBS Award, of an amount equal to the greater of a the then-current market price per share of our common stock on the date such PBS Award was granted plus $050or b $900. Each PBS Award would have vested if on or before the fifth anniversary of the applicable grant date, the closing price of our common stock was greater than or equal to $2150on any threedays, whether or not consecutive, within a period of 30consecutive calendar days, subject to the applicable grantees continuous employment or service relationship with us through such date the Price Vesting Date. However, if the Price Vesting Date occurred prior to the first anniversary of the grant date, then each PBS Award would not vest until the first anniversary of such grant date, subject to the applicable grantee continued employment or service relationship with us through the first anniversary of the grant date.On January 3, 2014, we offered all grantees who held outstanding PBS Awards an opportunity to surrender their PBS Awards to us in exchange for cash payments equal to the product of i the difference between x $1900and y the applicable purchase price under their respective PBS Awards and ii the number of shares of our common stock subject to their PBS Awards the Cash Out Payments.All outstanding PBS Awards were surrendered to us and canceled in exchange for Cash Out Payments of approximately $162 million. Of this amount, $32 millionwas paid to the Board.Director Compensation PlansOur Director Compensation Policy provides for the following: i the chairman of our Audit Committee receives an annual cash retainer of $17,500, the chairman of our Compensation and Corporate Governance Committees receives an annual cash retainer of $15,000and the Lead Director of our Board receives an annual cash retainer of $115,000, payable in quarterly installments; and ii each independent director of our Board receives an annual cash retainer of $40,000paid on a quarterly basis and an annual equity retainer of $75,000in shares of our common stock issued at our annual meeting of stockholders. Additionally, each independent director receives $2,000for each regular or special meeting of the full Board and our Audit Committee attended in person or by phone. Members of the other committees and their chairmen receive $1,600for each committee meeting held in person or by phone that such director attends. Under our Director Compensation Policy, the annual cash retainers for each committee chairman and the annual equity retainer are paid on the date of our annual meeting of stockholders, which for this year was held on May 19, 2015. On May19,2015, we issued shares of our common stock totaling 8,859to threeindependent directors for such retainer. One new director joined our Board during the third quarter 2015, at which time he was issued 4,837restricted stock awards valued at approximately $01 million. One-half of those shares vested immediately; the remainder vest over twoyears.We recorded $08 million, $08 millionand $07 million, respectively, in pre-tax compensation expense, which is included in general, administrative and other expenses, for each of the years ended December31, 2013, 2014and 2015related to the director fees, annual retainers and deferred compensation amortization.Cash DividendsOur Board declared fourquarterly dividends of $0025per share, totaling approximately $18 million, which were paid on March 2, 2015, June1,2015, September1,2015 and December1, 2015, respectively, to record holders of our common stock as of February 13,2015, May 14, 2015, August14,2015 and November13, 2015, respectively. We have a dividend reinvestment program so that stockholders may elect to reinvest their dividends into additional shares of our common stock90Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continuedAccumulated other comprehensive incomeOur components of Accumulated other comprehensive income are as follows:Accumulated Other Comprehensive IncomeBalance at December31, 2014$Increase in net unrealized gains associated with available-for-sale securities of the  of net unrealized gain activity attributable to the Deferred preneed funeral and cemetery receipts held in trust and Care trusts corpus22,573Balance at December 31, 2015$19. SHARE REPURCHASE PROGRAMOn May 19, 2015, our Board approved a share repurchase program authorizing us to purchase up to an aggregate of $250 millionof our common stock in accordance with the Exchange Act. On September 28, 2015, our Board authorized additional repurchases of $200 millionof our common stock bringing the total authorized repurchase amount to $450 million. During 2015, we purchased 1,927,665shares of our common stock for a total cost of $450 million, representing the entire authorized repurchase amount, at an average cost of $2334per share. Our shares were purchased in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. Purchases were at times and in amounts as management determined appropriate based on factors such as market conditions, legal requirements and other business considerations. Shares purchased pursuant to the repurchase program are currently held as treasury shares20. EARNINGS PER SHAREShare-based awards that contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends or dividend equivalents, whether paid or unpaid,are participating securities and included in the computation of both basic and diluted earnings per share.Our grants of restricted stock awards to our employees and directors are considered participating securities and we have prepared our earnings per share calculations to exclude outstanding unvested restricted stock awards, using the two-class method, in the basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding calculation.The following table sets forth the computation of the basic and diluted earnings per share for the years ended December31, 2013, 2014and2015:91Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continuedYear Ended  for basic earnings per share:Numerator from continuing operationsIncome from continuing  Earnings allocated to unvested restricted stock314295257Income attributable to continuing  from discontinued operationsIncome from discontinued operations$4,176$392$Less: Earnings allocated to unvested restricted stock858Income attributable to discontinued  for diluted earnings per share:Adjustment for diluted earnings per share:Interest on convertible junior subordinated debentures, net of tax$3,454 3,454$$Income attributable to continuing  attributable to discontinuing  for basic earnings per common share - weighted average shares  of dilutive securities:Stock options175149246Convertible junior subordinated debentures4,392Convertible subordinated notes276Denominator for diluted earnings per common share - weighted average shares  earnings per common share:Continuing  operations023002Basic earnings per common share$106$086$116Diluted earnings per common share:Continuing  operations018002Diluted earnings per common share$100$085$112The fully diluted weighted average shares outstanding for the year ended December31, 2015, and the corresponding calculation of fully diluted earnings per share, included approximately 03 millionshares that would have been issued upon the conversion of our convertible subordinated notes as a result of the application of the if-converted method prescribed by the FASB ASC 260. There were noshares for the year ended December31, 2014that would have been issued upon conversion under the if-converted method for our convertible subordinated notes.The fully diluted weighted average shares outstanding for the year ended December31, 2013, and the corresponding calculation of fully diluted earnings per share, included approximately 44 millionshares that would have been issued upon conversion of our convertible junior subordinated debentures as a result of the application of the if-converted method prescribed 92Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continuedby ASC 260. The convertible junior subordinated debentures were redeemed in March and April 2014. As a result, there was no impact on our calculation of fully diluted earnings per share for the years ended December31, 2014and 2015.Options to purchase 05 millionshares were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share for the year ended December31, 2013, because the effect would be anti-dilutive as the exercise prices exceeded the average market price of the common shares. There were nooptions excluded in the computation of diluted earnings per share for the years ended December31, 2014and 201593Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continued21. MAJOR SEGMENTS OF BUSINESSWe conduct funeral and cemetery operations only in the United States. The following table presents external revenues from continuing operations, net income loss from continuing operations, total assets, long-lived assets, depreciation and amortization from continuing operations, capital expenditures, number of operating locations, interest expense from continuing operations, and income tax expense benefit from continuing operations by  thousands, except number of operatinglocationsExternal revenues from continuing  loss from continuing operations before income    and amortization from continuing   of operating locations at year  expense:  tax expense benefit from continuing  of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continued22. SUPPLEMENTARY DATABalance SheetThe detail of certain balance sheet accounts as of December 31, 2014 and 2015 is as  thousandsOther Current Assets:Deferred taxes$3,750$4,256Income tax receivables3,293279Other current assets101172Total other current assets$7,144$4,707Accrued Liabilities:Accrued salaries and wages$2,073$2,383Accrued incentive compensation5,6605,862Accrued vacation1,9782,239Accrued insurance2,1712,246Accrued interest1,2321,295Accrued ad valorem and franchise taxes537604Accrued commissions654470Other accrued liabilities8981,442Total accrued  of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continuedRevenues and Costs and ExpensesThe detail of certain income statement accounts for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2014 and 2015 is as follows:Year Ended December31,201320142015in    revenuePreneed funeral commission  funeral trust  trust  finance charges1,4181,4101,587Total financial   of    expensesPreneed funeral  administration fees227249353Total financial  cost of  costs of revenues, for purposes of this supplemental disclosure, include only field costs and expenses that are directly allocable between the goods, services and financial categories in the funeral and cemetery segments. Depreciation and amortization and regional and unallocated funeral and cemetery costs are not included in this disclosure96Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continued23. QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA UNAUDITEDThe tables below set forth consolidated operating results by fiscal quarter for the years ended December31, 2014and 2015, in thousands, except earnings per   income from continuing  income available to common  earnings per common  earnings per common share:   income from continuing  income loss from discontinued operations58763743111Net income available to common  earnings per common  earnings per common share: a$012$017$026$029a Earnings per share are computed independently for each of the quarters presented. Therefore, the sum of the quarterly per share amounts, may not equal the total computed for 2014 and 2015 due to rounding97Table of ContentsNOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continued24. SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATIONThe following information is supplemental disclosure for the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows in thousands:Year Ended December31,201320142015Cash paid for interest and financing costs$12,248$8,894$9,159Cash paid for taxes6552,6748,283Fair value of stock, stock options and performance awards issued to directors, officers, and certain other  common stock withheld for payroll taxes1,6101,3051,580Net withdrawals deposits from / into preneed funeral trusts3,89141812,054Net withdrawals deposits from / into preneed cemetery trusts1,32418,681Net withdrawals from perpetual care trusts3,0911,8575,543Net increase in preneed  deposits withdrawals of receivables into / from preneed trusts7091,643735Net change in preneed funeral receivables increasing deferred revenue860677483Net change in preneed cemetery receivables increasing decreasing deferred revenue327374154Net withdrawals deposits from / into preneed funeral trust accounts decreasing increasing deferred preneed funeral receipts held in trust3,89141812,054Net withdrawals deposits from / into preneed cemetery trust accounts decreasing increasing deferred cemetery receipts held in trust1,32418,681Net withdrawals from perpetual care trust accounts decreasing care trusts  SUBSEQUENT EVENTSOn February 9, 2016, we entered into a seventh amendment the Seventh Amendment to our Credit Facility. The Seventh Amendment resulted in, among other things, i reducing our LIBOR based variable interest rate 375basis points, ii extending the maturity so that the Credit Agreement will mature at the earlier of a any date that is 91 daysprior to the maturity of any subordinated debt including the $14375 millionin principal amount of the Convertible Notes or b February 9, 2021, iii increasing and funding the term loan so that $150 millionwas outstanding upon the effectiveness of the Seventh Amendment, iv reducing the size of the revolver to $150 million, vincreasing the accordion to $75 millionand vi updating the amortization payments for the term loan facility so that the borrowings under the term loan facility are subject to amortization payments of $281 millionat the end of each fiscal quarter beginning with the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2016 through the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2017, $375 millionat the end of each fiscal quarter beginning with the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2018 through the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2020 and $469 millionat the end of each fiscal quarter beginning with the fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2020 through the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 202098Table of ContentsCARRIAGE SERVICES, INC.SCHEDULE II VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTSin  yearChargedtocosts  yearYear ended December31, 2013:Allowance for bad debts, current  for receivables from preneed funeral and cemetery trusts and contract cancellations, non-current  severance  reserves$108$$91$17Valuation allowance of the deferred tax asset$317$227$76$468Year ended December31, 2014:Allowance for bad debts, current  for receivables from preneed funeral and cemetery trusts and contract cancellations, non-current  severance  reserves$17$$14$3Valuation allowance of the deferred tax asset$468$$138$330Year ended December31, 2015:Allowance for bad debts, current  for receivables from preneed funeral and cemetery trusts and contract cancellations, non-current  severance  reserves$3$$3$Valuation allowance of the deferred tax asset$330$$141$18999Table of Contents