Item 8. Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data 
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
Consolidated balance sheets as of December31, 2005 and December25,
2004
Consolidated statements of income for the
years ended December31, 2005, December25, 2004 and December27,
2003
Consolidated statements of shareholders
equity for the years ended December31, 2005, December25, 2004 and
December27, 2003
Consolidated statements of cash flows for
the years ended December31, 2005, December25, 2004 and December27,
2003
Notes to consolidated financial statements
Item 1.
Business
Item
1A.
Risk
Factors
Item
2.
Properties
Item
3.
Legal
Proceedings
Item 4.
Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
PARTII
Item 5. Controls
and Procedures. a Evaluation of
Disclosure Controls and Procedures The Companys management, with the
participation of the Companys Chief Executive Officer currently acting as
both our principal executive and principal financial officer, evaluated the
effectiveness of the Companys disclosure controls and procedures as of the end
of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Chief
Executive Officer concluded that the Companys disclosure controls and
procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report have been
designed and are functioning effectively to provide reasonable assurance that
the information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports filed under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported within the time period specified in the SECs rulesand forms. b Change in Internal
Control over Financial Reporting During the third quarter, an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of the Companys principal executive officer and principal financial officer of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Companys disclosure controls and procedures as of October1, 2005. Based on that evaluation, the Companys principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that the Companys disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of October1, 2005. The conclusion that the Companys disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of October1, 2005, was based on the identification of a material weakness in the Companys internal controls over financial reporting as of June25, 200
5 that continued into the third quarter ended October1, 2005. The material weakness related to deficiencies or inadequacies in the following specific areas: 1execution of selected aspects of the Companys processes and controls environment over trade spending programs to ensure prompt notification and recording of the transactions, and 2inadequate monitoring of product inventory levels at a single large customer. This conclusion was made by management with the input of an independent consultant engaged by the Companys audit committee.The Company has taken steps to improve its internal control structure to remediate this material weakness by 1hiring additional qualified a
nd experienced people, 2improving documentation and reporting of trade spending programs, 3increasing reporting frequency and monitoring of trade spending and large customer inventory levels, and 4enhancing its trade spending accrual preparation and review process.
These were the only changes in the Companys internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the Companys most recent fiscal
quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, the Companys internal control over financial reporting. 26 The Companys Chief Executive Officer
currently acting as both our principal executive and principal financial
officer does not expect that the Companys internal controls will prevent all
errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and
operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the
objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control
system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the
benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the
inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of internal controls
can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud,
if any, within the Company have been detected. Also, projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that
internal controls maybecome inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures maydeteriorate. Item 1.
Business
Item
1A.
Risk
Factors
Item
2.
Properties
Item
3.
Legal
Proceedings
Item 4.
Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
PARTII
Item 5. Directors
and Executive Officers of the Registrant Code of Ethics Each of the Companys directors, officers and
employees are required to comply with the Poore Brothers,Inc. Code of
Business Conduct and Ethics adopted by the Company. The Code of Business
Conduct and Ethics sets forth policies covering a broad range of subjects and
requires strict adherence to laws and regulations applicable to the Companys
business. The Company has also adopted a Financial Code of Ethics for its Chief
Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and all other finance managers. The
Financial Code of Ethics supplements the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
and is intended to emphasize the importance of honest and ethical conduct in
connection with the Companys financial reporting obligations. The Code of
Business Conduct and Ethics and the Financial Code of Ethics are available on
the Companys website at www.poorebrothers.com, under the Investors-Governance
captions. Copies of these Codes mayalso be obtained, without charge, by
any shareholder upon written request directed to the Secretary of the Company
at 3500 South La Cometa Drive, Goodyear, Arizona 85338. The Company will post
to its website any amendments to these Codes, or waiver from the provisions
thereof, applicable to the Companys directors or any principal executive
officer, principal financial officer principal accounting officer or
controller, or any person performing similar functions under the Investors-Governance-Code
of Business Conduct-Waivers caption. The information regarding Directors and
Executive Officers appearing under the headings Proposal 1: Election of
Directors, Executive Officers and Section16aBeneficial
Ownership Reporting Compliance of the Companys 2006 Proxy Statement is
incorporated by reference in this section. 