ITEM8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. The financial statements and supplementary financial data required by this item are listed under Part IV.  following the signature page hereto and are incorporated by reference herein.
Item1.
Business 5 Item1A.
Risk Factors 16 Item1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments 27 Item2.
Properties 28 Item3.
Legal Proceedings 33 Item4.
Removed and Reserved 33 PART II Item5.
Controls and Procedures. We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the SECs rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosures. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. Our management, with the participation of our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December31, 2010. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that
our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December31, 2010, to accomplish their objectives at the reasonable assurance level. There were no changes in the Companys internal control over financial reporting as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15f and 15d-15f under the Exchange Act that occurred during the quarter
ended December31, 2010, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Companys internal control over financial reporting. 
68 Table of Contents
REPORT OF MANAGEMENT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
Management of Genesee Wyoming Inc. is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15f or 15d-15f under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
that:  pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of
Genesee Wyoming Inc.;  provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America;  provide reasonable assurance that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with the authorization of management and directors of
Genesee Wyoming Inc.; and  provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of assets that could have a
material effect on the consolidated financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the
degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting as of December31, 2010. Management based this assessment on criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting described in the Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The Company internal controls over financial reporting, established and maintained by management, are under the general oversight of the Company Audit Committee. Managements assessment
included an evaluation of the design of our internal control over financial reporting and testing of the operating effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. 
Based on this assessment, management determined that, as of December31, 2010, we maintained effective internal control over
financial reporting. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, which has audited and
reported on the consolidated financial statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, has audited the effectiveness of the Companys internal control over financial reporting as stated in their report which is included herein under
Part IV. . Exhibits, Financial Statements and Schedules. 
69 Table of Contents Item1.
Business 5 Item1A.
Risk Factors 16 Item1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments 27 Item2.
Properties 28 Item3.
Legal Proceedings 33 Item4.
Removed and Reserved 33 PART II Item5.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our proxy statement to be filed within 120 days after the end
of our fiscal year in connection with the Annual Meeting of the Stockholders of GWI to be held on May26, 2011, under Election of Directors and Executive Officers. 
We have adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to all directors, officers and employees, including our chief executive officer, our chief
financial officer, and our chief accounting officer and global controller. The Code of Ethics is available on the Governance page of the Companys Internet website at www.gwrr.com. We will post any amendments to the Code of Ethics and any
waivers that are required to be disclosed by the rules of either the SEC or the NYSE on our Internet website within the required time period.  