Item8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Our consolidated financial statements as of December31, 2005 and 2004 and for the three years in the period ended December31, 2005 and the Report of Ernst and Young LLP, Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm, are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K on pages F-1 through F-40.  Item1.
Business
1 
Item1A.
Risk Factors
18 
Item1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments
34 
Item2.
Properties
34 
Item3.
Legal Proceedings
34 
Item4.
Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
34 PART II 
Item5.
Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. Based on our evaluation during the most recent quarter, our principal
executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15e and 15d-15e under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended the Exchange Act were
effective as of December31, 2005 to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and
forms. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There have been no significant changes in our internal controls over financial reporting during the fourth quarter ended December31, 2005 that could significantly affect our disclosure controls and procedures
subsequent to the date of the previously mentioned evaluation. 
60 Table of Contents
Managements Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting MANAGEMENT STATEMENT RESPONSIBILITY FOR PREPARATION OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND ESTABLISHING AND MAINTAINING ADEQUATE INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING We are responsible for the preparation of the financial statements included in this Annual Report. The financial statements were prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America and include amounts that are based on the best estimates and judgments of management. The other financial information contained in this Annual Report is consistent with the financial statements. Our internal control system is designed to provide reasonable assurance concerning the reliability of the financial data used in the preparation of
Nanogens financial statements, as well as to safeguard the Companys assets from unauthorized use or disposition. All internal
control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement presentation. REPORT OF MANAGEMENT ON NANOGEN, INC.S INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING We are also responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. We conducted an evaluation of the
effectiveness of the Companys internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2005. In making this evaluation, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
COSOin Internal Control Integrated Framework. Our evaluation included reviewing the documentation of our controls, evaluating the design effectiveness of our controls and testing their operating effectiveness. Our evaluation did
not include assessing the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting at our consolidated variable interest entity, Jurilab LTD. We did not assess the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting at this entity due to
the immateriality of our investment in the entity and the consolidated financial statement amounts of the entity. However, we did assess controls over the recording of amounts related to our investment in Jurilab, LTD in our consolidated financial
statements and determined those controls to be effective. Based on this evaluation we believe that, as of December31, 2005, the Companys internal controls over financial reporting were effective. Ernst and Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has issued their report on our evaluation of Nanogens internal control over
financial reporting. Their report appears on page62 of this Annual Report. Date: March16, 2006  S/HOWARD
BIRNDORF
Howard Birndorf Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Date: March16, 2006 S/ROBERT
SALTMARSH
Robert Saltmarsh Chief Financial Officer
61 Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
To The Board of Directors and Stockholders of Nanogen, Inc. We have audited managements assessment, included in the accompanying Managements Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, that Nanogen, Inc. maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2005, based on criteria established in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission the COSO criteria. Nanogen, Inc.s management is responsible for
maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on managements assessment and an opinion on
the effectiveness of the companys internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance
with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was
maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, evaluating managements assessment, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal
control, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. A companys internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A companys internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that 1 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 2 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 3 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention
or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the companys assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk
that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. As indicated in the accompanying Managements Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, managements assessment of, and conclusion on, the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting did not include the internal controls of Jurilab LTD Jurilab, a recent investment made by Nanogen, Inc. which was considered a variable interest entity, that was consolidated with the 2005 consolidated financial statements of
Nanogen, Inc., and constituted $12 million of total assets and $71 million of net capital deficit as of December 31, 2005 and $142 thousand and $19 million of revenues and net loss, respectively, for the period from the date of Nanogen,
Inc.s investment through December 31, 2005. Management did not assess the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting at this entity due to the immateriality of their investment in the entity and the consolidated financial
statement amounts. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of Nanogen, Inc. also did not include an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of Jurilab. In our opinion, managements assessment that Nanogen, Inc., maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2005,
is fairly stated, in all material respects, based on the COSO criteria. Also, in our opinion, Nanogen, Inc., maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2005, based on the COSO
criteria. 
62 Table of Contents
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
United States, the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2005 and 2004, and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2005 of
Nanogen, Inc. and our report dated March 6, 2006, except for the second paragraph of Note 16 as to which the date is March 16, 2006, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. /s/ERNST YOUNG LLP San Diego, California March6, 2006 
63 Table of Contents 