ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA  Financial statements and supplementary financial information specified by this Item, together with the report of our independent public accountants thereon, are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K on pages F-1 through F-30 below.
29 Table of Contents
Item 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS  Not Applicable. 
14 Table of Contents
PART II  
Item 5. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  Our
chief executive officer and principal financial officer evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15e and 15d-15e under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as of the end of the period covered
by this report the Evaluation Date and, based on that evaluation, concluded that, as of the Evaluation Date, the disclosure controls and procedures were effective, in all material respects, to ensure that information required to be
disclosed in the reports we file and submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported as and when required.  Except as discussed below, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during 2003 that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  In connection with its audit of our consolidated financial statements for the year ended September 30, 2002, Deloitte Touche LLP identified certain internal control deficiencies that were communicated to the
Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. Our internal controls related to tracking, reconciling and maintaining inventory records of fixed assets, accounting for internal use software and evaluating the nature and classification of leases were
determined to be material weaknesses as defined in Statement on Auditing Standards No. 60, Communication of Internal Control Related Matters Noted in an Audit. In addition, internal controls related to reconciling certain internal
revenue reports, accounting policies and procedures, documentation surrounding government incentives, documentation related to transfers and disposals of fixed assets, fixed asset cutoff procedures, the allowance for doubtful accounts and certain
tax matters were determined to be reportable conditions.  In order to ensure
that these disclosure and internal control deficiencies did not result in material misstatements of our consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended September 30, 2003, we have allocated additional resources in the area of fixed
assets and improved our month-end closing procedures, performed a physical inventory of our fixed assets, implemented a review process for all internal use software capitalized and for all new lease agreements, completed the reconciliation of
certain internal revenue reports, completed updating and enhancing our accounting policies and procedures, improved our procedures for tracking and recording government incentives, enhanced our system for tracking and documenting the transfer and
disposal of fixed assets, implemented procedures to address cutoff of fixed assets, revised the methodology for calculating our allowance for doubtful accounts, and improved our process for evaluating and documenting the need for a valuation
allowance on our deferred tax assets. 
30 Table of Contents
PART III  
