ITEM 8.FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATAIndex To Consolidated Financial StatementsPage No.Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm58Report of Ernst Young - Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm59Consolidated Balance Sheets at December31, 2015 and 201460Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December31, 2015, 2014, and 201361Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December31, 2015, 2014, and 201362Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, and 201363Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December31, 2015, 2014, and 201364Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements65Schedule IIValuation and Qualifying Accounts88All other schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the Consolidated Financial Statements or the Notes thereto57REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRMTo the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Intuitive Surgical, Inc.In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders equity and cash flows present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Intuitive Surgical, Inc. and its subsidiaries at December 31, 2015, and December 31, 2014, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2015, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. In addition, in our opinion, the financial statement schedule for the two years ended December 31, 2015, listed in the accompanying index presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein when read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework2013 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO. The Company management is responsible for these financial statements and financial statement schedule, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Managements Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on these financial statements, on the financial statement schedule, and on the Company internal control over financial reporting based on our integrated audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.A companys internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A companys internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that ipertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; iiprovide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and iiiprovide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the companys assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate./s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLPSan Jose, CaliforniaFebruary2, 201658Table of ContentsREPORT OF ERNST YOUNG - INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRMThe Board of Directors and Stockholders of Intuitive Surgical, Inc.We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows of Intuitive Surgical, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2013. Our audit also included the financial statement schedule listed in the index at a. These financial statements and schedule are the responsibility of the Companys management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and schedule based on our audits.We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects the consolidated results of operations and cash flows for Intuitive Surgical, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2013, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly in all material respects, the information set forth therein./s/ ERNST YOUNGLLPSan Francisco, CaliforniaFebruary3, 2014 59Table of Contents INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC.CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETSIN MILLIONS, EXCEPT PAR VALUE AMOUNTSDecember 31,20152014ASSETSCurrent assets:Cash and cash  investments84526322Accounts receivable, net of allowances of $21 and $03 at December 31, 2015 and 2014,  and other current assets735826Total current assets2,19551,8119Property, plant and equipment, net43213874Long-term  deferred tax assets16781713Intangible and other assets,   AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITYCurrent liabilities:Accounts payable$526$616Accrued compensation and employee benefits1173962Deferred revenue22562166Other accrued liabilities9641268Total current liabilities49195012Other long-term liabilities959788Total  and contingencies Note 7Stockholders equity:Preferred stock, 25 shares authorized, $0001 par value, issuable in series; no shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, respectivelyCommon stock, 1000 shares authorized, $0001 par value, 374 shares and 366 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, respectivelyAdditional paid-in capital3,42982,8968Retained earnings89924877Accumulated other comprehensive loss9551Total stockholders equity4,31953,3794Total liabilities and stockholders equity$4,9073$3,9594See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements60Table of ContentsINTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOMEIN MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTSYears Ended December   of  cost of revenue806571796709Gross  expenses:Selling, general and  and  operating expenses837986907417Income from  and other income, net18542184Income before taxes758554908709Income tax expense169713021999Net income$5888$4188$6710Net income per  used in computing net income per  accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements61Table of ContentsINTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOMEIN MILLIONSYears Ended December 31,201520142013Net income$5888$4188$6710Other comprehensive income loss:Change in foreign currency translation gains  investments:Change in unrealized losses, net of tax323939Less: Reclassification adjustment for net gains losses on investments recognized during the year, net of tax082006Net change, net of tax  instruments:Change in unrealized gains losses788618Less: Reclassification adjustment for gains losses on derivative instruments recognized during the year, net of tax747518Net change, net of tax effect0411Employee benefit plans:Change in unrealized losses0442Less: Reclassification adjustment for gains losses on employee benefit plans recognized during the year, net of tax0803Net change, net of tax effect0439Other comprehensive loss447245Total comprehensive income$5844$4116$6665See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements62Table of ContentsINTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITYIN MILLIONSCommon   at December 31,  of common stock through employee stock plans 0616061606Income tax benefit from employee stock plans345345Share-based compensation expense related to employee stock plans16891689Repurchase and retirement of common  income67106710Other comprehensive loss 4545Balances at December 31,  of common stock through employee stock plans 0928362836Income tax benefit from employee stock plans139139Share-based compensation expense related to employee stock plans16891689Repurchase and retirement of common  income41884188Other comprehensive loss7272Balances at December 31,  of common stock through employee stock plans 1236113611Income tax benefit from employee stock plans214214Shares withheld related to net share settlement of equity  compensation expense related to employee stock plans16791679Repurchase and retirement of common  income58885888Other comprehensive loss4444Balances at December 31,  accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements63Table of ContentsINTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWSIN MILLIONSYears Ended December 31,201520142013Operating activities:Net  to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:Depreciation and loss on disposal of property, plant, and equipment, net651520460Amortization of intangible assets244224213Loss gain on investment, accretion of discounts, and amortization of premiums on investments, net264339368Deferred income taxes46350385Income tax benefits from employee stock plans215139345Excess tax benefit from employee stock  compensation expense167916891689Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisition:Accounts  and other  payable11317789Accrued compensation and employee  revenue82198152Other liabilities105634111Net cash provided by operating  activities:Purchase of  from sales of  from maturities of  of property, plant and equipment, intellectual property  of business, net of cash acquired843Net cash provided by used in investing  activities:Proceeds from issuance of common stock relating to employee stock plans361128361606Excess tax benefit from employee stock plans343240380Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards110Repurchase and retirement of common  financing activities73Net cash provided by used in financing  of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents1506Net increase decrease in cash and cash  and cash equivalents, beginning of year600378215537Cash and cash equivalents, end of year$7146$6003$7821See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements64Table of ContentsINTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC.NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSNOTE 1.DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESSIntuitive Surgical, Inc. designs, manufactures, and markets da VinciSurgical Systems and related instruments and accessories, which taken together, are advanced surgical systems, that the Company believes enable a new generation of surgery. This advanced generation of surgery, which the Company calls da VinciSurgery, combines the benefits of minimally invasive surgery MIS for patients with the ease of use, precision and dexterity of open surgery. A da VinciSurgical System consists of a surgeons console, a patient-side cart and a high performance vision system. The da VinciSurgical System translates a surgeons natural hand movements, which are performed on instrument controls at a console, into corresponding micro-movements of instruments positioned inside the patient through small incisions, or ports. The da VinciSurgical System is designed to provide its operating surgeons with intuitive control, range of motion, fine tissue manipulation capability and Three Dimensional 3-D, High-Definition HD vision while simultaneously allowing surgeons to work through the small ports enabled by MIS procedures. NOTE 2.SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIESBasis of PresentationThe accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP and include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Use of EstimatesThe preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The accounting estimates that require managements most significant, difficult and subjective judgments include the valuation and recognition of investments, the valuation of the revenue and allowance for sales returns and doubtful accounts, the estimation of hedging transactions, the valuation of inventory, the assessment of recoverability of intangible assets and their estimated useful lives, revenue recognition, the valuation and recognition of share-based compensation, the recognition and measurement of current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities, and the legal contingencies estimate. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates. Concentrations of Credit Risk and Other Risks and UncertaintiesThe carrying amounts for financial instruments consisting of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate fair value due to their short maturities. Marketable securities and derivative instruments are stated at their estimated fair values, based on quoted market prices for the same or similar instruments. The counterparties to the agreements relating to the Companys investment securities and derivative instruments consist of various major corporations, financial institutions, municipalities and government agencies of high credit standing. The Companys accounts receivable are derived from net revenue to customers and distributors located throughout the world. The Company performs credit evaluations of its customers financial condition and, generally, requires no collateral from its customers. The Company provides reserves for potential credit losses but has not experienced significant losses to date. As of December31, 2015, and 2014, 69%and 64%, respectively, of accounts receivable were from domestic customers. No single customer represented more than 10% of net accounts receivable as of December31, 2015, and 2014. During the years ended December31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, domestic revenue accounted for 71%, 70%, and 72%of total revenue, respectively, while outside of the U.S. revenue accounted for 29%, 30%, and 28%, respectively, of total revenue for each of the years then ended. No single customer represented more than 10% of total revenue for the years ended December31, 2015, 2014, and 2013. Cash and Cash EquivalentsThe Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity from date of purchase of 90days or less to be cash equivalents. InvestmentsAvailable-for-sale investments.The Companys investments consist of U.S. treasury and U.S. government agency securities, taxable and tax exempt municipal notes, corporate notes and bonds, commercial paper, and money market funds. The Company has designated all investments as available-for-sale and therefore, such investments are reported at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income. For securities sold prior to maturity, the cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification method. Realized gains and losses on the sale of investments are recorded in interest 65Table of Contentsand other income, net in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Investments with original maturities greater than approximately three months and remaining maturities less than one year are classified as short-term investments. Investments with remaining maturities greater than one year are classified as long-term investments. Other-than-temporary impairment.All of the Companys investments are subject to a periodic impairment review. The Company recognizes an impairment charge when a decline in the fair value of its investments below the cost basis is judged to be other-than-temporary. Factors considered in determining whether a loss is temporary included the extent and length of time the investment fair value has been lower than its cost basis, the financial condition and near-term prospects of the investee, extent of the loss related to credit of the issuer, the expected cash flows from the security, the Companys intent to sell the security, and whether or not the Company will be required to sell the security prior the expected recovery of the investment amortized cost basis. During the year ended December31, 2014, the Company recorded pre-tax other-than-temporary losses of $85 millionrelated to equity investments. No such charges were recorded during the years ended December31, 2015, and 2013.Fair Value MeasurementsThe Company measures the fair value of money market funds, corporate equity securities and certain U.S. Treasury securities based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets as Level 1 securities. Marketable securities, measured at fair value using Level 2 inputs, are primarily comprised of U.S. and non-U.S. government agencies and corporate debt securities. The Company reviews trading activity and pricing for these investments as of the measurement date. When sufficient quoted pricing for identical securities is not available, the Company uses market pricing and other observable market inputs for similar securities obtained from various third party data providers. These inputs either represent quoted prices for similar assets in active markets or have been derived from observable market data. This approach results in the Level 2 classification of these securities within the fair value hierarchy. InventoriesInventories are stated at the lower of standard cost, which approximates actual costs, or market, on a first-in, first-out basis. Inventory costs include direct materials, direct labor, and normal manufacturing overhead. The cost basis of the Companys inventory is reduced for any products that are considered excessive or obsolete based upon assumptions about future demand and market conditions.Property, Plant and EquipmentProperty, plant and equipment are stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets generally as follows: UsefulLivesBuildingUp to 30 yearsBuilding improvementsUp to 15 yearsLeasehold improvementsLesser of useful life or term of leaseEquipment and furniture5 yearsComputer equipment3 yearsEnterprise-wide softwareUp to 5 yearsPurchased softwareLesser of 3 years or life of licenseDepreciation expense for the years ended December31, 2015, 2014, and 2013was $611 million, $520 million, and $460 million, respectively. Capitalized Software Costs for Internal UseInternally developed software primarily includes enterprise-level business software that the Company customizes to meet its specific operational needs. The Company capitalized costs for enhancement of the enterprise resource planning software system and other internal use software of $148 million, $120 million, and $66 millionduring the years ended December31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively. Upon being placed in service, these costs are depreciated over an estimated useful life of up to 5years. Goodwill and Intangible AssetsGoodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are not amortized, but are tested for impairment at least annually during the fourth fiscal quarter, or as circumstances indicate their value may no longer be recoverable. Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net tangible and identifiable intangible assets. The Company continues to operate in onesegment, which is considered to be the sole reporting unit and therefore, goodwill was tested for impairment at the enterprise level. As of December31, 2015, there has been noimpairment of goodwill. 66Table of ContentsIntangible assets are carried at cost, net of accumulated amortization. The Company does not have intangible assets with indefinite useful lives other than goodwill. Amortization is recorded on a straight-line basis over the intangible assets' useful lives, which range from approximately 1to 9years. Impairment of Long-lived assetsThe Company evaluates long-lived assets, which include amortizable intangible and tangible assets, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of long-lived assets may not be recoverable. The Company recognizes such impairment in the event the net book value of such assets exceeds the future undiscounted cash flows attributable to such assets. No material impairment losses were incurred in the periods presented. Revenue RecognitionThe Companys revenue consists of product revenue resulting from the sales of systems, instruments and accessories, and service revenue. The Company recognizes revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or service has been rendered, the price is fixed or determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured. Revenue is presented net of taxes collected from customers that are remitted to government authorities. The Company generally recognizes revenue at the following points in time:System sales.For systems sold directly to end customers, revenue is recognized when acceptance occurs, which is deemed to have occurred upon customer acknowledgment of delivery or installation, depending on the terms of the arrangement. For systems sold through distributors, revenue is recognized when title and risk of loss has transferred, which generally occurs at the time of shipment. Distributors do not have price protection rights and the Companys system arrangements generally do not provide a right of return. The da VinciSurgical Systems are delivered with a software component. However, because the software and non-software elements function together to deliver the systems essential functionality, the Company arrangements are excluded from being accounted for under software revenue recognition guidance.Instruments and accessories.Revenue from sales of instruments and accessories is generally recognized at the time of shipment. The Company allows its customers in the normal course of business to return unused products for a limited period of time subsequent to initial purchase and records an allowance against revenue recognized based on historical experience.Service.Service revenue is recognized ratably over the term of the service period. Revenue related to services performed on a time-and-materials basis is recognized when it is earned and billable.The Company offers its customers the opportunity to trade in their older systems for credit towards the purchase of a newer generation system. The Company generally does not provide specified price trade-in rights or upgrade rights at the time of system purchase. Such trade-in or upgrade transactions are separately negotiated based on the circumstances at the time of the trade-in or upgrade, based on the then fair value of the system, and are generally not based on any pre-existing rights granted by the Company. Accordingly, such trade-ins and upgrades are not considered as separate deliverables in the arrangement for a system sale.As part of a trade-in transaction, the customer receives a new generation system in exchange for its pre-owned system. The trade-in credit is negotiated at the time of the trade-in and is applied towards the purchase price of the new generation unit. Traded-in systems can be reconditioned and resold. The Company accounts for trade-ins consistent with the guidance in AICPA Technical Practice Aid 510001, Equipment Sales Net of Trade-InsTPA 510001. The Company applies the accounting guidance by crediting system revenue for the negotiated price of the new generation system, while the difference between athe trade-in allowance and bthe net realizable value of the traded-in system less a normal profit margin is treated as a sales allowance. The value of the traded-in system is determined as the amount, after reconditioning costs are added, that will allow a normal profit margin on the sale of the reconditioned unit to be generated. When there is no market for the traded-in units, no value is assigned. Traded-in units are reported as a component of inventory until reconditioned and resold, or otherwise disposed.In addition, customers may also have the opportunity to upgrade their systems, for example, by adding a fourth arm to a three-arm system, adding a second surgeon console for use with the da Vinci SiTMand XiTMSurgical System. Such upgrades are performed by completing component level upgrades at the customers site. Upgrade revenue is recognized when the component level upgrades are complete and all revenue recognition criteria are met.The Company system sale arrangements contain multiple elements including a systems, system accessories, instruments, accessories, and system service. The Company generally delivers all of the elements, other than service, within days of entering into the system sale arrangement. Each of these elements is a separate unit of accounting. System accessories, instruments, accessories and service are also sold on a stand-alone basis. For multiple-element arrangements, revenue is allocated to each unit of accounting based on their relative selling prices. Relative selling prices are based first on vendor specific objective evidence of fair value VSOE, then on third-party evidence of selling price TPE when VSOE does not exist, and then on management best estimate of the selling price ESP when VSOE and TPE do not exist67Table of ContentsThe Companys system sale arrangements generally include a one-year period of free service, and the right for the customer to purchase service annually after that for up to four years at a stated service price. The revenue allocated to the free service period is deferred and recognized ratably over the free service period. Deferred revenue was primarily comprised of deferred revenue related to service contracts for the periods presented. Because the Company has neither VSOE nor TPE for its systems, the allocation of revenue is based on ESP for the systems sold. The objective of ESP is to determine the price at which the Company would transact a sale, had the product been sold on a stand-alone basis. The Company determines ESP for its systems by considering multiple factors, including, but not limited to, features and functionality of the system, geographies, type of customer, and market conditions. The Company regularly reviews ESP and maintains internal controls over establishing and updating these estimates.LeasesThe Company enters into sales-type lease and operating lease arrangements with certain qualified customers to purchase or rent its systems. Sales-type leases have on average a 5-year term and are usually collateralized by a security interest in the underlying assets. Revenue related to multiple-element arrangements are allocated to lease and non-lease elements based on their relative selling prices as prescribed by the Company revenue recognition policy. Lease elements generally include a da Vinci Surgical System, while non-lease elements generally include service, instruments and accessories.In determining whether a transaction should be classified as a sales-type or operating lease, the Company considers the following terms: 1 whether title of the system transfers automatically or for a nominal fee at the end of the term of the lease, 2 whether the present value of the minimum lease payments are equal to or greater than 90% of the fair market value of the system at the inception of the lease, 3 whether the life of the lease exceeds 75% of the life of the asset, and 4 whether there is an option to purchase the asset at a bargain price at the end of the lease term. The Company generally recognizes revenue from sales-type lease arrangements at the time the system is accepted by the customer, assuming all other revenue recognition criteria have been met. Revenue from sales-type leases is presented as product revenue. Revenue from operating lease arrangements is recognized as earned over the lease term, which is generally on a straight-line basis and is presented as product revenue. Operating lease revenue for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 was $70 millionand $13 million, respectively. Nooperating lease revenue was recognized for the year December 31, 2013.Allowance for Sales Returns and Doubtful AccountsThe allowance for sales returns is based on the Companys estimates of potential future product returns and other allowances related to current period product revenue. The Company analyzes historical returns, current economic trends, and changes in customer demand and acceptance of the Company products. The allowance for doubtful accounts is based on the Companys assessment of the collectability of customer accounts. The Company regularly reviews the allowance by considering factors such as historical experience, credit quality, the age of the accounts receivable balances, and current economic conditions that may affect a customers ability to pay.Share-Based CompensationThe Company accounts for share-based employee compensation plans using the fair value recognition and measurement provisions under U.S. GAAP. The Companys share-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date, based on the fair value of the award, and is recognized as expense over the requisite service period.  Expected Term:The expected term represents the weighted-average period that the stock options are expected to be outstanding prior to being exercised. The Company determines expected term based on historical exercise patterns and its expectation of the time it will take for employees to exercise options still outstanding. Expected Volatility:The Company uses market-based implied volatility for purposes of valuing options granted. Market-based implied volatility is derived based on at least one-year traded options on the Companys common stock. The extent to which the Company relies on market-based volatility when valuing options, depend among other things, on the availability of traded options on the Companys stock and the term of such options. Due to sufficient volume of the traded options, the Company used 100% market-based implied volatility to value options granted, which the Company believes is more representative of future stock price trends than historical volatility. Risk-Free Interest Rate:The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for the expected term of the option. The fair value of restricted stock units is determined based on the closing quoted price of the Company common stock on the day of the grant. See Note 9. Share-Based Compensation, for a detailed discussion of the Company stock plans and share-based compensation expense. 68Table of ContentsComputation of Net Income per ShareBasic net income per share is computed using the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net income per share is computed using the weighted-average number of shares and dilutive potential shares outstanding during the period. Dilutive potential shares primarily consist of employee stock options and restricted stock units. U.S. GAAP requires that employee equity share options, non-vested shares and similar equity instruments granted by the Company be treated as potential common shares outstanding in computing diluted earnings per share. Diluted shares outstanding include the dilutive effect of equity awards, which is calculated based on the average share price for each fiscal period using the treasury stock method. Under the treasury stock method, the amount the employee must pay for exercising stock options, the amount of compensation cost for future service that the Company has not yet recognized, and the amount of tax benefits that would be recorded in additional-paid-in-capital APIC when the award becomes deductible are all assumed to be used to repurchase shares. Research and Development ExpensesResearch and development expenses include amortization of purchased intellectual property, costs associated with co-development RD licensing arrangements, costs of prototypes, salaries, benefits and other headcount related costs, contract and other outside service fees, and facilities and overhead costs. Foreign Currency and Other Hedging InstrumentsFor subsidiaries whose local currency is their functional currency, their assets and liabilities are translated into U.S. dollars at exchange rates at the balance sheet date and revenues and expenses are translated using average exchange rates in effect during the period. Gains and losses from foreign currency translation are included in accumulated other comprehensive income loss within stockholders equity in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. For all non-functional currency account balances, the re-measurement of such balances to the functional currency results in either a foreign exchange gain or loss, which is recorded to interest and other income, net in the Consolidated Statements of Income in the same accounting period that the re-measurement occurred. The Company uses derivatives to partially offset its business exposure to foreign currency exchange risk. The terms of the Company derivative contracts are generally twelvemonths or shorter.The Company typically hedges portions of its forecasted foreign currency exposure associated with revenue and expenses. The Company may also enter into foreign currency forward contracts to offset the foreign currency exchange gains and losses generated by re-measurement of certain assets and liabilities denominated in non-functional currencies. The hedging program is not designated for trading or speculative purposes. The Companys accounting policies for these instruments are based on whether the instruments are designated as hedge or non-hedge instruments. The Company records all derivatives on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value. The effective portions of cash flow hedges are recorded in other comprehensive income loss OCI until the hedged item is recognized in earnings. Derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges are de-designated as hedges when it is probable the forecasted hedged transaction will not occur in the initially identified time period or within a subsequent two month time period. Gains and losses in OCI associated with such derivative instruments are reclassified immediately into earnings through interest and other income, net. Any subsequent changes in fair value of such derivative instruments also are reflected in current earnings. Derivatives that are not designated as hedging instruments and the ineffective portions of cash flow hedges are adjusted to fair value through earnings in interest and other income, net. Income TaxesDeferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in theyear in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts that are expected more likely than not to be realized in the future. The Company recognizes tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50%likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. SegmentsThe Company operates in one segment. Management uses one measurement of profitability and does not segregate its business for internal reporting. As of December31, 2015and 2014, 88%and 93%of all long-lived assets were in the United States. Revenue 69Table of Contentsis attributed to a geographic region based on the location of the end customer. For the years ended December31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, 71%, 70%, and 72%, respectively, of net revenue were generated in the United States. Legal Contingencies The Company is involved in a number of legal proceedings involving product liability, intellectual property, shareholder derivative actions, securities class actions, and other matters. A liability and related charge are recorded to earnings in the Company consolidated financial statements for legal contingencies when the loss is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. The assessment is reevaluated each accounting period and is based on all available information, including discussion with outside legal counsel. If a reasonable estimate of a known or probable loss cannot be made, but a range of probable losses can be estimated, the low-end of the range of losses is recognized if no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other. If a loss is reasonably possible, but not probable and can be reasonably estimated, the estimated loss or range of loss is disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. The Company expenses legal fees as incurred.When determining the estimated probable loss or range of losses, significant judgment is required to be exercised in order to estimate the amount and timing of the loss to be recorded. Estimates of probable losses resulting from litigation are inherently difficult to make, particularly when the matters are in early procedural stages with incomplete facts and information. The final outcome of legal proceedings is dependent on many variables difficult to predict, and therefore, the ultimate cost to entirely resolve such matters may be materially different than the amount of current estimates. Consequently, new information or changes in judgments and estimates could have a material adverse effect on the Company business, financial condition, and results of operations or cash flows.Recent Accounting PronouncementsIn May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Updates ASU No. 2014-09,Revenue from Contracts with Customers.The updated standard will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in U.S. GAAP when it becomes effective and permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. In August 2015, the FASB issued an update to defer the effective date of this update by one year. The updated standard becomes effective for the Company in the first quarter of fiscal year 2018, but allows the Company to adopt the standard one year earlier if it so chooses. The Company has not yet selected a transition method and is currently evaluating the effect that the updated standard will have on its Consolidated Financial Statements and related disclosures. In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-05, Customers Accounting of Fees Paid in Cloud Computing Arrangement,guidanceon accounting for fees paid in cloud computing arrangements. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, then the customer should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software license, the customer should account for the arrangement as a services contract. All software licenses recognized under this guidance will be accounted for consistent with other licenses of intangible assets.The guidance becomes effective for the Company for the first quarter of fiscal 2016. The guidanceis not expected to have a material effect on the Company Consolidated Financial Statements. Adopted Accounting PronouncementsIn November 2015, FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17, Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes,requiring all deferred tax assets and liabilities, and any related valuation allowance, to be classified as non-current on the balance sheet. The classification change for all deferred taxes as non-current simplifies entities processes as it eliminates the need to separately identify the net current and net non-current deferred tax asset or liability in each jurisdiction and allocate valuation allowances. The Company elected to retrospectively adopt this accounting standard in the beginning of our fourth quarter of fiscal 2015. As a result of the adoption, the Company made the following adjustments to the 2014 balance sheet: a $351 milliondecrease to current deferred tax assets and total current assets; and a $351 millionincrease to long-term deferred tax assets70Table of ContentsNOTE 3.FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTSCash, Cash Equivalents and InvestmentsThe following tables summarize the Companys cash and available-for-sale securities amortized cost, gross unrealized gains, gross unrealized losses, and fair value by significant investment category reported as cash and cash equivalents or short-term or long-term investments as of December31, 2015, and 2014in millions: Reported    1:Money market funds430643064306U.S. treasuries corporate equity  2:Commercial paper76476438726Corporate  government  government   assets measured at fair     1:Money market funds324432443244U.S. treasuries corporate equity  2:Commercial   government  government   assets measured at fair  of ContentsThere were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 measurements during the year ended December31, 2015, and there were no changes in the valuation techniques used.The following table summarizes the contractual maturities of the Companys cash equivalents and available-for-sale investments excluding cash and money market funds, at December31, 2015in millions: AmortizedCostFairValueMature in less than one year$9260$9257Mature in one to five  gains and losses, net of tax, were not material for any of the periods presented. As of December31, 2015, and 2014, net unrealized losses on investments of $42 millionand $02 million, net of tax, respectively, were included in accumulated other comprehensive loss in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The following tables present the breakdown of the available-for-sale investments with unrealized losses at December31, 2015, and 2014in millions: Unrealizedlosseslessthan 12 monthsUnrealized losses12months or greaterTotalDecember31,   Treasuries and equity  Government and agency   government  2014Corporate  Government and agency   government  unrealized losses on the available-for-sale investments are related to corporate securities and government securities. The Company determined these unrealized losses to be temporary. Factors considered in determining whether a loss is temporary included the length of time and extent to which the investment fair value has been less than the cost basis; the financial condition and near-term prospects of the investee; extent of the loss related to credit of the issuer; the expected cash flows from the security; the Companys intent to sell the security and whether or not the Company will be required to sell the security before the recovery of its amortized cost. Foreign currency derivativeThe objective of the Companys hedging program is to mitigate the impact of changes in currency exchange rates on net cash flow from foreign currency denominated sales, expenses, and intercompany balances and other monetary assets or liabilities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar USD. The derivative assets and liabilities are measured using Level 2 fair value inputs. Cash Flow HedgesThe Company enters into currency forward contracts as cash flow hedges to hedge certain forecasted revenue transactions denominated in currencies other than the USD, primarily the European Euro EUR, the British Pound GBP, the Japanese Yen JPY,and the Korean Won KRW. The Company also enters into currency forward contracts as cash flow hedges to hedge certain forecasted expense transactions denominated in EUR.For these derivatives, the Company reports the after-tax gain or loss from the hedge as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income loss in stockholders' equity and reclassifies into earnings in the same period in which the hedge transaction affects earnings. The Company reclassified net gains of $72 millionand $75 millionto revenue related to the hedged revenue transactions for the years ended December31, 2015, and 2014, respectively, while the net gains/losses reclassified for the year 72Table of Contentsended December 31, 2013, were not material. The amounts reclassified to expenses related to the hedged transactions and the ineffective portions of cashflow hedges were not material for the periods presented. Other Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging InstrumentsOther derivatives not designated as hedging instruments consist primarily of forward contracts that the Company uses to hedge intercompany balances and other monetary assets or liabilities denominated in currencies other than the USD, primarily the EUR, GBP, JPY, KRW, and the Swiss Franc CHF. Derivative instruments used to hedge against balance sheet foreign currency exposures at the end of each period were as follows in millions: Years Ended December 31,201520142013Recognized gains losses in interest and other income, net$70$57$34Foreign exchange gains losses related to  notional amounts for derivative instruments provide one measure of the transaction volume. Total gross notional amounts in USD for derivatives and aggregate gross fair value outstanding at the end of each period were as follows in millions: Derivatives Designated as Hedging InstrumentsDerivatives Not Designated as Hedging InstrumentsDecember31, 2015December31, 2014December31, 2015December31, 2014Notional amounts:Forward  fair value recorded in:Prepaid and other current assets20112679Other accrued liabilities$05$$02$01NOTE 4.BALANCE SHEET DETAILS AND OTHER FINANCIAL INFORMATIONThe following table provides details of the inventories in millions: December 31,20152014Inventories:Raw  goods10441130Total  of ContentsThe following table provides details of the property, plant and equipment, net in millions:December 31,20152014Property, plant and equipment, net:Land$1317$1317Building and building/leasehold  and equipment21261816Computer and office equipment357313Capitalized  property, plant and equipment69926103Less: Accumulated  property, plant and equipment, net$4321$3874The following table provides details of the other accrued liabilitiesshort term in millions: December 31,20152014Other accrued liabilitiesshort term:Taxes payable$114$74Tolled product liability claims accrued244495Other accrued liabilities606699Total other accrued  following table provides details of the other long-term liabilities balance sheet item in millions: December 31,20152014Other long-term liabilities:Income taxeslong term$743$618Other long-term liabilities216170Total other long-term  Cash flow InformationThe following table provides supplemental cash flow information in millions: Years EndedDecember 31,201520142013Income taxes  non-cash investing activities:Equipment transfers from inventories to property, plant and equipment $267$272$131NOTE 5.LEASE RECEIVABLES Lease receivables relating to sales-type lease arrangements are presented on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as follows in millions:74Table of ContentsDecember 31,20152014Gross lease receivables$671$404Unearned income3422Allowance for credit loss04Net investment in sales-type leases633382Reported as:Prepaids and other current assets16158Intangible and other assets, net472324Total, net$633$382Contractual maturities of gross lease receivables at December31, 2015, are as follows in  6.GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETSGoodwillThe Companys gross carrying amount of goodwill was $2011 millionand $1980 millionas of December31, 2015, and 2014, respectively. IntangiblesThe following table summarizes the components of gross intangible asset, accumulated amortization, and net intangible asset balances as of December31, 2015, and 2014in millions:December 31, 2015December 31, 2014Gross Carrying AmountAccumulated AmortizationNet Carrying AmountGross Carrying AmountAccumulated AmortizationNet Carrying AmountPatents and developed  rights and   intangible  expense related to intangible assets was $244 million, $224 million, and $213 millionfor the years ended December31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively.The estimated future amortization expense of intangible assets as of December31, 2015, is as follows inmillions: Fiscal  and  of ContentsNOTE 7.COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIESOPERATING LEASESThe Company leases space for operations in Japan, South Korea, Mexico, United States, and certain other foreign countries. The Company also leases automobiles for certain sales and field service employees. These leases have varying terms up to fifteen years. Future minimum lease commitments under the Companys operating leases as of December31, 2015, are as follows in millions:  and thereafter148Total$312Other commitments include an estimated amount of approximately $2323 millionrelating to the Company open purchase orders and contractual obligations that occur in the ordinary course of business, including commitments with suppliers, for which we have not received the goods or services. CONTINGENCIESThe Company is involved in a variety of claims, lawsuits, investigations and proceedings relating to securities laws, product liability, intellectual property, insurance, contract disputes, employee related, and other matters. Certain of these lawsuits and claims are described in further detail below. It is not possible to predict what the outcome of these matters will be and the Company cannot guarantee that any resolution will be reached on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. With the exception of the charges recorded related to the Companys estimate of the probable loss associated with the tolled product liability claims described below, the Company has determined that an estimate of probable losses or range of loss related to material pending or threatened litigation matters cannot be determined as of December 31, 2015. Nevertheless, it is possible that future legal costs including settlements, judgments, legal fees and other related defense costs could have a material adverse effect on the Company business, financial position, or future results of operations.The Company is also a party to various other legal actions that arise in the ordinary course of business and does not believe that any of these other legal actions will have a material adverse impact on the Company business, financial position, or future results of operations. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, the Company records a liability when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. These provisions are reviewed at least quarterly and adjusted to reflect the impact of negotiations, settlements, rulings, advice of legal counsel, and other information and events pertaining to a particular case. Purported Shareholder Class Action Lawsuits filed April26, 2013 and May24, 2013On April26, 2013, a purported class action lawsuit entitled Abrams v. Intuitive Surgical, et al., No5-13-cv-1920, was filed against a number of the Company current and former officers and directors in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California. A substantially identical complaint, entitled Adel v. Intuitive Surgical, et al., No5:13-cv-02365, was filed in the same court against the same defendants on May24, 2013. The Adel case was voluntarily dismissed without prejudice on August 20, 2013.On October 15, 2013, plaintiffs in the Abrams matter filed an amended complaint. The case has since been re-titled In re Intuitive Surgical Securities Litigation, No. 5:13-cv-1920. The plaintiffs seek unspecified damages on behalf of a putative class of persons who purchased or otherwise acquired the Company common stock between February 6, 2012, and July 18, 2013. The amended complaint alleges that the defendants violated federal securities laws by allegedly making false and misleading statements and omitting certain material facts in certain public statements and in the Company filings with the SEC. On November 18, 2013, the court appointed the Employees Retirement System of the State of Hawaii as lead plaintiff and appointed lead counsel. The Company filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint on December 16, 2013, which was granted in part and denied in part on August 21, 2014. The plaintiffs elected not to further amend their complaint. On October 22, 2014, the court granted the Companys motion for leave to file a motion for reconsideration of the courts August 21, 2014, order. The Company filed its motion for reconsideration on November 5, 2014, the plaintiffs filed their opposition on November 19, 2014, and the Company 76Table of Contentsfiled its reply on November 26, 2014. The court denied the motion for reconsideration on December 15, 2014. The case is moving forward on the claims that remain, and discovery is ongoing. The plaintiffs moved for class certification on September 1, 2015, the Company filed its opposition on October 15, 2015, and the plaintiffs filed their reply on November 16, 2015. A hearing on class certification was held on January 21, 2016, and the matter has been submitted to the Court, which has yet to issue a ruling. No trial date has been set. Based on currently available information, the Company does not believe the resolution of this matter will have a material adverse effect on the Company business, financial position, or future results of operations.Purported Derivative Actions filed on February 3, 2014, February 21, 2014, March 21, 2014, June 3, 2014, and March 5, 2015On February 3, 2014, an alleged stockholder, Robert Berg, caused a purported stockholders derivative lawsuit entitled Berg v. Guthart et al., No. 4:14-CV-00515,to be filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California.The lawsuit names the Company as a nominal defendant and names a number of the Companys current and former officers and directors as additional defendants.The lawsuit seeks to recover, on the Companys behalf, unspecified damages purportedly sustained by the Company in connection with allegedly misleading statements and/or omissions made in connection with the Companys financial reporting for the period between 2012 and early 2014. It also seeks a series of changes to the Companys corporate governance policies and an award of attorneys fees. On April 3, 2014, the case was related to In re Intuitive Surgical Securities Litigation. On July 30, 2014, the court granted Bergs motion to be appointed lead plaintiff, denied the City of Birminghams motion seeking such appointment see below for additional description, and re-titled the matter In re Intuitive Surgical, Inc. Shareholder Derivative Litigation, No. 4:14-CV-00515. On August 13, 2014, the plaintiffs filed a consolidated complaint, making allegations substantially similar to the allegations in the original complaint. On September 12, 2014, the Company filed a motion to dismiss the consolidated complaint. The plaintiff filed an opposition on October 9, 2014, and the Company filed its reply on October 30, 2014. The court denied the motion to dismiss on November 16, 2015, and the case is moving forward. Discovery is ongoing and no trial date has been set. Based on currently available information, the Company does not believe the resolution of this matter will have a material adverse effect on the Company business, financial position or future results of operations.On February 21, 2014, a second alleged stockholder caused a substantially similar purported stockholders derivative lawsuit entitled Public School Teachers Pension and Retirement Fund of Chicago v. Guthart et al., No. CIV 526930, to be filed in the Superior Court of the State of California, County of San Mateo, against the same parties and seeking the same relief.On March 26, 2014, the case was removed to the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, where it was related to In re Intuitive Surgical Securities Litigationand Berg v. Guthart on April 30, 2014.The district court remanded the case back to San Mateo County Superior Court on June 30, 2014.On August 28, 2014, the Company filed a motion seeking to stay the state case in favor of the federal action and asking that the plaintiff be required to post a bond on the grounds that the action was duplicative and was not in the Companys best interests. On November 13, 2014, the superior court entered an order denying in part the Companys motion to stay and denying the Company request for plaintiff bond. On November 18, 2014, the Company petitioned the First Appellate District of the California, Court of Appeal for a writ of mandate directing the superior court to stay the case in its entirety. At the same time, the Company requested an immediate stay of proceedings pending resolution of the petition. On November 19, 2014, the court of appeal granted the Companys request for an immediate stay of the proceedings and set a briefing schedule for the petition. The plaintiff filed its opposition to the petition on December 8, 2014, and the Company filed its reply on December 22, 2014. The petition was denied on January 8, 2015. On January 20, 2015, the Company demurred moved to dismiss the complaint. The plaintiff filed its opposition to the demurrer on February 10, 2015, and the Company filed its reply on February 20, 2015. A hearing was held on February 27, 2015, and the court overruled the demurrer on March 27, 2015. The court order was entered on April 2, 2015, and the case is moving forward. On June 19, 2015, the Company moved for summary judgment, and a hearing on the Company motion was set for September 4, 2015. On July 6, 2015, the court amended the case schedule, and the Company withdrew its motion for summary judgment. The court later amended the case schedule again, and trial is currently set for June 6, 2016. The Company plans to file a motion for summary judgment in advance of this date. Based on currently available information, the Company does not believe the resolution of this matter will have a material adverse effect on the Company business, financial position, or future results of operations.On March 21, 2014, a third alleged stockholder caused a substantially similar purported stockholders derivative lawsuit entitled City of Birmingham Relief and Retirement System v. Guthart et al., No. 5-14-CV-01307, to be filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California against the same parties and seeking the same relief. On April 8, 2014, the lawsuit was related to In re Intuitive Surgical Securities Litigationand Berg v. Guthart. On July 30, 2014, the court consolidated the case with Berg v. Guthartand, as noted above, granted Bergs motion to be appointed lead plaintiff and denied the City of Birminghams motion seeking such appointment. Based on currently available information, the Company does not believe the resolution of this matter will have a material adverse effect on the Company business, financial position, or future results of operations.On June 3, 2014, a fourth alleged stockholder caused a substantially similar purported stockholders derivative lawsuit entitled City of Plantation Police Officers Employees Retirement System v. Guthart et al., C.A. No. 9726-CB, to be filed in the Court of 77Table of ContentsChancery of the State of Delaware. The Company filed a motion to stay proceedings in favor of the earlier-filed stockholder derivative lawsuits pending in federal and state courts in California. In light of the Companys motion, the plaintiff agreed to a stay of all proceedings in the case in favor of the earlier-filed actions. Based on currently available information, the Company does not believe the resolution of this matter will have a material adverse effect on the Company business, financial position, or future results of operations.On March 5, 2015, a fifth alleged stockholder caused a substantially similar purported stockholders derivative lawsuit entitled Back v. Guthart et al., No. 3:15-CV-01037, to be filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California. On April 7, 2015, the lawsuit was related to In re Intuitive Surgical Securities Litigationand Berg v. Guthart. The Company filed a motion to dismiss the complaint on July 10, 2015. On August 13, 2015, the parties stipulated to a complete stay of the matter and the court entered an order reflecting the stay on August 17, 2015. Based on currently available information, the Company does not believe the resolution of this matter will have a material adverse effect on the Company business, financial position, or future results of operations.Product Liability LitigationThe Company is currently named as a defendant in approximately 92individual product liability lawsuits filed in various state and federal courts by plaintiffs who allege that they or a family member underwent surgical procedures that utilized the da VinciSurgical System and sustained a variety of personal injuries and, in some cases, death as a result of such surgery. The Company has also received a large number of product liability claims from plaintiffs' attorneys, many of which are subject to certain tolling agreements further discussed below. The Company has also been named as a defendant in a multi-plaintiff lawsuit filed in Missouri state court. On December 21, 2015, plaintiffs in the Missouri action amended their complaint to add 10additional plaintiffs. In total, plaintiffs seek damages on behalf of 55patients who had da VinciSurgeries in 22different states. The cases raise a variety of allegations including, to varying degrees, that plaintiffs injuries resulted from purported defects in the da VinciSurgical System and/or failure on the Company part to provide adequate training resources to the healthcare professionals who performed plaintiffs surgeries. The cases further allege that the Company failed to adequately disclose and/or misrepresented the potential risks and/or benefits of the da VinciSurgical System. Plaintiffs also assert a variety of causes of action, including for example, strict liability based on purported design defects, negligence, fraud, breach of express and implied warranties, unjust enrichment, and loss of consortium. Plaintiffs seek recovery for alleged personal injuries and, in many cases, punitive damages. The Company has reached confidential settlements in many of the filed cases. With certain exceptions, including theTaylorcase described below, the remaining filed cases generally are in the early stages of pretrial activity.Plaintiffs attorneys have also engaged in well-funded national advertising efforts seeking patients dissatisfied with da VinciSurgery. The Company has received a significant number of claims from plaintiffs attorneys that it believes are a result of these advertising efforts. A substantial number of such claims relate to alleged complications from surgeries performed with certain versions of Monopolar Curved Scissor MCS instruments which included an MCS tip cover accessory that was the subject of a market withdrawal in 2012 and MCS instruments that were the subject of a recall in 2013. In an effort to avoid the expense and distraction of defending multiple lawsuits, the Company entered into tolling agreements to pause the applicable statutes of limitations for these claims and engaged in confidential mediation efforts.After an extended confidential mediation process with legal counsel for many of the claimants covered by the tolling agreements, the Company determined during the first quarter of 2014 that, while it denies any and all liability, in light of the costs and risks of litigation, settlement of certain claims was appropriate. During the year ended December31, 2015 and 2014, the Company recorded pre-tax charges of $138 millionand $824 million, respectively, to reflect the estimated cost of settling a number of the product liability claims covered by the tolling agreements. The Companys estimate of the anticipated cost of resolving these claims is based on negotiations with attorneys for claimants who have participated in the mediation process.Nonetheless, it is possible that more claims will be made by additional individuals and that the claimants whose claims were not resolved through the mediation program, as well as those claimants who have not participated in mediations, will choose to pursue greater amounts in a court of law. Consequently, the final outcome of these claims is dependent on many variables that are difficult to predict and the ultimate cost associated with these product liability claims may be materially different than the amount of the current estimate and accruals and could have a material adverse effect on the Company business, financial position, and future results of operations. Although there is a reasonable possibility that a loss in excess of the amount recognized exists, the Company is unable to estimate the possible loss or range of loss in excess of the amount recognized at this time. As of December 31, 2015, and 2014, a total of $244 millionand $495 million, respectively, were included in other accrued liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets related to the tolled product liability claims.In February 2011, the Company was named as a defendant in a product liability action that had originally been filed in Washington State Superior Court for Kitsap County against the healthcare providers and hospital involved in a decedents surgery Josette Taylor, as Personal Representative of the Estate of Fred E. Taylor, deceased; and on behalf of the Estate of Fred E. Taylor v. Intuitive Surgical, Inc., No09-2-03136-5. In Taylor,plaintiff asserted wrongful death and product liability claims against the 78Table of ContentsCompany, generally alleging that the decedent died four years after surgery as a result of injuries purportedly suffered during the surgery, which was conducted with the use of the da Vinci Surgical System. The plaintiff in Taylorasserted that such injuries were caused, in whole or in part, by the Company purported failure to properly train, warn, and instruct the surgeon. The lawsuit sought unspecified damages for past medical expenses, pain and suffering, loss of consortium as well as punitive damages. A trial commenced in the action on April15, 2013. On May23, 2013, the jury returned a defense verdict, finding that the Company was not negligent. Judgment was entered in the Company favor on June 7, 2013.Subsequent to the verdict, the plaintiff filed a notice of appeal. That appeal was denied on July 7, 2015. On July 27, 2015, plaintiff filed a motion for reconsideration with the Court of Appeal; the Court of Appeal denied the motion for reconsideration on August 10, 2015. On September 9, 2015, plaintiff filed a Petition for Review with the Washington State Supreme Court. The Company filed an Answer to the Petition for Review on October 21, 2015. As of the date of this filing, the Petition for Review remains pending. Insurance LitigationIn October 2013, the Company was named as a defendant in an insurance action entitled Illinois Union Insurance Co. v. Intuitive Surgical, Inc., No. 3:13-cv-04863-JST, filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California. Plaintiff Illinois Union Insurance Co. seeks to rescind the Life Sciences Products-Completed Operations Liability Policy issued by plaintiff to the Company, which provides coverage for products liability claims first made against the Company during the policy period March 1, 2013, to March 1, 2014. In December 2013, the Company was named as a defendant in another insurance action entitled Navigators Specialty Insurance Co. v. Intuitive Surgical, Inc., No. 5:13-cv-05801-HRL, also filed in the Northern District of California. Plaintiff Navigators Insurance Co. alleges that the Follow Form Excess Liability Insurance Policy issued by plaintiff to the Company for product liability claims first made against the Company during the policy period March 1, 2013, to March 1, 2014, should be rescinded. These cases have been consolidated under docket number 3:13-cf-04863. Both plaintiffs generally allege that the Company did not disclose the existence of tolling agreements or the number of claimants incorporated within those agreements, and allege that those agreements were material to plaintiffs underwriting processes. On October 20, 2015, the Company filed a complaint alleging breach of contract and bad faith against Defendants Illinois Union Insurance Company and Navigators Specialty Insurance Company in an action entitled Intuitive Surgical Inc. v. Illinois Union Insurance Co., et al., No. 5:15-cv-4834, based on Illinois Union and Navigators' failure to indemnify the Company for insured losses incurred in the defense and settlement of certain products liability claims made against the Company during the insurance policy period March 1, 2013 to March 1, 2014.The Companys breach of contract and bad faith action against the insurers has been consolidated with the insurers rescission actions for all purposes except trial, leaving open for a later date as to whether the cases will be consolidated for trial as well. Both Illinois Union and Navigators have moved to dismiss the Company complaint in that action. Based on currently available information, the Company does not believe the resolution of these matters will have a material adverse effect on the Company business, financial position, or future results of operations.On March 3, 2015, the Company filed a cross-complaint for breach of contract and declaratory judgment against Ironshore Specialty Insurance Co. based on Ironshores failure to indemnify the Company for insured losses incurred in the defense and settlement of certain products liability claims brought against the Company involving the da VinciSurgical System. On April 14, 2015, Ironshore filed an answer and counterclaim denying the allegations of the Company cross-complaint and asserting counterclaims against the Company for declaratory judgment and breach of contract. Ironshore and the Company reached a settlement that resolves completely the Company cross-complaint against Ironshore and Ironshore counterclaim against Intuitive and, on December 28, 2015, the Court dismissed the claims between the Company and Ironshore with prejudice. The settlement did not have a material effect on the Company Consolidated Financial Statements.NOTE 8.STOCKHOLDERS EQUITYSTOCK REPURCHASE PROGRAMThe Company Board of Directors the Board has authorized an aggregate of $40 billionof funding for the Company common stock repurchase program the Repurchase Program since originally established in March 2009, of which the most recent authorization occurred in January 2015 when the Board increased the authorization for stock repurchase by $10 billion. As of December31, 2015, the remaining amount of share repurchases authorized by the Board was approximately $8163 millionunder the Repurchase Program. The $1837 millionof share repurchases for the year December 31, 2015, were repurchased in the open market. 79Table of ContentsThe following table provides the stock repurchase activities during the years ended December31, 2015, 2014, and 2013in millions, except per share amounts: Years Ended December 31,201520142013Shares repurchased042526Average price per  of shares  Company uses the par value method of accounting for its stock repurchases. As a result of the share repurchases during the years ended December31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, the Company reduced common stock and additional paid-in capital by an aggregate of $163 million, $895 million, and $842 million, respectively, and charged $1674 million, $9105 million, $1,0250 million, respectively, to retained earnings. ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME LOSSThe components of accumulated other comprehensive income loss net of tax, for the years ended December31, 2015, and 2014are as follows in millions:Year Ended December 31, 2015Gains    LossesEmployee Benefit PlansTotalBeginning  comprehensive income before  from accumulated other comprehensive income loss74080874Net current-period other comprehensive income   Ended December 31, 2014Gains    LossesEmployee Benefit PlansTotalBeginning balance$$17$04$$21Other comprehensive income before  from accumulated other comprehensive income loss75200352Net current-period other comprehensive income   9.SHARE-BASED COMPENSATIONStock Plans2010 Incentive Award PlanIn April 2010, the Companys stockholders approved the 2010 Incentive Award Plan 2010 Plan. Under this plan, the Company issues nonqualified stock options NSOs and restricted stock units RSUs to employees and certain consultants. The 2010 Plan generally permits NSOs to be granted at no less than the fair market value of the common stock on the date of grant, with terms of 10years from the date of grant. The 2010 Plan expires in 2020. In April 2015, the Company stockholders approved an amended and restated 2010 Plan to provide for an increase in the number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance from 4,850,000to 6,250,000. As of December31, 2015, approximately 18 millionshares were reserved for future issuance under the 2010 Plan. 80Table of Contents2009 Employment Commencement Incentive PlanIn October 2009, the Board of Directors adopted the 2009 Employment Commencement Incentive Plan New Hire Plan. The New Hire Plan provides for the shares to be used exclusively for the grant of RSUs and NSOs to new employees New Hire Options, who were not previously employees or non-employee directors of the Company. The Compensation Committee approves all equity awards under the New Hire Plan, which are granted to newly-hired employees once a month on the fifth business day of each month after their hire. Options are granted at an exercise price not less than the fair market value of the stock on the date of grant and have a term not to exceed 10years. In April 2015, the Board of Directors amended and restated the New Hire Plan to provide for an increase in the number of shares of common stock authorized for issuance pursuant to awards granted under the New Hire Plan from 1,155,000to 1,455,000. As of December31, 2015, approximately 03 millionshares were reserved for future issuance under the New Hire Plan. 2000 Equity Incentive PlanIn March 2000, the Board of Directors adopted the 2000 Equity Incentive Plan 2000 Plan, which took effect upon the closing of the Companys initial public offering. Under this plan, certain employees, consultants and non-employee directors could be granted Incentive Stock Options ISOs and Nonstatutory Stock Options NSOs to purchase shares of the Companys common stock. The 2000 Plan permitted ISOs to be granted at an exercise price not less than the fair value on the date of the grant and NSOs at an exercise price not less than 85%of the fair value on the date of grant. Options granted under the 2000 Plan generally expire 10years from the date of grant and become exercisable upon grant subject to repurchase rights in favor of the Company until vested. The 2000 Plan expired in March 2010. However, options granted prior to the plans expiration continue to remain outstanding until their original expiration date. Employee Option VestingPrior to 2012, annual stock options were granted to employees on February15 of each year or the next business day if the date was not a business day Annual Grant. The grants generally vested 6/48 upon completion of 6 months service and 1/48per month thereafter. Beginning in 2013, the Company split the annual grant into a grant on February15 or the next business day if the date is not a business day and a separate grant on August15 or the next business day if the date is not a business day. The February15 grants vest 6/48 upon completion of 6 months service and 1/48per month thereafter. The August15 stock option grants vest 7/48 at the end of one month and 1/48per month thereafter through a 35year vesting period. Prior to 2014, New Hire Options generally vested 6/48 upon completion of 6 months service and 1/48per month thereafter. Beginning in 2014, New Hire Options generally vest 12/48 upon completion of one year service and 1/48per month thereafter. Option vesting terms are determined by the Board of Directors and, in the future, may vary from past practices. 2000 Non-Employee Directors Stock Option PlanIn March 2000, the Board of Directors adopted the 2000 Non-Employee Directors Stock Option Plan the Directors Plan. In October 2009, the automatic evergreen increase provisions were eliminated so that no further automatic increases will be made to the number of shares reserved for issuance under the Directors Plan. In addition, the common stock authorized for issuance under the Directors Plan was reduced to 150,000. Beginning in 2014, equity awards granted to non-employee directors include a mix of stock options and RSUs. Options are granted at an exercise price not less than the fair market value of the stock on the date of grant and have a term not to exceed 10years. Initial stock option grants are vested over a three-year period with 12/36 of the shares vesting after one year from the date of grant and 1/36 of the shares vesting monthly thereafter. Annual stock option grants are vested one yearfrom the date of the grant. Initial RSU grants are vested in one-third increments over a three-year period while annual RSU grants are vested one year from the date of grant. As of December31, 2015, approximately 51,000shares were reserved for future issuance under the Directors Plan. 2000 Employee Stock Purchase PlanIn March 2000, the Board of Directors adopted the 2000 Employee Stock Purchase Plan the ESPP. Employees are generally eligible to participate in the ESPP if they are customarily employed by the Company for more than 20hours per week and more than 5months in a calendar year and are not 5%stockholders of the Company. Under the ESPP, eligible employees may select a rate of payroll deduction up to 15%of their eligible compensation subject to certain maximum purchase limitations. The duration for each offering period is 24months and is divided into fourpurchase periods of approximately six monthsin length. Offerings are concurrent. The purchase price of the shares under the offering is the lesser of 85%of the fair market value of the shares on the offering date or 85%of the fair market value of the shares on the purchase date. A two-year look-back feature in the ESPP causes the offering period to reset if the fair value of the Companys common stock on the first or last day of the purchase period is less than that on the original offering date. ESPP purchases by employees are settled with newly-issued common stock from the ESPPs previously authorized and available pool of shares. 81Table of ContentsThe Company issued 01 million, 01 millionand 01 millionshares under the ESPP, representing approximately $312 million, $294 million, and $288 millionin employee contributions for the years ended December31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively. As of December31, 2015, there were approximately 02 millionshares reserved for grant under the ESPP. Restricted Stock UnitsBeginning in 2014, equity awards granted to employees include a mix of stock options and RSUs. The RSUs vest in 1/4 increments annually over a four-year period. The number of shares issued on the date the RSUs vest is net of the minimum statutory tax withholdings, which are paid in cash to the appropriate taxing authorities on behalf of the Company employees.Stock Option InformationOption activity during fiscal 2015under all the stock plans was as follows in millions, except per share amounts: Stock Options  at December31, 2014 50$39586Options granted04$51941Options exercised10$32393Options  at December31, 201542$42100The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised under our stock plans determined as of the date of option exercise was $1965 million, $1462 million, and $1302 millionduring the years ended December31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively. Cash received from option exercises and employee stock purchase plans for the years ended December31, 2015, 2014, and 2013was $3611 million, $2836 million, and $1606 million, respectively. The following table summarizes significant ranges of outstanding and exercisable options as of December31, 2015number of shares in millions: Options OutstandingOptions ExercisableRange    -  -  -  -  -  aggregate intrinsic value represents the total pre-tax intrinsic value, based on the Companys closing stock price of $54616at December31, 2015, which would have been received by the option holders had all in-the-money option holders exercised their options as of that date. As of December31, 2015, a total of 41 millionshares of stock options vested and expected to vest had a weighted average remaining contractual life of 62years, an aggregate intrinsic value of $5255 million, and a weighted average exercise price of $41949.Restricted Stock Units InformationRSU activity for the year ended December 31, 2015, was as follows in millions, except per share amounts: 82Table of  Date Fair ValueUnvested balance at December 31,  balance at December 31, 201504$48555As of December31, 2015, 04 millionshares of RSUs were expected to vest with an aggregate intrinsic value of $1943 million. During the year ended December31, 2015, approximately36,000RSUs were canceled and approximately58,000RSUs vested with an aggregate vesting date fair value of $295 million.Share-Based Compensation ExpenseThe following table summarizes share-based compensation expense in millions: Years Ended December31,201520142013Cost of  of  cost of sales357326303Selling, general and  and  compensation expense before income taxes168116911689Income tax effect518535585Share-based compensation expense after income taxes$1163$1156$1104The Black-Scholes option pricing model is used to estimate the fair value of stock options granted under the Companys share-based compensation plans and rights to acquire stock granted under the Companys employee stock purchase plan. The weighted average estimated fair values of stock options, the rights to acquire stock granted, and the weighted average assumptions used in calculating those fair values during the years ended December31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, were as follows: Years Ended December31,STOCK OPTION PLANS201520142013Risk free interest rate16%15%12%Expected term  value at grant  STOCK PURCHASE PLANRisk free interest rate04%02%02%Expected term  value at grant date$14672$12460$15333As share-based compensation expense recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income during the years ended December31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, is based on awards ultimately expected to vest, it has been reduced for estimated forfeitures. Share-based compensation accounting requires forfeitures to be estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimated. As of December31, 2015, there were a total of $1158 million, $1278 million, and $129 million, of total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested stock options, restricted stock units, and employee stock purchases, respectively. The unrecognized compensation expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 21years for unvested stock options, 28 yearsfor unvested restricted stock units, and 15 yearsfor rights granted to acquire stock under the ESPP. Excess tax benefits are realized tax deductions for exercised options and vested RSUs in excess of the deferred tax assets attributable to share-based compensation expense for such equity awards. Excess tax benefits of $343 million, $240 million, and $380 millionfor the years ended December31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively, have been classified as a financing cash 83Table of Contentsinflow. The total income tax benefit recognized in the consolidated statements of income for share-based compensation expense was $518 million, $535 million, and $585 millionfor the years ended December31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively. NOTE 10.INCOME TAXESIncome before provision for income taxes for the years ended December31, 2015, 2014, and 2013consisted of the following in millions: Years Ended  income before provision for income taxes$7585$5490$8709The provision for income taxes for the years ended December31, 2015, 2014, and 2013consisted of the following in millions: Years Ended  income tax  tax expense differs from amounts computed by applying the statutory rate of 35%for the years ended December31, 2015, 2014, and 2013as a result of the following in millions:  tax at statutory  reduction in tax resulting from:State taxes, net of federal benefits8964155Foreign rate  and development  compensation not benefited697719Domestic production activities  of unrecognized tax  of share-based compensation from intercompany  income tax expense$1697$1302$1999For the year ended December31, 2015, income tax expense included $250 millionof tax benefits related to the reversal of prior periods intercompany charges for share-based compensation due to a recent U.S. Tax Court opinion involving an independent third party that was issued in the third quarter of 2015. Based on the findings of the U.S. Tax Court, the Company was required to, and did, refund to its foreign subsidiaries the share-based compensation element of certain intercompany charges made in prior periods. 84Table of ContentsDeferred income taxes reflect tax carry forwards and the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of the Companys deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows in millions: December31,20152014Deferred tax assets:Share-based compensation expense$1405$1405Expenses deducted in later years for tax purposes471524Research and other  deferred tax assets$2086$2041Valuation allowance15295Deferred tax assets$1934$1946Deferred tax liabilities:Fixed  intangible assets related to  tax liabilities$265$247Net deferred tax assets$1669$1699The Company has not provided U.S. income taxes and foreign withholding taxes on the undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries as of December31, 2015, because the Company intends to indefinitely reinvest such earnings outside the U.S. If these foreign earnings were to be repatriated in the future, the related U.S. tax liability may be reduced by any foreign income taxes previously paid on these earnings. As of December31, 2015, the cumulative amount of earnings upon which U.S. income taxes have not been provided was approximately $1,1593 million. Determination of the amount of unrecognized deferred tax liability related to these earnings is not practicable at this time. The Company has a tax holiday in effect for its business operations in Switzerland which will continue until the end of year 2017 to the extent certain terms and conditions continue to be met. This tax holiday provides for a lower rate of taxation in Switzerland based on various thresholds of investment and employment in such jurisdiction. As of December 31, 2015, the Company remained in compliance with the terms of the holiday. At the end of the tax holiday, Swiss taxable income may be taxed at a higher rate depending on the applicable federal and cantonal rules. Tax benefit from the Swiss tax holiday for the year ended December31, 2015, was approximately $89 million, or $023per diluted share.As of December31, 2015and 2014, the Company had valuation allowances of $152 millionand $95 million, respectively, primarily related to California deferred tax assets generated by California RD credit forwards which have no expiration period. The Company recorded a valuation allowance against its California deferred tax assets as it is more likely than not these deferred tax assets will not be realized as a result of the computation of California taxes under the single sales factor. The Company recorded a net increase of its gross unrecognized tax benefits of approximately $169 millionduring the year ended December31, 2015. The net increase was primarily due to increases related to 2015 uncertain tax positions, partially offset by the reversal of gross unrecognized tax benefits in connection with the conclusion of tax audits in various jurisdictions, and the expiration of certain statutes of limitations in multiple jurisdictions in the second half of 2015. The Company had gross unrecognized tax benefits of approximately $924 million, $755 million, and $740 millionas of December31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively, which if recognized, would result in a reduction of the Companys effective tax rate. The Company included interest expense and penalties accrued on unrecognized tax benefits as a component of its income tax expense. As of December31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, gross interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits accrued was approximately $29 million, $25 million, and $34 million, respectively. The Company classified a majority of its net unrecognized tax benefits and related interest in Other accrued liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 85Table of ContentsA reconciliation of the beginning and ending amounts of gross unrecognized income tax benefits for the years ended December31, 2015, 2014, and 2013are as follows in millions: Years Ended   related to tax positions taken during the current year289223228Increases related to tax positions taken during a prior year03Decreases related to tax positions taken during a prior year15Decreases related to settlements with tax  related to expiration of statute of  balance$924$755$740The Company files federal, state and foreign income tax returns in many jurisdictions in the U.S. and abroad. Generally, years before 2012 are closed for most significant jurisdictions. Certain of the Companys unrecognized tax benefits could reverse based on the normal expiration of various statutes of limitations, which could affect the Companys effective tax rate in the period in which they reverse. The Company is subject to the examination of its income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities. The outcome of these audits cannot be predicted with certainty. The Company management regularly assesses the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of the Companys provision for income taxes. If any issues addressed in the Companys tax audits are resolved in a manner not consistent with managements expectations, the Company could be required to adjust its provision for income taxes in the period such resolution occurs. NOTE 11.NET INCOME PER SHAREThe following table presents the computation of basic and diluted net income per share in millions, except per share amounts: Years Ended December 31,201520142013Net  shares outstanding371369392Basic net income per  shares outstanding used in basic calculation371369392Add: Dilutive potential  shares used in computing diluted net income per share379377401Diluted net income per  compensation awards of approximately 17 million, 24 million, and 23 millionshares for the years ended December31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively, were outstanding, but were not included in the computation of diluted net income per share because the effect of including such shares would have been antidilutive in the periods presented. NOTE 12. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANSThe Company sponsors various retirement plans for its eligible U.S. and non-U.S. employees. For employees in the U.S., the Company maintains the Intuitive Surgical, Inc. 401k Plan the Plan. As allowed under Section401k of the Internal Revenue Code, the Plan provides tax-deferred salary contributions for eligible U.S. employees. The Plan allows employees to contribute up to 75%of their annual compensation to the Plan on a pre-tax and after-tax basis. Employee contributions are limited to a maximum annual amount as set periodically by the Internal Revenue Code. Beginning in 2015, the Company began matching contributions made to the Plan by the employees. The Company matches 200%of employee contributions up to $1,500per calendar year per person.All matching employer contributions vest immediately86Table of ContentsSELECTED QUARTERLY DATAUNAUDITED, IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTSThree Months EndedMarch 31, 2015June 30, 2015September 30, 2015December 31,   income  income per common  Includes discrete tax benefits as follows:Audit settlement and expiration of the statutes of limitations in multiple jurisdictions$$78$$Reversal of the share-based compensation intercompany charges as a result of U.S. Tax Court opinion 293$Reinstatement of the 2015 federal RD tax credit 642 Includes pre-tax litigation charges  Months EndedMarch 31, 2014June 30, 2014September 30, 2014December 31,   income  income per common  Includes discrete tax benefits as follows:Expiration of the statutes of limitations in multiple  of the 2014 federal RD tax credit 502 Includes pre-tax litigation charges $674$96$$5487SCHEDULE IIVALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTSIN  for doubtful accounts and loan credit losses, and sales returnsYear ended December31, 2015$55$223$184$94Year ended December31, 2014$58$222$225$55Year ended December31,  represents products returned. 88Table of ContentsItem 1.Business4Item! 1A.Risk Factors17Item 1B.Unresolved Staff Comments33Item 2.Properties33Item 3.Legal Proceedings33Item! 4.Mine Safety Disclosures33PART IIItem 5.CONTROLS AND PROCEDURESConclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and ProceduresWe maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As required by SEC Rule 13a-15b, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on the foregoing, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. Inherent Limitations Over Internal ControlsOur internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: ipertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets;iiprovide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; andiiiprovide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, does not expect that our internal controls will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of internal controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. Also, any evaluation of the effectiveness of controls in future periods are subject to the risk that those internal controls may become inadequate because of changes in business conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Managements Report on Internal Control Over Financial ReportingOur management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15f. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework 2013 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on the results of our assessment under the framework in the Internal ControlIntegrated Framework 2013, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December31, 2015. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2015, has been audited by an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is included under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial ReportingThere were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December31, 2015, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial statements. 89Table of Contents