ITEM 8 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
Consolidated Financial Statements and additional Supplementary Data are included
on pages F-1 to F-21 of this Form 10-K.
Summary of Consolidated Quarterly Earnings unaudited                                       For the Quarter Ended
December 31, 2005**  September 30, 2005    June 30, 2005    March 31, 2005
Net revenues                  $ 47,076,537      $ 44,999,881     $ 46,169,207     $ 45,519,566
Loss/Income from continuing operations    $  545,138     $  539,493     $ 1,242,786     $ 1,144,602
Net Loss/Income                $  545,138     $  539,493     $ 1,242,786     $ 1,144,602
Net Loss/Income - per share - basic      $   001     $    001     $    003     $    002
Net Loss/Income - per share - diluted     $   001     $    001     $    002     $    002                                       For the Quarter Ended
December 31, 2004   September 30, 2004   June 30, 2004*   March 31, 2004
Net revenues                  $ 40,880,563      $ 40,091,999     $ 38,554,033     $ 38,543,196
Income from continuing operations        $ 9,839,757      $ 3,654,603     $ 3,868,851     $ 1,490,767
Net Income                   $ 9,853,883      $ 3,666,746     $ 3,857,274     $ 1,444,809
Net Income - per share - basic         $    021      $    008     $    008     $    003
Net Income - per share - diluted        $    019      $    007     $    008     $    003  Includes $200,000 reclassification of reserve on pharmacy note from
discontinued operations. See note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for significant fourth
quarter adjustments.
Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
None.
Item 2. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Metropolitan management, which includes its Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, has conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of its
disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15e and 15d-15e
promulgated under the Exchange Act as of the end of the fiscal year covered by
this report. Based upon that evaluation, the principal executive officer and
principal financial officer concluded that its disclosure controls and
procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in
the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act, is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the
SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to Metropolitan management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure.                   - 47 Management Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
The Company management, which includes the Chief Executive Officer and the
Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over
financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the
company principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by
the company board of directors, management and other personnel to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and
procedures that   o  pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
assets of the company   o  provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary
to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with
authorizations of management and directors of the company; and
o  provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company assets
that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may
not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risks that controls may
become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2005. In making this assessment,
management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework.
Based on our assessment, management believes that, as of December 31, 2005, the
Company internal control over financial reporting is effective.
Management assessment of the effectiveness of the Company internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2005 has been audited by Kaufman,
Rossin & Co., P.A., our independent registered public accounting firm. They have
issued an attestation report on our assessment of the company internal control
over financial reporting. Their report appears below.                   - 48 Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Board of Directors and Stockholders
Metropolitan Health Networks, Inc. and Subsidiaries
West Palm Beach, Florida
We have audited management assessment, included in the accompanying
Management Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, that
Metropolitan Health Networks, Inc. maintained effective internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2005, based on criteria established in
Internal Control -- Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO. Metropolitan Health Networks,
Inc. management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over
financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal
control over financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
management assessment and an opinion on the effectiveness of Metropolitan
Health Networks, Inc. internal control over financial reporting based on our
audit.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective
internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material
respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over
financial reporting, evaluating management assessment, testing and evaluating
the design and operating effectiveness of internal control, and performing such
other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe
that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
A company internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. A company internal control over
financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that 1 pertain to
the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 2
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of
the company; and 3 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting
may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
In our opinion, management assessment that Metropolitan Health Networks, Inc.
maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2005, is fairly stated, in all material respects, based on criteria
established in Internal Control -- Integrated Framework issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO. Also, in our
opinion, Metropolitan Health Networks, Inc. maintained, in all material
respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2005, based on criteria established in Internal Control -- Integrated Framework
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
COSO.                   - 49 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board United States, the consolidated balance sheets as
of December 31, 2005 and 2004 and the related consolidated statements of
operations, changes in stockholders' equity deficiency in assets and cash
flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2005 of
Metropolitan Health Networks, Inc. and Subsidiaries and our report dated March
11, 2006 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.                         KAUFMAN, ROSSIN & CO., P.A.
Miami, Florida
March 11, 2006
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
There have been no significant changes in our internal controls over financial
reporting that occurred during our last fiscal quarter that has materially
affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect Metropolitan internal
control over financial reporting.
Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
None.
Item 2 DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
As of the date of this filing, Metropolitan directors and executive officers
are as follows Name                          Age     Position
-                                                                
Michael M.     50      Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Debra A. Finnel     44      President, Chief Operating Officer and Director
David S. Gartner, CPA.    48      Chief Financial Officer
Jose A. Guethon, M.D.                 43      President of PSN
Roberto L. Palenzuela, Esq.    42      General Counsel and Secretary
Karl M. Sachs,     69      Director
Martin W. Harrison, M.D.    53      Director
Eric Haskell,     59      Director
Barry T. Zeman     59      Director There are no family relationships among any of our officers or directors, nor
are there any arrangements or understandings between any of our directors or
officers or any other person pursuant to which any officer or director was or is
to be selected as an officer or director.                   - 50 MICHAEL M. EARLEY, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer has been employed by
Metropolitan since March 10, 2003 and previously served as a director of
Metropolitan from June 2000 to December 2002. Mr. Earley became Chairman of the
Board of Directors in September 2004. Mr. Earley has been an advisor to public
and privately owned companies, acting in a variety of management roles since
1997. From 1986 to 1997, he served in a number of senior management roles,
including CEO and CFO of Intermark, Inc. and Triton Group Ltd., both publicly
traded diversified holding companies. He was Chief Executive Office of Triton
Group Management, a corporate consulting firm, from 1997 through December 1999.
He was Chief Executive Officer of Collins Associates, an institutional money
management firm, from January 2000 through December 2002. Mr. Earley was a
self-employed corporate consultant from January 2002 through February 2003.
Since August 2002, Mr. Earley has been serving as a director and member of the
audit committee of MPower Communications, a publicly traded telecommunications
company. Mr. Earley received his undergraduate degrees in Accounting and
Business Administration from the University of San Diego. From 1978 to 1983, he
was an audit and tax staff member of Ernst & Whinney.
DEBRA A. FINNEL, President and Chief Operating Officer, has been employed by
Metropolitan since January 1999 and has served on the Board of Directors of
Metropolitan since 2002. She has over twenty years of healthcare experience in
the South Florida market, specializing in managed care and risk contracting,
including five years as Regional Director with FamilyCare, Inc., the largest
affiliate of International Medical Centers, Inc., Florida first
Medicare+Choice HMO. Prior to joining Metropolitan, Ms. Finnel was President and
Chief Operating Officer of Advanced HealthCare Consultants, Inc., which managed
and owned physician practices in multiple states and provided turnaround
consulting to managed care providers, MSOs, Independent Physician Associations
and hospitals. She also has extensive experience in provider contracting, claims
administration and customer service. Ms. Finnel has had an affiliated provider
relationship with Humana Medical Plans since their inception in the Florida
market in 1986 and has developed strong relationships with many senior
healthcare executives throughout Florida, as well as state and federal
government.
DAVID S. GARTNER, CPA joined Metropolitan in November 1999 as its Chief
Financial Officer. He is a certified public accountant with over twenty-four
years experience in accounting and finance, including fourteen years of
specialization in the healthcare industry. Previously, from July 1998 through
November 1999, Mr. Gartner served as Chief Financial Officer of Medical
Specialists of the Palm Beaches, Inc., a large Palm Beach County multi-practice,
multi-specialty group of 40 physicians. Prior to Medical Specialists, he held
the position of Chief Financial Officer at National Consulting Group, Inc., a
treatment center licensed for 140 inpatient beds in New York and Florida, from
1991 to 1998. Mr. Gartner is a member of the American Institute of Certified
Public Accountants and is a graduate of the University of Buffalo, where he
received his Bachelor of Science Degree in Accounting.
JOSE A. GUETHON, M.D. was appointed as President of the PSN in January 2006. Dr.
Guethon initially joined Metropolitan in October 2001 and has served in a
variety of positions, including as Medical Director and Staff Physician from
October 2001 through June 2004, as Senior Vice President of Utilization and
Quality Improvement from June 2004 through January 2005 and as Chief Medical
Officer of our HMO from January 2005 through December 2005. Dr. Guethon has
approximately 15 years of healthcare experience both in clinical and
administrative medicine, and is board-certified in family practice. Prior to
joining Metropolitan, Dr. Guethon served as the Regional Medical Director for
JSA Healthcare Corporation, a provider service network located in Tampa, Florida
from April 2001 through October 2001 and as the Medical Director of Humana
Orlando market operations from April 1998 through April 2001. Dr. Guethon earned
his undergraduate degree from the University of Miami, his doctorate in medicine
degree from the University of South Florida College of Medicine, and completed
an MBA program at Tampa College.                   - 51 ROBERTO L. PALENZUELA, ESQ. was appointed General Counsel and Secretary in March
2004. Mr. Palenzuela served as General Counsel and Secretary of Continucare
Corporation from May 2002 through March 2004. From 1994 to 2002, Mr. Palenzuela
served as an officer and director of Community Health Plan of the Rockies, Inc.,
a health maintenance organization based in Denver, Colorado. Community Health
Plan of the Rockies, Inc. filed for protection under Chapter 11 of the federal
bankruptcy laws on November 15, 2002, and was released from Chapter 11 on
December 16, 2002. From March 1999 through June 2001, Mr. Palenzuela served as
General Counsel of Universal Rehabilitation Centers of America, Inc. n/k/a
Universal Medical Concepts, Inc., a physician practice management company. Mr.
Palenzuela received his Bachelors Degree in Business Administration from the
University of Miami in 1985 and his law degree from the University of Miami
School of Law in 1988.
MARTIN W. HARRISON, M.D. has served as a Director of Metropolitan since June
1999 and currently serves as a member of Metropolitan Compensation, Audit &
Finance and Governance & Nominating Committees. From 2000 to March 2003, Mr.
Harrison also served as an advisor to the Board of Directors of Metropolitan.
Mr. Harrison is a self-employed medical doctor and has practiced medicine in
South Florida, specializing in preventive and occupational medicine. Dr.
Harrison completed his undergraduate training at the University of Illinois and
obtained his postgraduate and residency training as well as his Masters in
Public Health from Johns Hopkins University. He is currently the owner of H30,
Inc. a privately held research & biomedical company.
KARL M. SACHS, CPA rejoined the Board of Directors in September 2002 after
previously serving as a Director of Metropolitan from March 1999 to December
2001. He currently serves on Metropolitan Compensation, Audit & Finance and
Governance & Nominating Committees. He is a founding partner and President of
the Miami-based public accounting firm of Sachs & Foccaraci, P.A. A certified
public accountant for more than thirty years, Mr. Sachs is a member of the
American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, Personal Financial Planning
and Tax Sections; Florida Institute of Certified Public Accountants; and the
National Association of Certified Valuation Analysts. The firm of Sachs &
Focaracci, P.A. serves the financial and tax needs of its diverse clients in
addition to providing litigation support services. Mr. Sachs is a qualified
litigation expert for the U.S. Federal District Court, U.S. District Court, U.S.
Bankruptcy Court and Circuit Courts of Dade and Broward Counties and has
previously served as an auditor for the Internal Revenue Service. He is a
graduate of the University of Miami where he received his Bachelors Degree in
Business Administration in 1957.
ERIC HASKELL, CPA joined the Board of Directors of the Company in August 2004.
Mr. Haskell is a certified public accountant with over 30 years of experience in
senior financial positions at several public and private companies and has
significant expertise in the areas of acquisitions and divestitures, strategic
planning and investor relations. Since December 2005, Mr. Haskell has served as
the interim Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of SunCom
Wireless Holdings, Inc., a publicly traded company providing digital wireless
communications services. He has also served as a member of the SunCom Board of
Directors since November 2003. From 1989 until April 2004, Mr. Haskell served as
the Chief Financial Officer of Systems & Computer Technology Corp., a NASDAQ
listed software and services corporation with annual revenues of approximately
$270 million. Since May 2005, he has served on the Board of Directors and the
Audit and Compensation Committees of Indus International, Inc., a publicly
traded provider of service delivery management solutions. He also serves on the
Board of Directors and Audit and Compensation Committees of eMoney Advisor,
Inc., a provider of web-enabled comprehensive wealth planning solutions. Mr.
Haskell has served on the Board of the Philadelphia Ronald McDonald House since
1996 and currently serves as Chairman of its Finance Committee. Mr. Haskell
received his Bachelors Degree in Business Administration from Adelphi University
in 1969.                   - 52 BARRY T. ZEMAN joined the Board of Directors in August 2004. Mr. Zeman has 34
years of health care industry and hospital management experience. Mr. Zeman has
operated in the capacity of President and/or Chief Executive Officer of several
hospital organizations throughout the State of New York. He served as Associate
Director of the Long Island Jewish Medical Center from 1971 through 1976. He
served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Staten Island University
Hospital from 1976 to 1989 and was President and Chief Executive Officer of St.
Charles Hospital and Rehabilitation Center from 1991 through 2000. From 2000
through February 2003, Mr. Zeman served as President of the Parker Jewish
Institute, a private not-for-profit rehabilitative, sub-acute and long-term care
institution. In 1989, Mr. Zeman founded U.S. Business Development Corp., a
private consulting firm offering comprehensive and consultative solutions to
professionals in the areas of health care finance, construction, physician group
practices, hospital association activities and health care law. He has served as
President of U.S. Business Development Corp. since its inception. In May 2004,
Mr. Zeman became Regional Business Development Manager for Wells Fargo Home
Mortgage. He currently serves as the Chair of the Building & Grounds Committee
and Secretary of the Board of Directors of Adelphi University and has served on
the Board of Directors of Adelphi University since 1997. Mr. Zeman received his
Bachelors Degree in Business Administration from the University of Cincinnati in
1969.
Legal Proceedings
Metropolitan is not aware of any pending, material legal proceedings to which
any director, officer or affiliate of Metropolitan, any owner of record or
beneficially of more than five percent of any class of voting securities of
Metropolitan, or any associate of any such director, officer, affiliate of
Metropolitan, or security holder is a party adverse to Metropolitan or any of
its subsidiaries or has a material interest adverse to Metropolitan.
Audit and Finance Committee
Metropolitan Audit & Finance Committee consists of Mr. Sachs, Mr. Haskell, Mr.
Zeman and Dr. Harrison. The Board of Directors has determined that each member
of the Audit Committee is an independent director pursuant to Section 121A of
the AMEX Company Guide and Rule 10A-3 promulgated pursuant to the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Board has determined that Mr. Sachs and
Mr. Haskell meet the financial expert requirements set forth in the rules
established pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. See Mr. Sachs' and Mr.
Haskell biographies above for more information regarding their relevant
experience.                   - 53 Procedures for Shareholders to Nominate Directors
There have been no material changes to the procedures by which Metropolitan
shareholders may recommend nominees to the Board of Director implemented after
the disclosure of those procedures contained in the proxy statement for the our
2005 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
Metropolitan has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to all
employees of the Company, including its principal executive officer, principal
financial officer and principal accounting officer. A copy of the Code of
Business Conduct and Ethics is filed as Exhibit 1015 to this Annual Report on
Form 10-K.
COMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 16A OF THE EXCHANGE ACT
Section 16a of the Exchange Act requires Metropolitan directors and
executive officers, and persons who own more than ten 10% percent of the
outstanding Common Stock, to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership on
Form 3 and reports of changes in ownership of Common Stock on Forms 4 or 5. Such
persons are required by SEC regulation to furnish Metropolitan with copies of
all such reports they file.
Based solely on its review of the copies of such reports furnished to
Metropolitan or written representations that no other reports were required,
Metropolitan believes that all Section 16a filing requirements applicable to
its officers, directors and greater than ten 10% percent beneficial owners
were complied with during the year ended December 31, 2005 except for the
following: Barry T. Zeman failed to file on a timely basis one report on Form 4
with respect to one transaction; Martin W. Harrison, M.D. failed to file on a
timely basis three reports on Form 4 with respect to four transactions; Karl M.
Sachs failed to file on a timely basis one report on Form 4 with respect to one
transaction; and Michael M. Earley failed to file on a timely basis one report
on Form 4 with respect to two transactions.
