ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
Reports of Grant Thornton LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
30   Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December31, 2007 and 2006
33   Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years Ended December31, 2007, 2006 and 2005
35   Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity and Comprehensive Income for the Years
Ended December31, 2007, 2006 and 2005
36   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December31, 2007, 2006 and 2005
37   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
38   ScheduleII Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
56 29 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM Board of Directors and Stockholders
of Advanced Energy Industries, Inc. We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Advanced Energy Industries, Inc. a
Delaware corporation and subsidiaries together the Company as of December31, 2007 and 2006,
and the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders equity and comprehensive income,
and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December31, 2007. Our audits of
the basic financial statements included the financial statement schedule listed in the index
appearing under Item8. These financial statements and financial statement schedule are the
responsibility of the Companys management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An
audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of Advanced Energy Industries, Inc. and subsidiaries as
of December31, 2007 and 2006, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of
the three years in the period ended December31, 2007, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the related financial
statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole,
presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company adopted the Statement
of Financial Accounting Standards No123R, Share-Based Payment, on January1, 2006. As
discussed in Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company adopted the Financial
Accounting Standards Board Interpretation No48, Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes an
interpretation of FASB Statement No109, on January1, 2007. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board United States, Advanced Energy Industries, Inc. and subsidiaries internal control over
financial reporting as of December31, 2007, based on criteria established in Internal
ControlIntegrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission COSO, and our report dated March17, 2008 expressed an unqualified opinion on the
effectiveness of the Companys internal control over financial reporting. s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP Denver, Colorado
March17, 2008 30 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM Board of
Directors and Stockholders
of Advanced Energy Industries, Inc. We have audited Advanced Energy Industries, Inc. a Delaware Corporation and subsidiaries
together the Company internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2007, based
on criteria established in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO. Advanced Energy Industries, Inc.s
management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and
for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in
the accompanying Managements Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under
