Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.  The financial statements required by this item are filed as part of this Annual Report on pages F-1 through F-23 immediately preceding the signature page to this Annual Report. The supplementary financial information required by this item
are filed as part of this Annual Report under the section titled Quarterly Results in Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and on pages S-1 through S-2 immediately
preceding the signature page to this Annual Report.  
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.  None.  
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures.  Our
management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2003. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of December 31, 2003, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms.  There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2003 that have materially affected, or are
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
27 Table of Contents
PART III  Certain information required by Part
III, Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 is omitted from this Annual Report in that the Registrant will file a Definitive Proxy Statement for its 2004 annual meeting of stockholders pursuant to Regulation 14A Proxy Statement not later than 120
days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report containing the information required by such items.  
