ITEM 8.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
The consolidated financial statements and supplementary data and the report of Deloitte Touche LLP, our independent registered public accountants, are on the following pages F-1 through F-20 and are incorporated herein by reference. Item 1.
BUSINESS Item! 1A.
RISK FACTORS Item 1B.
UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS Item 2.
PROPERTIES Item 3.
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS Item! 4.
SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS
PART II Item 5.
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SECs rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure.In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, we recognize that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and we are required to apply our judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 24 As required by Exchange Act Rule 13a-15b, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal quarter covered by
this report.Based on the foregoing, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective.
There has been no change in our internal controls over financial reporting during our most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting.
Management Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Internal control over financial reporting refers to the process designed by, or under the supervision of, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, and effected by our Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and includes those policies and procedures that Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Internal control over financial reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of its inherent limitations.Internal control over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures.Internal
control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion or improper management override.Because of such limitations, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting.However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process.Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, the risk.Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting.
Management has used the framework set forth in the report entitled Internal Control-Integrated Framework published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations COSO of the Treadway Commission to evaluate the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting.Management has concluded that its
internal control over financial reporting was effective as of the end of the most recent fiscal year.
This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting.Managements report was not subject to attestation by the companys registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission
that permit us to provide only managements report in this annual report.
The foregoing has been approved by our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, who have been involved with the assessment and analysis of our internal controls over financial reporting. 
25 
PART III 