ITEM 8.FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA  Reference is made to the
Index to Financial Statements which appears on page F-1 of this report. The Report of Independent Accountants, Financial Statements and Notes to Financial Statements which are listed in the Index to Financial Statements and which appear beginning on
page F-2 of this report are incorporated into this Item 8.  
Item1. 
BUSINESS 
1 
Item1A. 
COMPANY RISK FACTORS 
12 
Item 2. 
PROPERTIES 
23 
Item 3. 
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
23 
Item 4. 
SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS 
24 
PART II 
Item 5.DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT  The following table presents
our directors and executive officers, their ages and the positions held by them as of March 29, 2002:   Name 
Age 
Position 
Gerald W. Kearby 
54 
President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
Robert G. Flynn 
48 
Senior Vice President of Business Development, Director and Secretary 
Michael R. Bolcerek 
40 
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
Richard W. Wingate 
49 
Senior Vice President of Content Development and Label Relations 
Leon Rishniw 
36 
Vice President of Engineering 
Ann Winblad 
51 
Director 
Stephen V. Imbler 
50 
Director 
Raymond A. Doig 
64 
Director 
Mr. Kearby co-founded Liquid Audio in January 1996. Since January 1996,
Mr. Kearby has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer and one of our directors. From June 1995 to December 1995, Mr. Kearby was co-founder and Chief Executive Officer of Integrated Media Systems, a manufacturer of computer-based
professional audio equipment. From January 1989 until June 1995, Mr. Kearby served as Vice President of Sales and Marketing at Studer Editech Corporation, a professional audio recording equipment company. Mr. Kearby holds a B.A. in broadcast
management and audio engineering from San Francisco State University.  Mr. Flynn co-founded Liquid Audio in January 1996.
Since July 1999, Mr. Flynn has served as our Senior Vice President of Business Development and Secretary and since July 2001, as one of our directors. From January 1996 to July 1999, Mr. Flynn served as our Vice President of Business Development and
Secretary. Mr.Flynn also served as our Chief Financial Officer from January 1996 to August 1997 and as one of our directors from January 1996 to June 1996. From March 1987 until November 1995, Mr. Flynn served as a general partner of
Entertainment Media Venture Partners I, L.P., an institutional venture capital fund investing in the entertainment, media and communications technology industries. During this time, Mr. Flynn also served on the board of directors of Integrated Media
Systems. Mr. Flynn holds a B.A. in English from Stanford University and an M.B.A. from University of California at Los Angeles.  Mr. Bolcerek has served as our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since April 2001. From June to September 2000, Mr. Bolcerek was Chief Operating Officer and Vice President of Finance for Mongomusic.com, an online
music service provider. From January 1999 to June 2000, Mr. Bolcerek was a finance consultant to several high technology and Internet companies. From June 1997 to September 1998, Mr.Bolcerek was President, Chief Financial Officer and Vice
President of Finance for Spatializer Audio Laboratories Inc., an audio technology licensing company. From January 1997 to May 1997, Mr. Bolcerek was acting Corporate Controller for Novadigm, Inc., a software company. From June 1995 to July 1996,
Mr.Bolcerek was Controller for Nokia Display Products, Inc., a computer monitor manufacturer and division of Nokia Group. From January 1994 to March 1995, Mr. Bolcerek was Acting Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer for Axil Computer, Inc., a
computer hardware manufacturer. Prior to January 1994, Mr. Bolcerek held finance positions at NeXT Computer, Inc. and Oracle Corporation. Mr. Bolcerek holds a B.A. in economics from Brown University.  Mr. Wingate has served as our Senior Vice President of Content Development and Label Relations since November 1999 and as our Vice President of
Content Development and Label Relations since August 1998. Mr.Wingate operated his own new media marketing consulting company, Wingate Marketing, from July 1996 until June 1998. From August 1997 to June 1998, Mr. Wingate was also a private
music industry consultant.
39  
From June 1994 to July 1996, Mr. Wingate was Senior Vice President, Marketing for Arista Records Incorporated, a music recording company. Prior to June 1994, Mr. Wingate held several senior
management positions with major music industry record labels, including Polygram, Inc. and Columbia Records. Mr. Wingate holds a B.A. in communications from Brown University.  Mr. Rishniw has served as our Vice President of Engineering since October 1999. He was originally employed by us as a software engineer in August 1996, became one of our
Development Managers in January 1997 and Director of Engineering in November 1998. From May 1995 until August 1996, Mr. Rishniw served as a senior software engineer for Studer Editech, a professional audio recording equipment company. From August
1994 until May 1995, Mr. Rishniw served as a software engineer for Signal Stream Technology, a medical imaging technology provider. Mr. Rishniw holds a B.S. in engineering from Melbourne Institute of Technology.  Ms. Winblad has served as one of our directors since May 1996. Ms. Winblad has been a general partner of Hummer Winblad Venture Partners, a
venture capital investment firm, since 1989. She is a member of the board of trustees of the University of St. Thomas and is an advisor to numerous entrepreneurial groups such as the Software Development Forum and Software Industry Business
Practices. Ms. Winblad also serves on the boards of directors of Net Perceptions Inc., a developer and supplier of real-time recommendation technology for the Internet, The Knot, Inc., an Internet-based wedding services company, and several private
companies. Ms.Winblad holds a B.S. in mathematics and business administration from the College of Saint Catherine and an M.A. in education with an economics focus from the University of St. Thomas.  Mr. Imbler has served as one of our directors since November 2001. Mr. Imbler has held a variety of positions at Hyperion Solutions Corporation,
a business intelligence software company, since July 1995, including Advisor from October 2001 to present, President and Chief Operating Officer from April 1999 to October 2001 and Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from July 1995 to
April 1999. Mr. Imbler served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Gupta Corporation, an enterprise database software company, from November 1994 to July 1995, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for QuickResponse Services
Inc., a developer of supply chain software applications, from May 1993 to October 1994, and Vice President of Finance for Oracle Corporation, an enterprise database and software developer, from July 1987 to May 1993. Mr. Imbler also serves on the
board of directors for Wavecom, Inc., a French telecommunications company. Mr. Imbler holds an M.B.A. from University of Texas at Austin and a B.M. in piano performance from Wichita State University.  Mr. Doig has served as one of our directors since November 2001. Mr. Doig has served as President of EMV Partners Corp., a company engaged in
business consulting and as the general partner of a venture capital limited partnership, from 1986 to 1998. From 1983 to 1986, Mr. Doig was co-founder and Chief Operating Officer of Stanfill, Doig Co., a consulting firm. From March 1977 to
August 1983, Mr. Doig served as President and CEO of 20th Century Fox International and as Vice President of Corporate Development for 20th Century Fox Film Corp. During 1998 and 1999, Mr. Doig served as a fulltime operations consultant to
Entertainment Properties, Inc., a wholly-owned privately held company. Mr. Doig continues to act as a consultant to Entertainment Properties, Inc. on an as needed basis. Mr. Doig holds an M.B.A., an M.S. in Public Administration and a B.S. in
Physical Sciences from the University of Southern California.  Section 16a Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance  Section 16a of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires our officers and directors, and persons who own more than 10% of a registered class of our
equity securities, to file certain reports regarding ownership of, and transactions in, our securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and with Nasdaq. Such officers, directors and 10% shareholders are also required by SEC rules to
furnish us with copies of all Section16a forms that they file.  Based solely on our review of copies of Forms 3, 4, 5
and amendments thereto furnished to us pursuant to Rule 16a-e with respect to the last fiscal year and any written representations referred to in Item 405b2i
40  
of Regulation S-K stating that no Forms 5 were applicable to our officers, directors and 10% shareholders were complied with, we believe that all reports required to be filed under Section 16a
have been filed on a timely basis by the foregoing persons for our 2001 fiscal year, except as follows: a late filing of a Form 3 by Stephen V. Imbler, resulting in his initial holdings not being timely reported; a late filing of a Form 3 by Raymond
A. Doig, resulting in his initial holdings not being timely reported; a late filing of a Form 4 by Gerald W. Kearby, resulting in one sales transaction not being timely reported; a late filing of a Form 4 by Philip R. Wiser, resulting in one sales
transaction not being timely reported; a late filing of a Form 5 by Ann Winblad, resulting in an option grant not being timely reported; and a late filing of a Form 5 by Robert G. Flynn, resulting in an option grant not being timely reported. Form
5s by Michael R. Bolcerek, Gerald W. Kearby, Silvia Kessel, Mathieu Prevost, Leon Rishniw, Richard W. Wingate and Philip R. Wiser have not been filed as of date but are in the process of being filed, hence, options granted to them during our 2001
fiscal year have not been timely reported.  Board Composition  We currently have five directors. Our restated certificate of incorporation divides our board of directors into three classes: Class I, whose term will expire at the annual meeting of
stockholders to be held in 2003; Class II, whose term will expire at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2004; and Class III, whose term will expire at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2002. The Class I directors are
Robert G. Flynn and Stephen V. Imbler, the Class II directors are Ann Winblad and one position vacant and the Class III directors are Gerald W. Kearby and Raymond A. Doig. At each annual meeting of stockholders after the initial classification, the
successors to directors whose terms have expired will be elected to serve from the time of election and qualification until the third annual meeting following their election. In addition, our bylaws provide that the authorized number of directors
may be changed only by resolution of the board of directors. Any additional directorships resulting from an increase in the number of directors will be distributed among the three classes so that, as nearly as possible, each class will consist of
one-third of the total number of directors. This classification of the board of directors may have the effect of delaying or preventing changes in our control or management.  Each officer is elected by, and serves at the discretion of, the board of directors. Each of our officers and directors, other than non-employee directors, devotes his or her full time
to our affairs. Our non-employee directors devote the amount of time necessary to discharge their duties to us. There are no family relationships among any of our directors, officers or key employees.  Board Committees  The audit committee of the
board of directors reviews our internal accounting procedures and consults with and reviews the services provided by our independent accountants. The audit committee currently consists of Stephen V. Imbler, Ann Winblad and Raymond A. Doig.
The compensation committee of the board of directors reviews and recommends to the board of directors the compensation and
benefits of all of our executive officers, administers our stock and option plans and establishes and reviews general policies relating to compensation and benefits of our employees. The compensation committee currently consists of Ann Winblad and
Raymond A. Doig. No interlocking relationships exist between our board of directors or compensation committee and the board of directors or compensation committee of any other company, nor has an interlocking relationship existed in the past.
The compensation committee believes that the compensation of the executive officers, including that of the Chief Executive
Officer each, an Executive Officer and collectively, the Executive Officers, should be influenced by our performance. The compensation committee establishes the salaries and bonuses of all of the Executive Officers by
considering: i our financial performance for the past year; ii the achievement of certain objectives related to the particular Executive Officers area of responsibility; iii the salaries and bonuses of Executive Officers in similar
positions of comparably-sized companies; and iv the relationship between revenue and Executive Officer compensation. 
41  In addition to salary and bonus, the compensation committee, from time to time, grants options
to Executive Officers. The compensation committee views option grants as an important component of its long-term, performance-based compensation philosophy. Since the value of an option bears a direct relationship to our stock price, the
compensation committee believes that options motivate Executive Officers to manage us in a manner that will also benefit stockholders. As such, options are granted at the current market price. One of the principal factors considered in granting
options to an Executive Officer is the Executive Officers ability to influence our long-term growth and profitability.  Director Compensation
In February 2002, our board of directors approved a plan to that provides our non-employee directors with cash compensation
of $10,000 upon initial election and on each anniversary of becoming a director during their term of service, and $1,000 per meeting of the board of directors attended during their term of service. Previously, our directors did not receive cash
compensation for their service as members of the board of directors. Our directors are reimbursed for certain expenses in connection with attendance at board and committee meetings. Non-employee directors are granted a fully vested option to
purchase 30,000 shares of common stock upon initial election and a fully vested option to purchase 10,000 shares of common stock on each anniversary of becoming a director during their term of service. We do not provide additional compensation for
committee participation or special assignments of the board of directors. In June 2001, we granted Ann Winblad an option to purchase 10,000 shares of common stock, and in November 2001, we granted Stephen V. Imbler and Raymond A. Doig an option to
purchase 30,000 shares of common stock each.  Change of Control Arrangements  The compensation committee of our board of directors has approved a plan that provides that in the event of a change of control of Liquid Audio, the stock options of each our executive
officers will immediately vest the greater of one year or 25% of all of their outstanding or unvested stock options. Executive officers qualifying under this plan include Gerald W. Kearby and Robert G. Flynn; the executive officers listed under
DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT, and, H. Thomas Blanco Vice President of Human Resources, Matthew Smith Vice President of Product Marketing and Kay Marsh Vice President of Information Technology. Under a separate
employment agreement, the stock options of Michael R. Bolcerek will vest an additional 125% in the event of his termination as a result of a change of control of Liquid Audio. For purposes of this plan, a change of control is defined as an event at
which either 1 we enter into an agreement to dispose of all or substantially all of our assets; or 2 our stockholders dispose of 50% or more of our outstanding common stock. 
42  
