Item 8. Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data.
The Companys Consolidated
Financial Statements and Schedule included in this Report beginning at pageF-1
are incorporated in this Item 8 by reference. 42 Item 1.
Business
2
Item 1A.
Risk Factors
16
Item 1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments
27
Item 2.
Properties
27
Item
3.
Legal
Proceedings
27
Item 4.
Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
28
PARTII
Item 5. Controls
and Procedures.
Disclosure Controls
and Procedures
The Company maintains disclosure controls and
procedures that are designed to ensure that the information required to be
disclosed in the Companys reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized, and
reported within the time periods specified in the SECs rulesand forms,
and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management,
including our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO,
as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In
designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management
recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and
operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired
control objectives.
In connection with the
preparation of this annual report on Form10-K as of March31,
2006, an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the
participation of our management, including the CEO and CFO, of the
effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and
procedures as defined in Rule13a-15eunder the Exchange
Act. Based on this evaluation, our CEO and CFO have concluded that our
disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of March31, 2006 to
ensure that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports we submit
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within
the time periods specified in the rulesand forms of the SEC and that such
information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our CEO
and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure.
Managements Report
on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Our management is
responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules13a-15fand
15d-15f. Under the supervision and with the participation of our
management, including our CEO and CFO, we conducted an evaluation of the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the
framework in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organization of the Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation
under the framework in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework, our management
concluded that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial
reporting as of March31, 2006. Our managements assessment of the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of March31,
2006 has been attested to and reported on by Deloitte Touche LLP,
our independent registered public accounting firm. The independent registered
accounting firms attestation report follows. Projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risks that controls may
become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Changes in Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting
During the fiscal quarter ended March31, 2006, the
following changes occurred in our internal control over financial reporting
that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our
internal control over financial reporting The implementation and
execution of operation of controls over inventories as they relate to custody,
control and recording of assets, including compiling fiscal year-end physical
inventory counts for inventory, principally controls related to the compiling
of inventory count tags and the review by supervisors sufficient to detect
errors arising from manually input data. 43 REPORT OF
INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of
Capstone Turbine Corporation
Chatsworth, California
We have audited managements assessment, included in
the accompanying Managements Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting, that Capstone Turbine Corporation and subsidiary the Company
maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of March31,
2006, based on criteria established in Internal
ControlIntegrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The Companys management is
responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting
and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on managements
assessment and an opinion on the effectiveness of the Companys internal
control over financial reporting based on our audit.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards
of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was
maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting, evaluating
managements assessment, testing and evaluating the design and operating
effectiveness of internal control, and performing such other procedures as we
considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a
reasonable basis for our opinions.
A companys internal control over financial reporting
is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the companys principal
executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar
functions, and effected by the companys board of directors, management, and
other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A companys
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and
procedures that 1pertain to the maintenance of records that, in
reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
dispositions of the assets of the company; 2provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made
only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the
company; and 3provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or
timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
companys assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of the inherent limitations of internal
control over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or
improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error
or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Also, projections
of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial
reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may
become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
In our opinion, managements assessment that the
Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of March31,
2006, is fairly stated, in all material respects, based on the criteria
established in Internal ControlIntegrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all
material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of March31,
2006, based on the criteria established in Internal
ControlIntegrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 44 We have also audited, in
accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
United States, the consolidated financial statements and financial statement
schedule as of and for the year ended March31, 2006 of the Company and
our report dated June14, 2006 expressed an unqualified opinion on those
financial statements and financial statement schedule. s/
DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP
Los Angeles, California
June14, 2006
Item 1.
Business
2
Item 1A.
Risk Factors
16
Item 1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments
27
Item 2.
Properties
27
Item
3.
Legal
Proceedings
27
Item 4.
Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
28
PARTII
Item 5. Directors
and Executive Officers of the Registrant.
The information required
by this Item 10 is incorporated by reference from Capstones definitive proxy
statement for its 2006 annual meeting of stockholders, scheduled to be held on August18,
2006.
