Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
We also have entered into stand-by letters of credit that total approximately $31 million as of December31, 2013. The stand-by letters
of credit relate to financing arrangements and workers compensation insurance. Based on the nature of these arrangements and our historical experience, we do not expect to make any material payments under these arrangements. 
Off Balance Sheet Arrangements We
do not have any off balance sheet arrangements that are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
Adoption of New Accounting Pronouncements The Company
adopted the following new accounting pronouncements during the year end December31, 2013:  ASU No2011-11, Balance Sheet: Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities, including clarifications released in ASU No2013-01, Balance Sheet: Clarifying the Scope of Disclosures
about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities.  ASU No2013-02, Comprehensive Income: Reporting of Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income. ASU No2013-10, Derivatives and Hedging: Inclusion of the Fed Funds Effective Swap Rate or Overnight Index Swap Rate as a Benchmark Interest Rate for Hedge Accounting Purposes. 
34 Table of Contents
The Company adopted the following new accounting pronouncements on January1, 2014: ASU No2013-11, Income Taxes: Presentation of an Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward, a Similar Tax Loss, or a Tax Credit Carryforward Exists. Item7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk The primary market risks
affecting our business relate to our exposure to commodity risk, interest rate risk, and foreign currency exchange rate risk. Commodity Risk 
Certain materials we use in our business are classified as commodities traded in the worldwide markets, of which the most significant commodity
is steel, used in the manufacturing of pipe. We do not hedge our commodity risk. The impact of volatility in steel prices to each of our operating segments varies significantly. 
Steel comprises approximately 25% to 35% of Water Transmission project costs. As steel represents a substantial portion of our cost of sales,
we generally place orders for steel as soon as possible after a project is awarded. Most projects are awarded within thirty to ninety days of the bid date, and thus we are subject to some market fluctuations involving steel. In order to minimize our
risk exposure to steel volatility, we typically submit bids based on general assumptions of the price of steel when we would receive a purchase order or contract. In addition, we typically order steel at the beginning of the project in order to
minimize our exposure to fluctuations in steel prices. By contrast, steel comprises approximately 75% to 85% of total product costs for
Tubular Products. Historically, we have been able to adjust our selling prices to reflect fluctuations in our cost of steel; however, we are exposed to volatile steel prices in those instances in which we carry steel inventory that is not already
assigned to sales orders. To minimize this risk, we monitor steel inventory and purchasing actions. If steel costs were to decline after December31, 2013, our Tubular Products division would have less than one month of steel inventory exposed
to the risk of declining gross margins. Interest Rate Risk 
Our debt at December31, 2013 bears interest at both fixed and variable rates. At December31, 2013, approximately $879 million of
our debt accrues interest at a variable rate as compared to $475 million at December31, 2012. Assuming average interest rates and borrowings on variable rate debt, a hypothetical 10%, or 100 basis point change in interest rates would not
have a material impact on our interest expense in either year. Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
We transact business in various foreign countries, and, from time to time, settle our transactions in foreign currencies. We have established a
program that utilizes foreign currency forward contracts to offset the risk associated with the effects of certain foreign currency exposures, typically arising from sales contracts denominated in Canadian currency. These contracts are not used for
trading or for speculative purposes. Foreign currency forward contracts are consistent with our strategy for financial risk management and have maturities generally less than one year. As of December31, 2013, the total notional amount of these
derivative contracts was $39 million CAD$41 million, of which we applied hedge accounting to $38 million CAD$41 million. At December31, 2013, one of our contracts with a notional value of $38 million CAD$41 million had a remaining
maturity of 13 months. As of December31, 2012, the total notional amount of our derivative contracts was $124 million CAD$123 million. 
A hypothetical 10% change in the Canadian Dollar foreign currency exchange rate would not have a material impact on our reported 2013 or 2012
net sales. 
35 Table of Contents Item8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data The consolidated financial statements
required by this item are included on pages F-1 to F-30 at the end of this 2013 Form 10-K. The financial statement schedule required by this item is included on page S-1. The quarterly information required by this item is included under the caption
Quarterly Data unaudited in Note 18 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IIItem1
Business 2 Item1A
Risk Factors 8 Item1B
Unresolved Staff Comments 16 Item2
Properties 17 Item3
Legal Proceedings 17 Item4
Mine Safety Disclosures 19 Part II Item5.
Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
Our management, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO,
evaluated the effectiveness of the Companys disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period. Based on their evaluation, as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-K, the Companys CEO and CFO have concluded that
the Companys disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15e and 15d-15e under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in
reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including the CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Managements Report on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting,
as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15f and 15d-15f under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles GAAP. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
that ipertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; iiprovide reasonable assurance that our transactions are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and our directors; and iiiprovide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
For the purposes of conducting its 2013 evaluation of the effectiveness of the Companys internal control over financial reporting,
management has excluded the acquisition of Permalok, completed on December30, 2013, whose financial statements constitute 5% and 0%, respectively, of total assets and total revenues of theconsolidated financial statement amounts as of
and for the year ended December31, 2013. Refer to Part IINote 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of this 2013 Form 10-K for further discussion of the acquisition and the impact on the Companys Consolidated
Financial Statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all
misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our CEO and CFO, we conducted an assessment of
our internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2013. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth in Internal Control-Integrated Framework 1992issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission COSO. Based on this evaluation, 
36 Table of Contents
management concluded that the Companys internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December31, 2013. The effectiveness of the Companys internal control over
financial reporting as of December31, 2013 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein. 
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December31, 2013 that
materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting.  Item9B.
Other Information None. 
37 Table of Contents
PART III  