ITEM 8.FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA    
The financial statements and supplementary financial data required by this Item8 are set forth in  of this
Form10-K. All information that has been omitted is either inapplicable or not required. 
Item 1.
BUSINESS 4 Item 1A.
RISK FACTORS 19 Item 1B.
UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 34 Item 2.
PROPERTIES 34 Item 3.
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 35 Item 4.
MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 35  PART II Item 5.CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES    
Disclosure Controls and ProceduresWe maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information we are required to
disclose in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 the Exchange Act, such as this Annual Report on Form10-K, is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported within the time periods specified by SEC rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information we are
required to disclose in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Chief Executive Officer CEO and the Chief Financial
Officer CFO, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
Our
management evaluated, with the participation of our CEO and CFO, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September30, 2015, pursuant to
paragraphb of Rules13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act. This evaluation included a review of the controls' objectives and design, the operation of the controls, and the effect
of the controls on the information presented in this Annual Report. Our management, including the CEO and CFO, do not expect that disclosure controls can or will prevent or detect all errors and all
fraud, if any. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Our disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to provide such reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives. Also, the projection of any evaluation of the disclosure controls and procedures to future
periods is subject to the risk that the disclosure controls and procedures may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate. 
Based
on their review and evaluation, and subject to the inherent limitations described above, our CEO and CFO have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in
Rules13a-15e
and 15d-15e under the Exchange Act were effective as of September30, 2015 at the above-described reasonable assurance level. 
Internal Control over Financial ReportingManagement is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting, as defined in Rules13a-15f and 15d-15f under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
Because
of inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even internal controls determined to be effective can
provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting is subject to various inherent
limitations, including cost limitations, judgments used in decision making, assumptions about the likelihood of future events, the possibility of human error, and the risk of fraud. The projection of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods is subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in 
57 
Table of Contents
conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with policies may deteriorate. Because of these limitations, there can be no assurance that any system of internal control over financial reporting will be
successful in preventing all errors or fraud or in making all material information known in a timely manner to the appropriate levels of management. 
There
has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September30, 2015 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
Management Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting     Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control
system has been designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation and presentation of our financial statements. 
Our
management has assessed the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of September30, 2015 using the criteria issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework 2013. Based on that assessment, management believes that
our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September30, 2015. BDO
USA,LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm which audits our consolidated financial statements, has issued the following attestation report on the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. 
58  Table of Contents 
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm    
The
Board of Directors and Stockholders
Headwaters Incorporated
South Jordan, Utah 
We
have audited Headwaters Incorporated internal control over financial reporting as of September30, 2015, based on criteria established in Internal
ControlIntegrated Framework 2013 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
the COSO criteria. Headwaters Incorporated management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal
control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Item9A, Management Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
Company internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 
We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and
performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
A
company internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
that 1pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 2provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 3provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. In
our opinion, Headwaters Incorporated maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September30, 2015, based on the COSO
criteria. 
We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the consolidated balance sheets of Headwaters Incorporated as of
September30, 2014 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of income, changes in stockholders' equity net capital deficiency, and cash flows for each of the three years in the
period ended September30, 2015 and our report dated November17, 2015 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. s/
BDO USA,LLP 
Costa
Mesa, California
November17, 2015 
Item 1.
BUSINESS 4 Item 1A.
RISK FACTORS 19 Item 1B.
UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 34 Item 2.
PROPERTIES 34 Item 3.
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 35 Item 4.
MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 35  PART II Item 5.DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE     The applicable information to be set forth under the captions Executive Officers, Corporate Governance, Section16a
Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance and Proposal No1Election of Directors in our Proxy Statement to be filed in January 2016 for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be
held in 2016 the Proxy Statement, is incorporated herein by reference. 
Item 1.
BUSINESS 4 Item 1A.
RISK FACTORS 19 Item 1B.
UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 34 Item 2.
PROPERTIES 34 Item 3.
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 35 Item 4.
MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 35  PART II Item 5.SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS    
The information to be set forth under the captions Summary Information about Incentive Compensation Plans and Security Ownership of
Certain Beneficial Owners and Management in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
