ITEM8.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA  Our consolidated financial statements, together with the related notes and the report of independent registered public accounting firm, are set forth on
the pages indicated in . 
43 Item 1. Business.
3 Item1A. RiskFactors.
17 Item1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.
27 Item 2. Properties.
27 Item 3. Legal Proceedings.
27 Item 4.CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  Our management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15e and 15d-15e
under the Exchange Act as of December31, 2005. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily
applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December31, 2005, our chief executive officer and chief financial
officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level.  Managements Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial
reporting is defined in Rules 13a-15f and 15d-15f promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the companys principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the
companys board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. Such internal control includes those policies and procedures that:  Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company;
Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles,
and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and  Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the companys assets that could have a material effect
on the financial statements.  Because of its
inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2005. In making this assessment, our
management used the criteria set forth in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO. Based on its assessment, our management has determined that, as of
December31, 2005, our internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria.  Our managements assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2005 has been audited by
Grant Thornton LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their attestation report which appears in  below. 
44  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  No change in our internal control over financial reporting as defined in
Rules 13a-15f and 15d-15f under the Exchange Act occurred during the fiscal quarter ended December31, 2005 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
Item 1. Business.
3 Item1A. RiskFactors.
17 Item1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.
27 Item 2. Properties.
27 Item 3. Legal Proceedings.
27 Item 4.DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT  Our directors and executive officers and their ages and positions as of March1, 2006 are as follows:  Name
Age
Title
Michael J. Saylor
41
Chairman of the Board of Directors, President and Chief Executive Officer
Sanju K. Bansal
40
Vice Chairman, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer
Jonathan F. Klein
39
Vice President, Law and General Counsel
Arthur S. Locke, III
42
Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer
Eduardo S. Sanchez
49
Vice President, Worldwide Sales
Jeffrey A. Bedell
37
Vice President, Technology and Chief Technology Officer
Adam M. McDonald
31
Vice President, Worldwide Services
Matthew W. Calkins 1
32
Director
Robert H. Epstein
53
Director
F. David Fowler 1
72
Director
David W. LaRue 1
55
Director
Jarrod M. Patten 12
34
Director
Carl J. Rickertsen 2
45
Director
Thomas P. Spahr
41
Director 1
Member of the Audit Committee. 2
Member of the Compensation Committee.  Set forth below is certain information regarding the professional experience of each of the above-named persons.  Michael J. Saylor has served as chief executive officer and chairman
of the Board of Directors since founding MicroStrategy in November 1989 and as president from November 1989 to November 2000 and since January 2005. Prior to that, Mr.Saylor was employed by E.I. du Pont de Nemours Company as a
Venture Manager from 1988 to 1989 and by Federal Group, Inc. as a consultant from 1987 to 1988. Mr.Saylor received an S.B. in Aeronautics and Astronautics and an S.B. in Science, Technology and Society from the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology.  Sanju K. Bansal has served as executive
vice president and chief operating officer since 1993 and was previously vice president, consulting since joining MicroStrategy in 1990. He has been a member of the Board of Directors of MicroStrategy since September 1997 and has served as vice
chairman of the Board of Directors since November 2000. Prior to joining MicroStrategy, Mr.Bansal was a consultant at Booz Allen Hamilton, a worldwide technical and management consulting firm, from 1987 to 1990. Mr.Bansal
received an S.B. in Electrical Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and an M.S. in Computer Science from The Johns Hopkins University.  Jonathan F. Klein has served as vice president, law and general counsel since November 1998 and as corporate counsel from June 1997 to November
1998. From September 1993 to June 1997, Mr.Klein was an appellate litigator with the United States Department of Justice. Mr.Klein received a B.A. in Economics from Amherst College and a J.D. from Harvard Law School.  Arthur S. Locke, III has served as vice president, finance and chief
financial officer since January 2005 and was previously vice president, finance and worldwide controller since joining MicroStrategy in January 2001. 
46  
Prior to joining MicroStrategy, Mr.Locke served as chief financial officer of Metropolitan Area Networks, a start-up wireless broadband company, from
February 2000 to January 2001, and as corporate controller of EIS International, Inc., a publicly-traded provider of solutions and applications for the call center industry, from March 1997 to February 2000. Mr.Locke also served a total of
five years with Deloitte Touche and PricewaterhouseCoopers from 1986 to 1991. Mr.Locke is a certified public accountant and received a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration BSBA in Accounting and Computer Systems from
American University.  Eduardo S. Sanchez has served as
vice president, worldwide sales since April 2005, as vice president, worldwide sales and services from April 2001 to April 2005, as vice president, worldwide sales from 2000 to 2001, as vice president, international operations from 1998 to 2000, as
vice president, European operations from 1996 to 1998, as managing director, European operations from 1994 to 1996, and as consulting manager, US operations from 1992 to 1994. Prior to joining MicroStrategy, Mr.Sanchez worked as a consultant
in Europe, the United States, South America and Japan, developing and deploying large-scale optimization systems for the manufacturing and power utility sector. In this capacity, he was engaged in significant projects with companies such as
Mitsubishi, Groupe Saint Gobain, ABB, Siemens and Xerox. Mr.Sanchez received a bachelors degree in Electrical Engineering from the University of LaPlata in Argentina and a masters degree in Systems Engineering from George Mason
University.  Jeffrey A. Bedell has served as vice
president, technology and chief technology officer since April 2001, as vice president, platform technology from 1999 to 2001, and as senior program manager and director of technology programs from 1992 to 1999. Mr.Bedell received a B.A. in
Religion from Dartmouth College.  Adam M. McDonald has
served as vice president, worldwide services since April 2005, as vice president, technology services from November 2000 to April 2005, as senior manager and director, advanced product support from 1999 to 2000, as manager, advanced product support
from 1998 to 1999 and as technical support lead engineer from 1996 to 1998. Mr.McDonald received a B.A. in History from Dartmouth College.  Matthew W. Calkins has been a member of the Board of Directors of MicroStrategy since November 2004. In 1999, Mr.Calkins founded Appian
Corporation, a privately-held business process management company, where he has served as the president and chief executive officer since its founding. Mr.Calkins received a B.A. in Economics from Dartmouth College.  Robert H. Epstein has been a member of the Board of Directors of
MicroStrategy since January 2006. Mr.Epstein is currently president and chief executive officer of Takeda Lace USA, Inc., the U.S. subsidiary of Japan-based textile manufacturer Takeda Lace Co., Ltd., a position he has held since May 2002.
From October 2001 until May 2002, Mr.Epstein pursued various business opportunities, including serving as a consultant for Warnaco Inc., an apparel manufacturer. From June 1978 until October 2001, Mr.Epstein served in various positions
at textile manufacturer Liberty Fabrics of New York, Inc., concluding his tenure as Division President and Chief Operating Officer. Mr.Epstein received a B.S. in Psychology from Columbia University and did coursework at the Stern School of
Business at New York University.  F. David Fowler has
been a member of the Board of Directors of MicroStrategy since June 2001. Mr.Fowler was the dean of the School of Business and Public Management at The George Washington University from July 1992 until his retirement in June 1997 and a member
of KPMG LLP from 1963 until his retirement in June 1992. As a member of KPMG, Mr.Fowler served as managing partner of the Washington, DC office from 1987 until 1992, as partner in charge of human resources for the firm in New York City, as a
member of the firms board of directors, operating committee and strategic planning committee and as chairman of the KPMG Foundation and the KPMG personnel committee. Mr.Fowler is also a member of the board of directors of various FBR
Funds sponsored by Friedman Billings Ramsey, located in Arlington, VA, and Liquidity Services, Inc., a publicly-traded provider of services to market and sell surplus assets and wholesale goods. Mr.Fowler received a B.A./B.S. in Business from
the University of Missouri at Columbia.  David W. LaRue
has been a member of the Board of Directors of MicroStrategy since February 2006. In 1983, Dr.LaRue joined the faculty of the University of Virginias McIntire School of Commerce, where he 
47  
develops and teaches graduate and undergraduate courses in the fields of finance, accounting and taxation. From July 2000 to December 2005, Dr.LaRue
served as the Director of the Graduate Accounting Program at the McIntire School of Commerce. Dr.LaRue received a B.B.A. in Production Logistics Management, an M.S. in Accountancy, Accounting and Taxation, and a Ph.D. in Accounting, Taxation
and Economics from the University of Houston.  Jarrod M.
Patten has been a member of the Board of Directors of MicroStrategy since November 2004. In 1996, Mr.Patten founded Real Estate Resource Group, L.L.C. and has served as the president and chief executive officer since its founding. Real
Estate Resource Group, L.L.C. develops and implements lease auditing programs and cost containment strategies designed to tighten corporate controls and increase operating efficiencies. Mr.Patten received a B.S. in Biology and a B.A. in
Biological Anthropology and Anatomy from the Trinity College of Arts and Sciences at Duke University.  Carl J. Rickertsen has been a member of the Board of Directors of MicroStrategy since October 2002. Mr.Rickertsen is currently managing
partner of Pine Creek Partners, a private equity investment firm, a position he has held since January 2004. From January 1998 until January 2004, Mr.Rickertsen was chief operating officer and a partner at Thayer Capital Partners, a private
equity investment firm. From September 1994 until January 1998, Mr.Rickertsen was a managing partner at Thayer. Mr.Rickertsen was a founding partner of three Thayer investment funds totaling over $14 billion and is a published author.
Mr.Rickertsen is also a member of the board of directors of Convera Corporation, a publicly-traded search-engine software company, United Agri Products, a distributor of farm and agricultural products, and Homeland Security Capital
Corporation, a consolidator in the fragmented homeland security industry. Mr.Rickertsen received a B.S. from Stanford University and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.  Thomas P. Spahr has been a member of the Board of Directors of MicroStrategy since January 2006. Mr.Spahr is
currently president of Libra Ventures, LLC, a start-up web based applications design company, a position he has held since November 2004. Since February 2004, Mr.Spahrhas alsobeen serving as Vice President, Secretary, and Vice
President of Business Development for Jex Technologies, Inc., a technology company focusing on automating health care logistics. From June 2001 until February 2004, Mr.Spahr was an independent investor. From 1996 until June 2001,
Mr.Spahr served in various positions at MicroStrategy, concluding his tenure as Vice President, Information Systems and Chief Information Officer. Mr.Spahr received an S.B. Degree in Aeronautics and Astronautics from the Massachusetts
Institute of Technology.  Identification of Audit Committee/Audit Committee
Financial Expert  We have a separately-designated standing
Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, which provides the opportunity for direct contact between our independent auditors and the Board of Directors. The Audit Committee is currently comprised of Messrs. Calkins, Fowler, LaRue and Patten and was
established in accordance with section 3a58A of the Exchange Act. Our Board of Directors has designated Messrs. Fowler and LaRue as audit committee financial experts under Item401h of Regulation S-K. Each member of the Audit Committee
is independent as defined under applicable SEC and Nasdaq rules.  Section16a Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance  Section16a of the Exchange Act, requires our directors, executive officers and holders of more than 10% of our class A common stock to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership of our class A common stock
and other equity securities on a Form 3 and reports of changes in such ownership on a Form 4 or Form 5. Directors, executive officers and holders of 10% of our class A common stock are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all
Section16a forms they file. To our knowledge, based solely on a review of our records and representations made by our directors and executive officers regarding their filing obligations, all Section16a filing requirements were
satisfied with respect to the fiscal year ended December31, 2005 Fiscal Year 2005. 
48  Code of Ethics  On March5, 2004, the Board of Directors, through the Audit Committee, adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to our principal executive officer,
principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions, and such other personnel of MicroStrategy or its majority-owned subsidiaries as may be designated from time to time by the chairman of
the Audit Committee. The Code of Ethics is publicly available on the Corporate Governance section of our website, www.microstrategy.com. We intend to disclose any amendments to the Code of Ethics or any waiver from a provision of the Code of
Ethics on the Corporate Governance section of our website, www.microstrategy.com.  
