Item 8.Financial Statements and Supplementary Data    
The consolidated financial statements and supplementary data of Phase Forward Incorporated and subsidiaries are listed under PartIV, , in this
Annual Report. 
Item 1. Business 3 Item 2. Properties 13 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 13 Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 14 Part II Item 5.Controls and Procedures    
We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Securities Exchange Act reports is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to
our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure
controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control
objectives, as ours are designed to do, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. As
of December31, 2004, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules13a-15e and 15d-15e under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective in enabling us to record, process, summarize and
report information required to be included in our periodic Securities and Exchange Commission filings within the required time period. There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
51  
