ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
The information required by this Item 8 is incorporated by reference to our Consolidated Financial Statements and the Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm beginning at page F-1 of this report. 
Item 1. BUSINESS
3 Item 2. PROPERTIES
37 Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
37 Item 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS
37 PART II
37 Item 5. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
As of December31, 2004, an evaluation was carried out by our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule13a-15e under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Based upon that evaluation, our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. 
52  Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 
a Management Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in
Rules13a15f and 15d15f under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. As
of December31, 2004, management, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting based on the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting established in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework, issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations COSO of the Treadway Commission. Based on the assessment, management determined that we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of
December31, 2004. 
Ernst
Young LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on
Form10-K, has issued an attestation report on our management assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting as of December31, 2004. The report, which expresses unqualified opinions on management assessment and on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting as of December31, 2004, is included in this Item under the heading Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. b Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Genetronics Biomedical Corporation 
We
have audited management assessment, included in the accompanying Management Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, that Genetronics Biomedical Corporation
Genetronics maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2004, based on criteria established in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission the COSO criteria. Genetronics management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting
and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on management assessment and an opinion on the effectiveness of
Genetronics' internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 
We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting, evaluating management assessment, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control, and performing such other procedures as we considered
necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
A
company internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
that 1pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 2provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally 
53  accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and
3provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company assets that could have a material effect on the
financial statements. 
Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
In
our opinion, management assessment that Genetronics maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2004, is fairly stated, in all material
respects, based on the COSO criteria. Also, in our opinion, Genetronics maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2004, based
on the COSO criteria. 
We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the consolidated balance sheets of Genetronics Biomedical
Corporation as of December31, 2004 and 2003 and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
December31, 2004 of Genetronics and our report dated February28, 2005 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. s/
ERNST YOUNG LLP San
Diego, California
February28, 2005 
c Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
There have not been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules13a15f and 15d15f under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that occurred during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year ended December31, 2004, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
PART III    
