ITEM 8: FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
The information required by this Item is contained in a separate section of
this Annual Report. See Index of Financial Statements and Schedules on page F.
Item 9: CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
Not applicable.
Item 9A: CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures. The Company maintains a
system of disclosure controls and procedures. The term disclosure controls and
procedures, as defined by regulations of the SEC, means controls and other
procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
in the reports that the Company files or submits to the SEC under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC rules
and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation,
controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be
disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits to the SEC
under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company
management,  including its principal executive officer and its principal
financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to
allow timely decisions to be made regarding required disclosure. Each of J.
Landis Martin, the Company Chief Executive Officer, and Bruce P. Inglis, the
Company Vice President - Finance, Corporate Controller and Treasurer, have
evaluated the Company disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31,
2004. Based upon their evaluation, these executive officers have concluded that
the Company disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of the date of
such evaluation.
Scope of management report on internal control over financial reporting.
The Company also maintains internal control over financial reporting. The term
internal control over financial reporting, as defined by regulations of the
SEC, means a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company
principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing
similar functions, and effected by the Company board of directors, management
and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with GAAP, and includes those policies and procedures
that   o  Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
assets of the Company   o  Provide reasonable  assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being
made only in accordance with  authorizations of management and
directors of the Company; and
o  Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection
of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company
assets that could have a material effect on the Company Consolidated
Financial Statements.
48   Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Sarbanes-Oxley Act
requires the Company to include annually a management report on internal control
over financial reporting starting in the Company Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2004, and such report is included below. The
Company independent registered public accounting firm is also required to
annually attest to the Company internal control over financial reporting.
As permitted by the SEC, the Company assessment of internal control over
financial reporting excludes i internal control over financial reporting of
its equity method investees and ii internal control over the preparation of
the Company financial statement schedules required by Article 12 of Regulation
S-X. See Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements and the index of
financial statements and schedules on page F-1 of this Annual Report. However,
the Company assessment of internal control over financial reporting with
respect to the Company equity method investees did include its controls over
the recording of amounts related to the Company investments that are recorded
in its Consolidated Financial Statements, including controls over the selection
of accounting methods for the Company investments, the recognition of equity
method earnings and losses and the determination, valuation and recording of the
Company investment account balances.
Changes in internal control over financial reporting. There has been no
change to the Company internal control over financial reporting during the
quarter ended December 31, 2004 that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the Company internal control over financial
reporting.
Management report on internal control over financial reporting. The
Company management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting. The Company evaluation of the
effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting is based upon the
framework of the Committee of Sponsoring  Organizations of the Treadway
Commission commonly referred to as the COSO framework. Based on the
Company evaluation under that framework, management of the Company has
concluded that the Company internal control over financial reporting was
effective as of December 31, 2004. See Scope of Management Report on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting above.
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, the independent registered public accounting
firm that has audited the Company Consolidated Financial Statements included
in this Annual Report, has audited management assessment of the effectiveness
of the Company internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2004, as stated in their report which is included in this Annual Report on Form
10-K.
49   Certifications. The Company chief executive officer is required to
annually file a certification with the New York Stock Exchange NYSE,
certifying the Company compliance with the corporate governance listing
standards of the NYSE. During 2004, the Company chief executive officer filed
such annual certification with the NYSE, which was not qualified in any respect,
indicating that he was not aware of any violations by the Company of the NYSE
corporate governance listing standards. The Company principal executive
officer and principal financial officer are also required to, among other
things, quarterly file certifications with the SEC regarding the quality of the
Company public disclosures, as required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act. Such certifications for the year ended December 31, 2004 have been filed as
exhibits  311 and 312 to this Annual  Report on Form 10-K and such
certifications for the year ended December 31, 2003 were also filed as exhibits
311 and 312 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2003.
Item 9: CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
Not applicable.
Item 9A: DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to
TIMET definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to
Regulation 14A within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this
Annual Report the TIMET Proxy Statement.
Item 9: CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
Not applicable.
Item 9A: SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the
TIMET Proxy Statement.
