Item 8. Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data
The following documents are filed as part of this
report on Form10-K 
Page
Report of
Ernst Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
F-1
Consolidated
Balance Sheets at March31, 2006 and 2005
F-2
Consolidated
Statements of Operations for the years ended March31, 2006, 2005 and
2004
F-3
Consolidated
Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended March31, 2006,
2005 and 2004
F-4
Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended March31, 2006, 2005 and
2004
F-6
Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements
F-7 - F-23
Item 1.
Description of Business
1
Item
1A.
Risk
Factors
11
Item 1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments
22
Item 2.
Description of Properties
22
Item
3.
Legal
Proceedings
22
Item 4. Controls and
Procedures
a Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures.
The
Companys management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, conducted an evaluation of the Companys disclosure controls and
procedures as of March31, 2006. Based on this evaluation, the Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have determined that such
controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information relating to
the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, required to be disclosed
in reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
in the rulesand forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission. There
have been no changes in the Companys internal controls over financial
reporting that were identified during the evaluation that occurred during the
Companys last fiscal quarter of 2006 that have materially affected, or are
reasonably likely to materially affect, the Companys internal control over
financial reporting.
Item 1.
Description of Business
1
Item
1A.
Risk
Factors
11
Item 1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments
22
Item 2.
Description of Properties
22
Item
3.
Legal
Proceedings
22
Item 4. Directors and
Executive Officers of the Registrant
CardioTechs Board of Directors is currently comprised
of six directors. The directors and executive officers, their ages and
positions at CardioTech as well as certain biographical information of these
individuals, are set forth below. The ages of the individuals are provided as
of March31, 2006. 
Name
Age
Position
Michael Szycher, Ph.D.
67
Chairman of the Board,
President, Chief Executive Officer and Treasurer
Eric G. Walters
54
Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer
Michael Adams
49
Director, Vice
President of Regulatory Affairs and Business Development
Anthony J. Armini,
Ph.D.
68
Director
Michael Barretti
60
Director
Jeremiah E. Dorsey
61
Director
William J. ONeill,Jr.
63
Director
Dr.Michael
Szycher has been Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer and
Treasurer of CardioTech since June1996. From October1989 until
joining CardioTech in June1996, Dr.Szycher served as Chairman of PolyMedica
Industries,Inc. PMI and Chief Executive Officer of PMI from November1990
to June1996, and as a director of PMI from its inception until June1996.
Dr.Szycher is also a director of Implant Sciences Corporation AMEX: IMX.
Dr.Szycher is a recognized international authority on polyurethanes and
blood compatible polymers. He is the author of over eighty original research
articles, and was a pivotal force in the creation of the Medical Plastics
Division of the SPE. Dr.Szycher is the Editor of five books, Biocompatible
Polymers, Metals and Composites; Synthetic Biomedical Polymers; Blood
Compatible Materials and Devices: Perspectives Towards the 21st Century; High
Performance Biomaterials: A Comprehensive Guide to Medical/Pharmaceutical
Applications; Szychers Dictionary of Biomaterials and Medical Devices, and
the acclaimed Szychers Dictionary of Medical Devices. He is also Editor-In-Chief of the quarterly
Journal of Biomaterials Applications. Dr.Szycher received a Ph.D. in Cardiac
Physiology from Boston University School of Medicine, and an MBA from Suffolk
University.
Mr.Eric
G. Walters has been Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of CardioTech
since October2005. Prior to joining CardioTech, Mr.Walters from October2004
through September2005 served as Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer at Konarka Technologies,Inc., a developer of light-activated
plastic photovoltaic material. Prior to joining Konarka, Mr.Walters
served in various capacities at PolyMedica Corporation during a 13-year
period, including Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
Mr.Walters, a CPA, is a Member of the American Institute of Certified
Public Accountants, a Fellow of the Massachusetts Society of Certified Public
Accountants, and a Member in Financial Executives International. Mr.Walters
also serves as a Director and the Chairman of the Audit Committee of the Board
of Directors of MFIC Corporation since November2005. Mr.Walters
received his BS degree from Colgate University and a Certificate in Accounting
from Bentley College.
Mr.Michael
Adams has been a director of CardioTech since May1999. On April1,
2006, Mr.Adams joined the Company as its Vice President of Regulatory
Affairs and Business Development. Prior to April2006, Mr; Adams was the
Vice President of PLC Systems,Inc. Prior to joining PLC Systems in September2000,
Mr.Adams was Vice President of Assurance Medical,Inc. Prior to
joining Assurance Medical in June1999, Mr.Adams was the Chief
Operating Officer and Vice President of Regulatory Affairs and Quality
Assurance of CardioTech from June1998 to May1999. From November1994
through June1998, Mr.Adams served as the Vice President of Cytyc
Corporation. Mr.Adams received a BS from the University of Massachusetts.
Dr.Anthony
J. Armini has been a director of CardioTech since August2000. Dr.Armini
has been the President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman of the Board of
Directors of Implant Science Corporation since 1984. From 1972 to 1984, prior to
founding Implant Sciences, Dr.Armini was Executive Vice President at
Spire Corporation. From 1967 to 1972, Dr.Armini was a Senior Scientist at
McDonnell Douglas Corporation. Dr.Armini received his Ph.D. in nuclear
physics from the University of California, Los Angeles in 1967. Dr.Armini
is the author of eleven patents, fifteen patents pending and fourteen
publications in the field of implant technology. Dr.Armini has over
thirty years of experience working with cyclotrons and linear accelerators, the
production and characterization of radioisotopes, and fifteen years experience
with ion implantation in the medical and semiconductor fields. 34  Mr.Michael
Barretti has been a director of CardioTech since January1998. Mr.Barretti
is the executive in residence and professor of marketing at Suffolk University
in Boston. Mr.Barretti has been the President of Cool Laser Optics,Inc.,
a company which commercializes optical technology specific to the medical laser
industry, since July1996. From September1994 to July1996, Mr.Barretti
was Vice President of Marketing for Cynosure,Inc., a manufacturer of
medical and scientific lasers. From June1987 to September1994, Mr.Barretti
was a principal and served as Chief Executive Officer of NorthFleet Management Group,
a marketing management firm serving the international medical device industry. From
January1991 to May1994, Mr.Barretti also acted as President
of Derma-Lase,Inc., the U.S. subsidiary of a Glasgow, Scotland supplier
of solid-state laser technologies to the medical field. Mr.Barretti
received his BA from St. Johns University and an MBA from Suffolk University.
Mr.Jeremiah
E. Dorsey has been a director of CardioTech since May, 2004. Mr.Dorsey
retired in 2002. From 1992 to 2002, Mr.Dorsey was President and Chief
Operating Officer of The West Company Lionville, PA, a leading supplier of
components to the pharmaceutical, medical device and dental businesses. From
1990 to 1992, Mr.Dorsey was President and Chief Executive Officer of
Foster Medical Waltham, MA, a supplier of hospital equipment. From 1988 to
1990, he was President of Towles Housewares Company Newburyport, MA, and Vice
President and Board Member of JJ Dental Products Company East Windor,
NJ, a world leader in composite materials, dental amalgams, cleaning and
polishing products. Mr.Dorsey received a BA from Assumption College and
an MBA from Fairleigh Dickinson University.
Mr.William
J. ONeill,Jr. has been a director of CardioTech since May2004.
Mr.ONeill is currently the Dean of the Frank Sawyer School of Management
at Suffolk University in Boston, Massachusetts. Prior to this appointment, Mr.ONeill
spent thirty years 1969-1999 with the Polaroid Corporation, where he
held the positions of Executive Vice President of the Corporation, President of
Corporate Business Development, and Chief Financial Officer. He was also Senior
Financial Analyst at Ford Motor Company. Mr.ONeill was a Trustee at the
Dana Farber Cancer Institute, and is currently a member of the Massachusetts
Bar Association, a member of the Board of Directors of the Greater Boston
Chamber of Commerce, and serves on the Board of Directors of Concord Camera. He
earned a BA at Boston College in mathematics, a MBA in finance from Wayne State
University, and a JD from Suffolk University Law School.
Committees;
Attendance
Meeting Attendance. During the fiscal year
ended March31, 2006, there were 5 meetings of the Board. The various
committees of the Board also met a total of 7 times during fiscal 2006. Each
director attended in excess of 75% of the total number of meetings of the Board
and of committees of the Board on which he served during fiscal 2006. In
addition, from time to time, the members of the Board and its committees acted
by unanimous written consent pursuant to Massachusetts law.
Audit Committee
The
Board has designated from among its members an Audit Committee, which consisted
of Messrs.ONeill Chairman and Barretti and Dr.Armini.
Messrs.ONeill and Barretti and Dr.Armini are independent members.
Mr.ONeill meets the requirements to qualify as a financial expert. The
Audit Committee has the responsibility to ascertain that the Companys
financial statements reflect fairly the financial condition and operating
results of the Company and to appraise the soundness, adequacy and application
of accounting and operating controls. The Audit Committee recommends the
independent auditors to the Board, reviews the scope of the audit functions of
the independent auditors and reviews the audit reports. The Audit Committee
held a meeting each quarter during fiscal 2006. The responsibilities of the
Audit Committee are outlined in a written charter, which was included as Annex
A of the Proxy Statement for the 2004 shareholder meeting.
Compensation
Committee
The
Compensation Committee, which met 2 times during fiscal 2006, had three
members, Messrs.Barretti, Dorsey and Adams Chairman. In April2006,
Mr.Adams joined the Company as Vice President of Regulatory Affairs and
Business Development, continued as a Director and resigned from the
Compensation Committee. At that time, the Compensation Committee became Mr.Barretti
Chairman, Mr.Dorsey and Dr.Armini. The Compensation Committee
reviews, approves and makes recommendations on the Companys compensation policies,
practices and procedures to ensure that legal and fiduciary responsibilities of
the Board are carried out and that such policies, practices and procedures
contribute to the success of the Company. The Compensation Committee
administers the 1996 Plan and the 2003 Plan. In June2006, the
Compensation Committee approved a written charter, which is included as Exhibit991
of this Annual Report on Form10-K. 35  Nominating
Committee
The
Nominating Committee, which was established in March1998 and had one
meeting in fiscal 2006, has three members, Messrs.Dorsey Chairman
Barretti and Adams. At the time of April2006 hire, Mr.Adams
continued as a Director and resigned from the Nominating Committee. The
Nominating Committee nominates individuals to serve on the Board. The
Nominating Committee considers nominees recommended by Stockholders.
Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation
Other than Mr.Adams, no person serving on the
Compensation Committee at any time during fiscal 2006 was a present or former
officer or employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries. During fiscal
2006, other than Dr.Szycher, no executive officer of the Company served
as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee or other board committee
performing equivalent functions of another entity. During fiscal2006,
Dr.Szycher served on the board of directors of Implant Sciences
Corporation, one of whose executive officers served on the Companys Board or
Compensation Committee.
Directors Compensation
CardioTechs
policy is to pay $750 per meeting compensation to non-employee members of the
Board for attendance at Board meetings, and $1,500 per meeting to Committee
Chairmen. The chairman of the Audit Committee will also receive $1,500 for each
special meeting with CardioTechs Principal Accountants. All non-employee
directors are reimbursed for travel and other related expenses incurred in
attending meetings of the Board. Effective January1, 2006, the
compensation policy changed. Each of the Companys independent directors receives an annual fee of $12,000 pro-rated
and payable quarterly at the beginning of each quarter. The Chairman of the
Audit Committee earns an additional annual fee of $5,000, pro-rated and payable
quarterly at the beginning of each quarter. Each independent director receives
$1,000 for each special meeting and $750 for each meeting of a Board committee.
Directors
are eligible to participate in the 1996 and 2003 Plans. In fiscal 2004,
CardioTech granted each Director an option to purchase 10,000 shares of the
Companys Common Stock and additional 2,500 shares to chairmen of committees. In
fiscal 2005, CardioTech granted the chairman of the Audit Committee an option
to purchase 50,000 shares and granted each director an option to purchase
30,000 shares. In fiscal 2005, one board member elected to receive stock
options to purchase 5,000 shares for each Board meeting attended in fiscal 2005
in lieu of cash compensation. In fiscal 2006, one board member elected to
receive stock options to purchase 16,459 shares in lieu of cash compensation.
The
Company has adopted a code of ethics that applies to its chief executive
officer, chief financial officer, and vice president of finance. The code of
ethics is posted on the Companys website, the address of which is
www.cardiotech-inc.com. The Company intends to include on its website any
amendments to, or waivers from, a provision of its code of ethics that applies
to the Companys chief executive officer, chief financial officer, or vice president
of finance that relates to any element of the code of ethics definition
enumerated in Item 406 of Regulation S-K.
Section16aBeneficial
Ownership Reporting Compliance
Section16aof
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires our executive officers, directors
and persons who beneficially own more than 10% of a registered class of our
securities to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Based
solely on a review of copies of such forms submitted to CardioTech, we believe
that all persons subject to the reporting requirements of Section16afiled
such reports on a timely basis in fiscal 2006, except as follows. During fiscal
2006, Mr.Dorsey received 8 option grants to purchase shares of the
Company and was late in filing all Forms 4 for these option grants.
