Item 8.Financial Statements  Our financial statements at December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002, and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2004 are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K on pages F-1 through F-22.
The following tables present unaudited quarterly financial
information, for the eight quarters ended December 31, 2004. We believe this information reflects all adjustments consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, except as noted in the footnotes below that we consider necessary for a fair
presentation of such information in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of results for any future period. in thousands, except per share data:  1stQuarter 2ndQuarter 3rdQuarter 4thQuarter 2004 Net revenues 1,989 2,104 1,814 1,934 Gross margin 1,342 908 288 363 Income loss from operations 5,744 5,775
1 3,642
2 5,319
3
Net Income loss 5,706 5,730 3,583 5,262 Basic net income loss per share 7 099 088 051 074 Diluted net income loss per share 7 099 088 051 074 2003 Net revenues 3,571 3,571 3,698 3,132 Gross margin 2,595 2,116 2,489 1,849 Income loss from operations 4,556
4 6,123
5 2,324
6 5,389 Net Income loss 4,540 6,107 2,273 5,350 Basic net income loss per share 7 082 109 040 093 Diluted net income loss per share 7 082 109 040 093 1
Includes a credit for $03 million, which represents a payment received from a sub-tenant related to the termination of a sub-lease agreement. 2
Includes a credit for $16 million credit of deferred compensation expense. 
20 Table of Contents 3
Includes a credit for a $13 million reduction in restructuring accrual related to the termination of a long-term operating lease. 4
Includes a credit for $07 million related to the recovery of bad debt expense. 5
Includes a $01 million credit related to the recovery of bad debt expense. 6
Includes a $26 million credit related to the recovery of bad debt expense. 7
Basic and diluted net income loss per share computations for each quarter are independent and may not add up to the net income loss per share computation for the respective
year. Net income loss per share data for all periods presented has been adjusted to reflect the two-for-one stock dividend that was effective December 10, 1999 and a 1 for 10 reverse stock split that was effective July 17, 2002. See Note 1 of
Notes to Financial Statements for an explanation of the determination of basic and diluted net income loss per share  
Item 1. Business
1
Item 2. Properties
9
Item 3. Legal Proceedings
10
Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
10 Part II Item 5.Controls and Procedures  Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures.Management has established disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that material information relating to the company and its
consolidated subsidiaries is made known to the officers who certify the companys financial reports and to other members of senior management and the Board of Directors. In designing and evaluating these controls and procedures, management
recognizes that any system of controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired objectives and necessarily applies judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship
of other possible controls and procedures.  Based on their
evaluation as of December 31, 2004, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer of the company have concluded that the companys disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15e and 15d-15e under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are effective, at the reasonable assurance level, to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by the company in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by SEC rules and forms.  Managements Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting.Company management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15f. Under the supervision and with the participation of company management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the company conducted an evaluation of the
effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on the companys
evaluation under the framework in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework, management concluded that the companys internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2004. Managements assessment of the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2004 has been audited by Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report, which is included herein.  Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm.
21 Table of Contents
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Copper Mountain Networks, Inc:  We have audited managements assessment, included in the accompanying Managements Report of Internal Control over Financial Reporting, that
Copper Mountain Networks, Inc. the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2004, based on criteria established in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The Companys management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over
financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on managements assessment and an opinion on the effectiveness of the Companys internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.  We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our
audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, evaluating managements assessment, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control, and performing such other procedures
as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinions.  A companys internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the companys principal executive
and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the companys board of directors, management, and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A companys internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that 1 pertain to the
maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 2 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 3 provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the companys assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.  Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over financial
reporting, including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness
of the internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
In our opinion, managements assessment that the Company
maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2004, is fairly stated, in all material respects, based on the criteria established in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2004, based on the criteria established in Internal
ControlIntegrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.  We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the financial statements and
financial statement schedule as of and for the year ended December 31, 2004 of the Company and our report dated March 11, 2005 expressed an unqualified opinion on those 
22 Table of Contents
financial statements and financial statement schedule and included an explanatory paragraph relating to the Companys ability to continue as a going
concern.  DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP  San Diego, California March 11, 2005  Changes in
internal controls.There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2004 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our
internal control over financial reporting.  
Item 1. Business
1
Item 2. Properties
9
Item 3. Legal Proceedings
10
Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
10 Part II Item 5.Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant  The following table sets forth information about our directors and executive officers and their ages as of February 28, 2005:  Name
Age
Position
Richard S. Gilbert
52
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors
Tench Coxe
47
Director
Roger L. Evans
59
Director
Joseph D. Markee
52
Director
Raymond V. Thomas
62
Director
Joseph R. Zell
45
Director
Michael O. Staiger
40
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary
Richard S.
Gilbert has served as Chief Executive Officer of Copper Mountain since April 1998, as a director of Copper Mountain since August 1998 and as Chairman of the Board of Directors since February 2001. From July 1992 to April 1998, he worked for ADC
Telecommunications Inc., most recently as Senior Vice President and, concurrently, as President and General Manager of its subsidiary, ADC Kentrox, a provider of high-speed access equipment for global networks. Mr. Gilbert holds an MS in Computer
Science from Stanford University and a BA in Mathematics from the University of California at Berkeley.  Tench Coxe has served as a director of Copper Mountain since March 1996. Mr. Coxe joined Sutter Hill Ventures, a venture capital firm, in October
1987 and is currently a Managing Director of the General Partner of Sutter Hill Ventures. Mr. Coxe currently serves as a director of eLoyalty Corporation and NVIDIA Corporation and several privately-held companies. Mr. Coxe holds an MBA from Harvard
University and a BA in Economics from Dartmouth College.  Roger L. Evans has served as a director of Copper Mountain since March 1996. Mr. Evans joined Greylock Partners, a venture capital firm, in 1989 and has served as a General Partner of the firm since 1991. Mr. Evans is a director of
RightNow Technologies and several privately-held companies. Mr. Evans holds an MA in Economics from Kings College, Cambridge.  Joseph D. Markee is currently the Chief Executive Officer and President of Figure 8 Wireless, Inc., a low data rate wireless software Company. Mr.
Markee currently serves as a director of Dot Hill Systems and Metalink, LTD. Mr. Markee co-founded Copper Mountain in March 1996 and served as Chairman of the Board of Directors from inception to February 2001 and as General Manager, Public Networks
Business Unit from March 2000 to March 2001. From Copper Mountains inception in March 1996 to April 1998, he served as its President and Chief Executive Officer. From inception to February 1999, he served as Secretary and from December 1998 to
March 2001 he served as Chief Technical Officer of Copper Mountain. In June 1987, he co-founded Primary Access, a remote access server company acquired by 3Com Corporation. From June 1987 to January 1996, he served as Vice President of Operations
and Vice President of Support of 3Com Primary Access. Mr. Markee holds a BS in Electrical Engineering from the University of California at Davis.  Raymond V. Thomas has served as a director of Copper Mountain since March 1999. From February 1995 to January 2000, Mr. Thomas served as Vice
President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer of HNC Software Inc., a software company, and as secretary of HNC Software from May 1995 to January 2000. From May 1993 to February 1995, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer of Golden Systems Inc., a power supply manufacturer, and from September 1994 to February 1995 he also served as Chief Operating Officer of Golden Systems. Mr. Thomas holds a BS degree in industrial management from Purdue University.
Joseph R. Zell has served as a director of Copper
Mountain since July 2001. Mr. Zell is currently a General Partner with Grotech Capital Group, a private equity firm. From April 2000 to April 2001, Mr. Zell served as 
24 Table of Contents
President, CEO and director of Convergent Communications. In April 2001, Convergent Communications filed for bankruptcy. From December 1991 to April 2000,
Mr. Zell held a variety of senior management positions with US WEST Communications, the last four years as the president of the data networking division. Prior to US West, Mr. Zell worked in various sales and marketing positions for WilTel, United
Technologies Communications, MCI Communications and Xerox Corporation. Mr. Zell currently serves on the board of directors of several privately-held companies. Mr. Zell holds a BS degree in Marketing from Southwest Missouri State University.
Michael O. Staiger has served as Chief Financial
Officer and Secretary of Copper Mountain since March 2001, and as Executive Vice President since November 2002. From June 1998 to March 2001 he served as Vice President of Business Development of Copper Mountain. From June 1996 to June 1998, he held
positions at Shiva Corporation, a provider of remote access solutions, serving most recently as Vice President of Business Development. From August 1993 until its acquisition by Shiva Corporation in June 1996, he served as a co-founder and Vice
President of Business Development of Airsoft, Inc., a developer of remote access software. Mr. Staiger holds an MBA from the University of Chicago Graduate School of Business and a BA in English from the University of Michigan.  Independence of the Board of Directors  As required under the Nasdaq Stock Market listing standards, a majority of
the members of a listed companys Board of Directors must qualify as independent, as affirmatively determined by such companys Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors consults with our outside counsel to ensure that our
Boards determinations are consistent with all relevant securities and other laws and regulations regarding the definition of independent, including those set forth in pertinent listing standards of the Nasdaq, as in effect from
time to time.  Consistent with these considerations, after
review of all relevant transactions or relationships between each director, or any of his or her family members, and us, our senior management and our independent auditors, our Board affirmatively has determined that all of our directors are
independent directors within the meaning of the applicable Nasdaq listing standards, except for Mr. Gilbert, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 
As required under Nasdaq listing standards, our independent directors will meet in regularly scheduled executive sessions at which only independent
directors are present.  Information regarding the Board of Directors and its
Committees  Our Board has six committees: an Audit
Committee, a Compensation Committee, a Nominating Committee, a Non-Officer Stock Option Committee, a Financing Committee and a Special Litigation Committee. The following table provides membership and meeting information for fiscal 2004 for each of
the Board committees:  Name
Audit
Compensation
Nominating
Non-OfficerStockOption
Financing
SpecialLitigation
Richard S. Gilbert X
X Tench Coxe
X
X
X Roger L. Evans X
X Joseph D. Markee X Raymond V. Thomas
X X X Joseph R. Zell
X X X
X
Total meetings in fiscal year 2004
4
1
0
0
0
0
Total actions by written consent infiscal year 2004
1
5
1
8
0
0
25 Table of Contents
Below is a description of each committee of our Board of Directors. Each of the committees has authority
to engage legal counsel or other experts or consultants, as it deems appropriate to carry out its responsibilities. Our Board of Directors has determined that each member of the Audit, Compensation and Nominating Committees meets the applicable
rules and regulations regarding independence and that each member is free of any relationship that would interfere with his or her individual exercise of independent judgment with regard to us.  Audit Committee  The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors oversees our corporate accounting and financial reporting process. For this
purpose, the Audit Committee performs several functions. The Audit Committee evaluates the performance of and assesses the qualifications of the independent auditors; determines and approves the engagement of the independent auditors; determines
whether to retain or terminate the existing independent auditors or to appoint and engage new independent auditors; reviews and approves the retention of the independent auditors to perform any proposed permissible non-audit services; monitors the
rotation of partners of the independent auditors on our audit engagement team as required by law; confers with management and the independent auditors regarding the effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting; establishes procedures,
as required under applicable law, for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters and the confidential and anonymous submission by employees of concerns
regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters; reviews the financial statements to be included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K; and discusses with management and the independent auditors the results of the annual audit and the results of
our quarterly financial statements. Three directors comprise the Audit Committee: Messrs. Coxe, Thomas, and Zell. The Audit Committee met four times and acted by unanimous written consent one time during the 2004 fiscal year.  Our Board of Directors annually reviews the Nasdaq listing standards
definition of independence for Audit Committee members and has determined that all members of our Audit Committee are independent as independence is currently defined in Rule 4350d2Ai and ii of the Nasdaq listing standards. Our Board of
Directors has determined that Mr. Thomas qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as defined in applicable SEC rules. Our Board made a qualitative assessment of Mr. Thomass level of knowledge and experience based on a
number of factors, including his formal education and experience as a chief financial officer for public reporting companies.  Stockholder Nominations of Directors  There have been no changes in the procedures by which our stockholders may recommend nominees to our board of directors since we described those
procedures in our Proxy Statement relating to our 2004 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.  Code of Business Conduct and Ethics  We have
adopted the Copper Mountain Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all officers, directors and employees. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available on our website at www.coppermountain.com. If we make any substantive
amendments to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics or grant any waiver from a provision of the Code to any executive officer or director, we will promptly disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver on our website.  Section 16a Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance  Section 16a of the 1934 Act requires our directors and executive officers,
and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of our equity securities, to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our common stock and our other equity securities. Officers, directors
and greater than ten percent stockholders are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16a forms they file. 
26 Table of Contents
To our knowledge, based solely on a review of the copies of such reports furnished to us and written
representations that no other reports were required, during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2004, all Section 16a filing requirements applicable to our officers, directors and greater than ten percent beneficial owners were complied with.
