Item 8, Note 19, Segment Data.
Item
1A.
Risk
Factors
This
report and risk factors below contain forward-looking statements as discussed on
page 4. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these
forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the risks
and uncertainties described below and elsewhere in this report. These risks and
uncertainties are not the only ones we may face. Additional risks and
uncertainties of which we are not aware, or that we currently deem immaterial,
may also become important factors that affect our financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows. The following discussion of risk factors should be
read in conjunction with Part II, Item 7, Managements Discussion and Analysis
of Results of Operation and Financial Condition and the consolidated financial
statements and related notes in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Risks
Relating to our Financial Position
The
global recession and credit crisis has adversely affected our financial position
and results of operations; we cannot predict if or when economic conditions in
the countries in which we operate will recover, and a failure to recover
promptly will continue to adversely affect our results of
operations.
The
results of our operations rely heavily on advertising revenue, and demand for
advertising is affected by prevailing general and regional economic conditions.
The economic uncertainty affecting the global financial markets and banking
system in 2009 has had an adverse impact on economic growth in our operating
countries across Central and Eastern Europe, many of which are in recession.
There has been a widespread withdrawal of investment funding from the Central
and Eastern European markets and companies with investments in them,
particularly in Ukraine, Bulgaria and Romania. Furthermore, the economic
downturn has adversely affected consumer and business spending, access to
credit, liquidity, investments, asset values and employment rates. These adverse
economic conditions have had a material negative impact on the advertising
industries in our markets, leading our customers to reduce the amounts they
spend on advertising. This has resulted in a decrease in demand for advertising
airtime and a severe, negative impact on our financial position, results of
operations and cash flows. While there are some indications that the decline in
economic growth rates in our operating countries has reached the bottom, we
cannot predict when a recovery will occur, or the sustainability of such
recovery, in our markets. The absence of a recovery or a weak recovery will
continue to adversely affect our financial position, results of operations and
cash flows.
Page
27
Table of Contents
Our
operating results will be adversely affected if we cannot generate strong
advertising sales.
We
generate almost all of our revenues from the sale of advertising airtime on our
television channels. In addition to general economic conditions, other factors
that may affect our advertising sales are the pricing of our advertising time as
well as audience ratings, changes in our programming strategy, changes in
audience preferences, our channels technical reach, technological developments
relating to media and broadcasting, competition from other broadcasters and
operators of other media platforms, seasonal trends in the advertising market,
increased competition for the leisure time of audiences and shifts in population
and other demographics. In addition, the occurrence of disasters, acts of
terrorism, civil or military conflicts or general political instability may
create further economic uncertainty that reduces advertising spending. A
reduction in advertising spending in our markets has had a negative effect on
the prices at which we sell television advertising because of pressure to reduce
prices from advertisers and discounting by competitors, particularly in Ukraine.
Reduced advertising spending, discounting of the price of television advertising
in our markets and competition from broadcasters seeking to attract similar
audiences have had and may continue to have an adverse impact on our ability to
maintain our advertising sales. Our ability to maintain audience ratings and to
generate gross rating points, our main unit of sales, depends in part on our
maintaining investments in television programming and productions at a
sufficient level to continue to attract these audiences. Significant or
sustained reductions in investments in programming, production or other
operating costs in response to reduced advertising spending in our markets have
had and may continue to have an adverse impact on our television viewing levels.
The significant decline in advertising sales has had and could continue to have
a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and
cash flows.
Our
debt service obligations relating to our Senior Notes, Convertible Notes and the
Erste Facility each as defined below may restrict our ability to fund our
operations.
We
currently have significant debt service obligations under our 11625% Senior
Notes due 2016 the 2009 Fixed Rate Notes, our Floating Rate Senior Notes due
2014 the Floating Rate Notes and together with the 2009 Fixed Rate Notes, the
Senior Notes and our 350% Senior Convertible Notes due 2013 the
Convertible Notes. In addition, CME and certain of our wholly-owned
subsidiaries serve as guarantors under the up to CZK 30 billion approximately
US$ 1633 million facility agreement among our wholly-owned subsidiary CET 21,
Erste Group Bank A.G. as arranger, Ceska Sporitelna, a.s. as facility agent and
security agent and certain other financial institutions the Erste Facility.
As a result of these obligations we are restricted in the manner in which our
business is conducted, including but not limited to our ability to obtain
additional financing to fund future working capital, capital expenditures,
business opportunities and other corporate requirements see Part II, Item 8,
Note 6, Senior Debt and Note 11, Credit Facilities and Obligations under
Capital Leases.In addition, the covenants contained in the
indentures governing the Senior Notes and the Erste Facility restrict the manner
and extent to which we can provide financial support to our Unrestricted
Subsidiaries see Part II, Item 8, Note 23, Restricted and Unrestricted
Subsidiaries. Furthermore, we may have a proportionally higher level of debt
than our competitors, which can put us at a competitive disadvantage. Servicing
our high level of debt may limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting
to, changes in our business, economic conditions and our
industry.
Page
28
Table of Contents
We
may require additional external sources of capital for future debt service and
other obligations, which may not be available or may not be available on
acceptable terms.
Our
ability to meet our future capital requirements, including the acquisition of
the bTV group, is based on our expected cash resources, including our debt
facilities, as well as estimates of future operating results. These factors are
derived from a variety of assumptions, such as those regarding general economic,
competitive and regulatory conditions, which may prove to be inaccurate. If
economic conditions in our markets do not improve, if our assumptions regarding
future operating results prove to be inaccurate, if our costs increase due to
competitive pressures or other unanticipated developments, if the sale of our
Ukrainian operations does not successfully complete see Part II, Item 8, Note
24, Subsequent Events or if our investment plans change, we may need to
obtain additional financing to fund our operations or acquisitions, and to repay
or refinance the Senior Notes, the Convertible Notes and the Erste Facility.
Furthermore, our cash flow from operations is not sufficient to cover operating
expenses and interest payments, and if our cash flow together with other capital
resources, including proceeds received from offerings of debt or equity and the
disposition of assets, were to prove insufficient to fund our debt service
obligations as they became due, we would face substantial liquidity
problems.The tightness of the credit markets and the impact of a
slow economic recovery on our operations may constrain our ability to obtain
financing, whether through public or private debt or equity offerings, proceeds
from the sale of assets or other financing arrangements. It is not possible to
ensure that additional debt financings will be available within the limitations
on the incurrence of additional indebtedness contained in the indenture
governing the 2009 Fixed Rate Notes the 2009 Indenture and the indenture
governing the Floating Rate Notes the 2007 Indenture. Moreover, such
financings, if available at all, may not be available on acceptable terms. Our
inability to obtain financing as it is needed would mean that we may be obliged
to reduce or delay capital or other material expenditures at our channels or
dispose of material assets or businesses. If we cannot obtain adequate capital
or obtain it on acceptable terms, this would have an adverse effect on our
financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
We
may be unable to refinance our existing debt financings or obtain favorable
refinancing terms.
We are
subject to the normal risks associated with debt financings, including the risk
that our cash flow will continue to be insufficient to meet required payments of
interest on debt and the risk that indebtedness will not be able to be renewed,
repaid or refinanced when due, or that the terms of any renewal or refinancing
will not be as favorable as the terms of such indebtedness. This risk is
exacerbated by the current volatility in the capital markets, which has resulted
in tightened lending requirements and in some cases the inability to refinance
indebtedness. If we were unable to refinance indebtedness on acceptable terms or
at all, we might be forced to dispose of assets on disadvantageous terms or
reduce or suspend operations, any of which would materially and adversely affect
our financial condition and results of operations.
A
downgrading of our ratings may adversely affect our ability to raise additional
financing.
Following
a downgrade on November 11, 2009, our Senior Notes and our Convertible Notes are
rated B- and our corporate credit is rated B- with a negative outlook by
SP, and, following a downgrade on August 19, 2009, both our Floating Rate
Notes and our corporate credit are rated as B2 with a negative outlook by
Moodys. These ratings reflect each agencys opinion of our financial strength,
operating performance and ability to meet our debt obligations as they become
due. Credit rating agencies have begun to monitor companies much more closely
and have made liquidity, and the key ratios associated with it, such as gross
leverage ratio, a particular priority. We intend to operate with sufficient
liquidity to maintain our current ratings. However, this is dependent on a
variety of factors, some of which may be beyond our control, such as the
completion of the sale of our Ukraine operations. If we fail to maintain
adequate levels of liquidity we may be downgraded again in the course of 2010
see Part II, item 7, Section VI d Cash Outlook. In the event our debt or
corporate credit ratings are lowered by the ratings agencies, it will be more
difficult for us to raise additional indebtedness and we will have to pay higher
interest rates, which may have an adverse effect on our financial position,
results of operations and cash flows.
Page
29
Table of Contents
If
more of our goodwill, indefinite lived intangible assets and long-lived assets
become impaired we may be required to record additional significant charges to
earnings.
We review
our long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances
indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Goodwill and indefinite
lived intangible assets are required to be tested for impairment at least
annually. Factors that may be considered a change in circumstances indicating
that the carrying value of our goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets or
long-lived assets may not be recoverable include slower growth rate in our
markets, future cash flows and a decline in our stock price and market
capitalization. We recorded impairment charges of US$ 818 million in 2009 in
respect of our Bulgaria operations and US$ 3368million in 2008 in respect
of our Bulgaria and Ukraine operations. While the amount by which the fair value
of our reporting units exceeds their carrying values had recovered beginning in
the second quarter of 2009, these excesses are still at historically low levels.
We performed our annual impairment review in the fourth quarter of 2009, which
did not result in any further impairment charges.We consider all
current information in respect of calculating our impairment charge however, if
there are further indicators of impairment and our long term cash flow forecasts
for our operations deteriorate further, or discountrates increase, we may
be required to recognize additional impairment charges in later
periods.
Fluctuations
in exchange rates may adversely affect our results of operations.
Our
reporting currency is the dollar but our consolidated revenues and costs,
including programming rights expenses and interest on debt, are divided across a
range of currencies. The strengthening of the dollar against these currencies
has had an adverse impact on reported earnings in 2009 compared to the prior
year. In addition, the Senior Notes are denominated in Euros and the Erste
Facility is denominated in Czech korunas. We have not attempted to hedge the
foreign exchange exposure on the principal amount of the Senior Notes or the
Erste Facility. We may continue to experience significant gains and losses on
the translation of our revenues or the Senior Notes and the Erste Facility into
dollars due to movements in exchange rates between the Euro, the currencies of
our local operations and the dollar.
The
failure to successfully complete the sale of our Ukraine operations and the
acquisition of the bTV group would reduce the resources available to our other
operations.
In
January 2010 we entered into a agreement with Igor Kolomoisky, a shareholder and
member of our Board of Directors, and a company controlled by him in which we
agreed to sell our entire interests in our Ukraine operations the Ukraine
Transaction. In connection with entering into the agreement, our previous
agreement with Mr. Kolomoisky relating to his investment in our Ukraine
operations was terminated see Part II, Item 8, Note 22, Related Party
Transactions. In February 2010 we entered into an agreement with News Corp to
acquire the bTV group in Bulgaria see Part II, Item 8, Note 24, Subsequent
Events. Closing of the each of the transactions is subject to the receipt of
regulatory approvals. However, in the event that these transactions do not close
as expected, it would be necessary to continue to fund our channels in Ukraine
or develop a revised operating strategy for Bulgaria. This would reduce the
amounts that would have become available to fund our other operations and other
planned capital expenditures, as well as divert management time from other
sectors of our business see Part II, Item 7, Section VI d Cash
Outlook.
A
default on our obligations under the Senior Notes, the Convertible Notes or the
Erste Facility could result in our inability to continue to conduct our
business.
Pursuant
to the terms of the 2007 Indenture, 2009 Indenture andthe indenture
governing the Convertible Notes the 2008 Indenture, we have pledged shares
in our two principal subsidiary holding companies, which own substantially all
of our interests in our operating companies, including the TV Nova Czech
Republic group, Pro TV, Markiza and Pro Plus. As security for the Erste
Facility, CET 21 has pledged substantially all of its assets and trade
receivables and has pledged its ownership interests in its material holding and
operating subsidiaries. If we were to default under the terms of any of the 2007
Indenture, the 2008 Indenture, the 2009 Indenture or the Erste Facility, the
trustees under the 2007 Indenture, the 2008 Indenture and the 2009 Indenture and
the security agent under the Erste Facility would have the ability to sell all
or a portion of the assets pledged to it in order to pay amounts outstanding
under such debt instruments.
Page
30
Table of Contents
Risks
Relating to our Operations
Our
operating results are dependent on the importance of television as an
advertising medium.
We
generate almost all of our revenues from the sale of advertising airtime on
television channels in our markets. Television competes with various other
media, such as print, radio, the internet and outdoor advertising, for
advertising spending. In all of the countries in which we operate, television
constitutes the single largest component of all advertising spending. There can
be no assurances that the television advertising market will maintain its
current position among advertising media in our markets. Furthermore, there can
be no assurances that changes in the regulatory environment or improvements in
technology will not favor other advertising media or other television
broadcasters. Increases in competition among advertising media arising from the
development of new forms of advertising media and distribution could result in a
decline in the appeal of television as an advertising medium generally or of our
channels specifically. A decline in television advertising spending in any
period or in specific markets would have an adverse effect on our financial
position, results of operations and cash flows.
We may seek to make acquisitions of
other channels, networks, content providers or other companies in the future,
and we may fail to acquire them on acceptable terms or successfully integrate
them or we may fail to identify suitable targets.
Our
business and operations have grown in part through acquisition, including the
acquisition of Media Pro Entertainment in December 2009 see Part II, Item 8,
Note 3, Acquistions and Disposals. In addition, in February 2010 we entered
into an agreement to acquire the bTV group in Bulgaria see Part II, Item 8,
Note 24, Subsequent Events. We continue to explore acquisition opportunities,
however, prospective competitors may have greater financial resources than we
do, and increased competition for target broadcasters may reduce the number of
potential acquisitions that are available on acceptable terms.
As we
succeed in acquiring new businesses, their integration into our existing
operations pose significant risks, including:
additional demands placed on our senior management, who are also responsible for
managing our existing operations;
increased overall operating complexity of our business, requiring greater
personnel and other resources;
difficulties of expanding beyond our core expertise in the event that we acquire
ancillary businesses;
significant initial cash expenditures to acquire and integrate new businesses;
and
in the
event that debt is incurred to finance acquisitions, additional debt service
costs related thereto as well as limitations that may arise under to the
indentures governing our Senior Notes.
To manage
our growth effectively and achieve pre-acquisition performance objectives, we
will need to integrate Media Pro Entertainment and the bTV group, as well as any
other new acquisitions into our existing businesses, implement financial and
management controls and produce required financial statements in those
operations. The integration of new businesses may also be difficult due to
differing cultures, languages or management styles, poor internal controls and
an inability to establish control over cash flows. If any acquisition and
integration is not implemented successfully, our ability to manage our growth
will be impaired and we may have to make significant additional expenditures to
address these issues, which could harm our financial position, results of
operations and cash flows. Furthermore, even if we are successful in integrating
new businesses, expected synergies and cost savings may not materialize,
resulting in lower than expected cash flows and profit margins.
Page
31
Table of Contents
Our
programming content may become more expensive to produce or acquire or we may
not be able to develop or acquire content that is attractive to our
audiences.
Television
programming is one of the most significant components of our operating
costs.The ability of programming to generate advertising revenues
depends substantially on our ability to develop, produce or acquire programming
that matches audience tastes and attracts high audience shares, which is
difficult to predict. The commercial success of a program depends on several
tangible and intangible factors, including the impact of competing programs, the
availability of alternate forms of entertainment and leisure time activities and
general economic conditions. Furthermore, the costs of acquiring content
attractive to our viewers, such as feature films and popular television series
and formats, may increase as a result of greater competition from existing and
new television broadcasting channels. Our expenditure in respect of locally
produced programming may also increase due to the implementation of new laws and
regulations mandating the broadcast of a greater number of locally produced
programs, changes in audience tastes in our markets in favor of locally produced
content, and competition for talent.In addition, we typically
acquire syndicated programming rights under multi-year commitments before we can
predict whether such programming will perform well in our markets.In
the event any such programming does not attract adequate audience share, it may
be necessary to increase our expenditures by investing in additional programming
as well as to write down the value of such underperforming
programming.Any increase in programming costs or write-downs could
have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows.
The
transition to digital broadcasting may require substantial additional
investments and the timing of such investments is uncertain.
Countries
in which we have operations are migrating from analog terrestrial broadcasting
to digital terrestrial broadcasting.Each country has independent
plans with its own timeframe and regulatory and investment
regime.The specific timing and approach to implementing such plans
is subject to change. We cannot predict the effect of the migration on our
existing operations or predict the likelihood of our receiving any additional
rights or licenses to broadcast for our existing channels or any additional
channels if such additional rights or licenses should be required under any
relevant regulatory regime.Furthermore, we may be required to make
substantial additional capital investment and commit substantial other resources
to implement digital terrestrial broadcasting, and the availability of competing
alternative distribution systems, such as direct-to-home platforms, may require
us to acquire additional distribution and content rights. We may not have access
to resources sufficient to make such investments when required.
Our
business is vulnerable to significant changes in technology that could adversely
affect us.
The
television broadcasting industry is affected by rapid innovations in
technology.The implementation of new technologies and the
introduction of broadcasting distribution systems other than analog terrestrial
broadcasting, such as digital terrestrial broadcasting, direct-to-home cable and
satellite distribution systems, the internet, video-on-demand, user-generated
content sites and the availability of television programming on portable digital
devices, have changed consumer behavior by increasing the number of
entertainment choices available to audiences. This has fragmented television
audiences in more developed markets and could adversely affect our ability to
retain audience share and attract advertisers as such technologies penetrate our
markets. New technologies that enable viewers to choose when and what content to
watch, as well as to fast-forward or skip advertisements, may cause changes in
consumer behavior that could impact our business. In addition, compression
techniques and other technological developments allow for an increase in the
number of channels that may be broadcast in our markets and expanded programming
offerings that may be offered to highly targeted
audiences.Reductions in the cost of launching additional channels
could lower entry barriers for new channels and encourage the development of
increasingly targeted niche programming on various distribution
platforms.Our television broadcasting operationsmay be
required to expend substantial financial and managerial resources on the
implementation of new broadcasting technologies or distribution
systems.In addition, an expansion in competition due to
technological innovation may increase competition for audiences and advertising
revenue as well as the competitive demand for programming.Any
requirement for substantial further investment to address competition that
arises on account of technological innovations in broadcasting may have an
adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash
flows.
Page
32
Table of Contents
We
may not be aware of all related party transactions, which may involve risks of
conflicts of interest that result in concluding transactions on less favorable
terms than could be obtained in arms-length transactions.
In
certain of our markets, Adrian Sarbu, our President and Chief Executive Officer
and member of our Board of Directors who is a shareholder in CME and in our
Romania operations, general directors or other members of the management of our
operating companies have other business interests in their respective countries,
including interests in television and other media related companies. For
example, following the completion of acquisition of Media Pro Entertainment, Mr.
Sarbu continues to own or control entities involved in print media, internet
services and news syndication services, among others. We may not be aware of all
business interests or relationships that exist with respect to entities with
which our operating companies enter into transactions. Transactions with
companies, whether or not we are aware of any business relationship between our
employees and third parties, may present conflicts of interest which may in turn
result in the conclusion of transactions on terms that are not arms-length. It
is likely that our subsidiaries will continue to enter into related party
transactions in the future. In the event there are transactions with persons who
subsequently are determined to be related parties, we may be required to make
additional disclosure and, if such contracts are material, may not be in
compliance with certain covenants under the indentures governing the Senior
Notes. Any related party transaction that is entered into on terms that are not
arms-length may result in a negative impact on our financial position, results
of operations and cash flows.
We
may not be able to prevent the management of our operating companies from
entering into transactions that are outside their authority and not in the best
interests of shareholders.
The
general directors of our operating companies have significant management
authority on a local level, subject to the overall supervision by the
corresponding company board of directors and the Operating Committee. In
addition, we typically grant authority to other members of management through
delegated authorities. Internal controls may not be able to prevent an employee
from acting outside his authority. There is therefore a risk that employees with
delegated authorities may act outside their authority and that our operating
companies will enter into transactions that are not duly authorized.
Unauthorized transactions may not be in the best interests of our shareholders
and may create the risk of fraud or the breach of applicable law, which may
result in transactions or sanctions that mayhave an adverse impact
on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
Our
broadcasting licenses may not be renewed and may be subject to
revocation.
We
require broadcasting and, in some cases, other operating licenses as well as
other authorizations from national regulatory authorities in our markets, in
order to conduct our broadcasting business. Our analog broadcasting licenses
expire at various times between March 2010 and January 2025. The analog license
for NOVA TV Croatia expires in March 2010 and the Croatia Media Council is
holding a public tender for its renewal. While we expect that the NOVA TV
Croatia license, as well as our other material licenses and authorizations,
will be renewed or extended as required to continue to operate our business, we
cannot guarantee that this will occur or that they will not be subject to
revocation, particularly in markets where there is relatively greater political
risk as a result of less developed political and legal institutions. The failure
to comply in all material respects with the terms of broadcasting licenses or
other authorizations or with applications filed in respect thereto may result in
such licenses or other authorizations not being renewed or otherwise being
terminated. Furthermore, no assurances can be given that renewals or extensions
of existing licenses will be issued on the same terms as existing licenses or
that further restrictions or conditions will not be imposed in the future. Any
non-renewal or termination of any other broadcasting or operating licenses or
other authorizations or material modification of the terms of any renewed
licenses may have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results
of operations and cash flows.
Page
33
Table of Contents
Our
operations are in developing markets where there is a risk of economic
uncertainty, biased treatment and loss of business.
Our
revenue generating operations are located in Central and Eastern Europe. These
markets pose different risks to those posed by investments in more developed
markets and the impact in our markets of unforeseen circumstances on economic,
political or social life is greater. The economic and political systems, legal
and tax regimes, standards of corporate governance and business practices of
countries in this region continue to develop. Government policies may be subject
to significant adjustments, especially in the event of a change in leadership.
This may result in social or political instability or disruptions, potential
political influence on the media, inconsistent application of tax and legal
regulations, arbitrary treatment before judicial or other regulatory authorities
and other general business risks, any of which could have a material adverse
effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Other
potential risks inherent in markets with evolving economic and political
environments include exchange controls, higher tariffs and other levies as well
as longer payment cycles. The relative level of development of our markets and
the influence of local political parties also present a potential for biased
treatment of CME before regulators or courts in the event of disputes involving
our investments. If such a dispute occurs, those regulators or courts might
favor local interestsover our interests. Ultimately, this could lead to
the loss of our business operations. The loss of a material business would have
an adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations and cash
flows.
Our
success depends on attracting and retaining key personnel.
Our
success depends partly upon the efforts and abilities of our key personnel and
our ability to attract and retain key personnel. Our management teams have
significant experience in the media industry and have made an important
contribution to our growth and success. Although we have been successful in
attracting and retaining such people in the past, competition for highly skilled
individuals is intense. There can be no assurance that we will continue to be
successful in attracting and retaining such individuals in the future. The loss
of the services of any of these individuals could have an adverse effect on our
business, results of operations and cash flows.
Risks
Relating to Enforcement Rights
We
are a Bermuda company and enforcement of civil liabilities and judgments may be
difficult.
Central
European Media Enterprises Ltd. is a Bermuda company; substantially all of our
assets and all of our operations are located, and all of our revenues are
derived, outside the United States.In addition, several of our
directors and officers are non-residents of the United States, and all or a
substantial portion of the assets of such persons are or may be located outside
the United States.As a result, investors may be unable to affect
service of process within the United States upon such persons, or to enforce
against them judgments obtained in the United States courts, including judgments
predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the United States federal and
state securities laws.There is uncertainty as to whether the courts
of Bermuda and the countries in which we operate would enforce i judgments of
United States courts obtained against us or such persons predicated upon the
civil liability provisions of the United States federal and state securities
laws or ii in original actions brought in such countries, liabilities against
us or such persons predicated upon the United States federal and state
securities laws.
Our
bye-laws restrict shareholders from bringing legal action against our officers
and directors.
Our
bye-laws contain a broad waiver by our shareholders of any claim or right of
action in Bermuda, both individually and on our behalf, against any of our
officers or directors. The waiver applies to any action taken by an officer or
director, or the failure of an officer or director to take any action, in the
performance of his or her duties, except with respect to any matter involving
any fraud or dishonesty on the part of the officer or director. This waiver
limits the right of shareholders to assert claims against our officers and
directors unless the act or failure to act involves fraud or dishonesty.
Page
34
Table of Contents
Risks
Relating to our Common Stock
The
holders of shares of our Class B stock are in a position to decide corporate
actions that require shareholder approval and may have interests that differ
from those of other shareholders
Shares of
our Class B common stock carry ten votes per share and shares of our Class A
common stock carry one vote per share. As of December 31, 2009, Ronald Lauder,
our founder and Chairman of the Board of Directors, owns or has voting control
over approximately 6827% of our outstanding common stock. A portion of this
voting power is attributable to a voting agreement among the Company, Mr.
Lauder, RSL Savannah LLC, a company wholly owned by Mr. Lauder, and Time Warner
Media Holdings B.V., an affilitate of Time Warner Inc. Time Warner, whereby
Mr. Lauder is entitled to vote the 14,500,000 shares of Class A common stock and
4,500,000 shares of Class B common stock owned by Time Warner, as well as any
other CME shares acquired by Time Warner during the term of the voting
agreement.Notwithstanding the foregoing, Time Warner reserves the
right to vote certain shares in any transaction that would result in a change of
control of the Company see Part II, Item 8, Note 14,
Equity.
Because
of this voting power, Mr. Lauder is in a position to control the outcome of
corporate actions requiring shareholder approval, such as the election of
directors or certain transactions, including issuances of common stock of the
Company that may result in a dilution of the holders of shares of Class A common
stock or in a change of control. The interests of Mr. Lauder may not be the same
as those of other shareholders, and such shareholders will be unable to affect
the outcome of such corporate actions for so long as Mr. Lauder retains voting
control.
The
price of our Class A common stock is likely to remain volatile.
The
market price of shares of our Class A common stock may be influenced by many
factors, some of which are beyond our control, including those described above
under Risks Relating to our Operations as well as the following: general
economic and business trends, variations in quarterly operating results, license
renewals, regulatory developments in our operating countries and the EU, the
condition of the media industry in our operating countries, the volume of
trading in shares of our Class A common stock, future issuances of shares of our
Class A common stock and investors and securities analysts perception of us
and other companies that investors or securities analysts deem comparable in the
television broadcasting industry.In addition, stock markets in
general have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often
been unrelated to and disproportionate to the operating performance of
broadcasting companies.These broad market and industry factors may
materially reduce the market price of shares of our Class A common stock,
regardless of our operating performance.
Our
share price may be adversely affected by future issuances and sales of our
shares.
As at
February 24, 2010, we have a total of 19 million options to purchase Class A
common stock outstanding and 01 million options to purchase shares of Class B
common stock outstanding.An affiliate of PPF a.s., from whom we
acquired the TV Nova Czech Republic group, holds 3,500,000 unregistered
shares of Class A common stock that were issued in 2005 and in 2007 we issued
1,275,227 unregistered shares of Class A common stock to Igor Kolomoisky, for
which he has registration rights. Entities controlled by Adrian Sarbu hold
2,200,000 unregistered shares of Class A common stock and warrants to purchase
an additional 850,000 unregistered shares of Class A common stock following the
acquisition of Media Pro Entertainment see Part II, Item 8, Note 3,
Acquistions and Disposals. An affiliate of Apax Partners holds 3,168,575
unrestricted shares of Class A common stock. An affiliate of Time Warner holds
14,500,000 unregistered shares of Class A common stock and 4,500,000
unregistered shares of Class B common stock.Time Warner has
registration rights with respect to the shares of Class A common stock see Part
II, Item 8, Note 14, Equity.
Page
35
Table of Contents
In
addition, the Convertible Notes are convertible into shares of our Class A
common stock and mature on March 15, 2013. Holders of the Convertible Notes have
registration rights with respect to the shares of Class A common stock
underlying the Convertible Notes. Prior to December 15, 2012, the Convertible
Notes will be convertible following certain events and from that date, at any
time through March 15, 2013. From time to time up to and including December 15,
2012, we will have the right to electto deliver i shares of our
Class A common stock or ii cash and, if applicable, shares of our Class A
common stock upon conversion of the Convertible Notes. At present, we have
elected to deliver cash and, if applicable, shares of our Class A common stock.
To mitigate the potentially dilutive effect of a conversion of the Convertible
Notes on our Class A common stock, we have entered into two capped call
transactions with respect to a certain number of shares of our Class A common
stock that are exercisable in the event of a conversion of the Convertible Notes
or at maturity on March 15, 2013.We may receive cash or shares
of our Class A common stock upon the exercise of the calls see Part II, Item 8,
Note 6 Senior Debt.
We cannot
predict what effect, if any, an issuance of shares of our common stock,
including the Class A common stock underlying options or the Convertible Notes
and in connection with future financings, or the entry into trading of
previously issued unregistered or restricted shares of our Class A common stock,
will have on the market price of our shares.If more shares of common
stock are issued, the economic interest of current shareholders may be diluted
and the price of our shares may be adversely affected.
ITEM
1 B.
UNRESOLVED
STAFF COMMENTS
NONE.
Page
36
Table of Contents
ITEM
2.
PROPERTIES
We own
and lease properties in the countries in which we operate.These
facilities are fully utilized for current operations, are in good condition and
are adequately equipped for purposes of conducting broadcasting, content
production or such other operations as we require. We believe that suitable
additional space is available on acceptable terms in the event of an expansion
of our businesses.The table below provides a brief description of
our significant properties.
Location
Property
Use
Hamilton,
Bermuda
Leased
office
Registered
Office, corporate
Amsterdam,
Netherlands
Leased
office
Corporate
Office, corporate
London,
United Kingdom
Leased
office
Administrative
Center, corporate
Sofia,
Bulgaria
Leased
buildings
Office
and studio space, PRO.BG and RING.BG
Zagreb,
Croatia
Owned
and leased buildings
Office
and studio space, NOVA TV Croatia
Prague,
Czech Republic
Owned
and leased buildings
Administrative
Centre, corporate
Office
and studio space, TV NOVA Czech Republic
Bucharest
and other key cities within Romania
Owned
and leased buildings
Office
and studio space, PRO TV and Media Pro Entertainment
Bratislava,
Slovak Republic
Owned
buildings
Office
and studio space, TV MARKIZA
Ljubljana,
Slovenia
Owned
and leased buildings
Office
and studio space, POP TV, KANAL A and TV PIKA
Kiev
and other key cities within Ukraine
Leased
buildings
Office
and studio space, STUDIO 1+1 and
KINO
For
further information on the cash resources that fund these facility-related
costs, see Part II, Item 7, VI, Liquidity and Capital
Resources.
Page
37
Table of Contents
ITEM 3.
LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS
General
We are,
from time to time, a party to litigation or arbitration proceedings arising in
the normal course of our business operations. Other than the claim discussed
below, we are not presently a party to any such litigation or arbitration which
could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on our business
or operations.
Video
International termination
On March
18, 2009, Video International Company Group, CGSC VI, a Russian legal
entity, filed a claim in the London Court of International Arbitration LCIA
against our wholly-owned subsidiary CME Media Enterprises B.V. CME BV, which
was, at the time the claim was filed, the principal holding company of our
Ukrainian subsidiaries. The claim relates to the termination of an agreement
between VI and CME BV dated November 30, 2006 the parent agreement. The
parent agreement was one of four related contracts by which VI subsidiaries,
including LLC Video International-Prioritet Prioritet, supplied advertising
and marketing services to Studio 1+1 in Ukraine and another subsidiary of the
Company. Among these four contracts were the advertising services agreement and
the marketing services agreements both between Prioritet and Studio 1+1. The
parent agreement provides that it automatically terminates upon termination of
the advertising services agreement. On December 24, 2008, each of CME BV, Studio
1+1 and the other CME subsidiary provided notices of termination to their
respective contract counterparties, following which each of the four contracts
terminated on March 24, 2009. On January 9, 2009, in response to a VI demand,
CME revised its termination notice and noted that the parent agreement would
expire of its own accord with the termination of the advertising services
agreement. In connection with these terminations, Studio 1+1 is required under
the advertising and marketing services agreements to pay a termination penalty
equal to i 12% of the average monthly advertising revenues, and ii 6% of the
average monthly sponsorship revenues, in each case for advertising and
sponsorship sold by Prioritet for the six months prior to the termination date,
multiplied by six. We determined the termination penalty to be UAH 377 million
approximately US$ 45 million and made a provision for this amount in our
financial statements in the fourth quarter of 2008. On June 1, 2009, we paid UAH
135 million approximately US$ 16 million to Prioritet and set off UAH 74
million approximately US$ 09 million against amounts owing to Studio 1+1
under the advertising and marketing services agreements. In its arbitration
claim, VI is seeking payment of a separate indemnity under the parent agreement
equal to the aggregate amount of Studio 1+1s advertising revenues for the six
months ended December 31, 2008. The aggregate amount of relief sought is US$
585 million. We believe that VI has no grounds for receiving such separate
indemnity and are vigorously defending the arbitration proceedings. We do not
believe it is probable that we will be required to make any payment and
accordingly have made no provision for it.
ITEM 4.
SUBMISSION
OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY
HOLDERS
None.
Page
38
Table of Contents
PART
II
ITEM
5.
MARKET
FORREGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDERMATTERS AND
ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY
SECURITIES
Shares of
Class A common stock of Central European Media Enterprises Ltd. began trading on
the NASDAQ National Market on October 13, 1994 under the trading symbol
CETV.
On
February 19, 2010, the last reported sales price for shares of Class A common
stock was US$2849.
The
following table sets forth the high and low sales prices for shares of Class A
common ctock for each quarterly period during the last two fiscal
years.
Price
Period
High
US$ / Share
Low
US$ / Share
2009
Fourth
Quarter
3373
2361
Third
Quarter
3808
1744
Second
Quarter
2200
1197
First
Quarter
2273
486
2008
Fourth
Quarter
6647
907
Third
Quarter
8942
6199
Second
Quarter
10699
8634
First
Quarter
11417
7850
At
February 19, 2010, there were 164 holders of record including brokerage firms
and other nominees of shares of Class A common stock and 4 holders of record of
shares of Class B common stock. There is no public market for shares of Class B
common stock. Each share of Class B common stock
has 10
votes.
6,000,000
shares have been authorized for issuance in respect of equity awards under a
stock-based compensation plan see Item 8, Note 17, Stock-Based
Compensation.
DIVIDEND
POLICY
We have
not declared or paid and have no present intention to declare or pay in the
foreseeable future any cash dividends in respect to any class of our shares of
common stock.
PURCHASE
OF OWN STOCK
We did
not purchase any of our own stock in 2009.
Page
39
Table of Contents
PERFORMANCE
GRAPH
The
following performance graph is a line graph comparing the change in the
cumulative shareholder return of the Class A Common Stock against the total
cumulative total return of the Nasdaq Composite Index and the Dow Jones World
Broadcasting Index between December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2009.
Value of
US$ 100 invested at December 31, 2005 as of December 31, 2009:
Central
European Media Enterprises Ltd.
$
4078
NASDAQ
Composite Index
$
9653
Dow
Jones World Broadcasting Index 1
$
10289
1
This index includes 57 companies, many of which are non-U.S. based. Accordingly,
we believe that the inclusion of this index is useful in understanding our stock
performance compared to companies in the television broadcast and cable
industry.
Page
40
Table of Contents
ITEM 6.
SELECTED
FINANCIAL DATA
SELECTED
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA
Our
selected consolidated financial data should be read together with our
consolidated financial statements and related notes included in Item 8,
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form
10-K.
The
following tables set forth the selected consolidated financial data for each of
the years in the five-year period ended December 31, 2009.The
selected consolidated financial data is qualified in its entirety and should be
read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes
thereto set forth in Item 8 and Item 7, Managements Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations.We have derived the
consolidated statements of operationsdata for the years ended
December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 and the consolidated balance sheet data as of
December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008 from the consolidated audited financial
statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.The
consolidated statement of operations data for the years ended December 31, 2006
and 2005 and the balance sheet data as of December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 were
derived from consolidated audited financial statements that are not included in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
For
the Years Ended December 31,
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
US$
000s, except per share data
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS DATA:
Net
revenues
$
713,978
$
1,019,934
$
838,856
$
602,646
$
400,978
Operating
loss / income
83,180
127,797
210,456
142,971
52,196
Net
loss / income from continuing operations
107,545
263,694
110,205
35,794
42,835
Net
loss / income on discontinued operations
262
3,785
4,480
7,217
513
Net
loss / income attributable to CME Ltd.
$
97,157
$
269,546
$
88,618
$
21,626
$
42,322
PER
SHARE DATA:
Net
loss / income per common share from:
Continuing
operations basic
$
178
$
628
$
225
$
072
$
124
Continuing
operations diluted
178
628
223
071
121
Discontinued
operations basic
001
009
011
018
001
Discontinued
operations diluted
001
009
011
018
001
Net
loss / income attributable to CME Ltd.
common shareholders - basic
179
637
214
054
122
Net
loss / income attributable to CME Ltd. common
shareholders - diluted
$
179
$
637
$
212
$
053
$
119
Weighted
average common shares used in computing per share amounts
000s
Basic
54,344
42,328
41,384
40,027
34,664
Diluted
54,344
42,328
41,833
40,600
35,430
Page
41
Table of Contents
CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEET DATA:
Cash
$
458,529
$
107,433
$
142,812
$
145,902
$
71,658
Other
current assets
371,276
387,323
392,280
271,763
215,268
Non-current
assets
2,042,982
1,911,860
1,803,343
1,401,335
1,101,924
Total
assets
$
2,872,787
$
2,406,616
$
2,338,435
$
1,819,000
$
1,388,850
Current
liabilities
349,723
228,673
234,470
184,461
206,961
Non-current
liabilities
1,351,224
1,079,498
681,003
572,584
488,099
CME
Ltd. Shareholders equity
1,177,589
1,095,258
1,399,807
1,035,766
680,553
Noncontrolling
interests
5,749
3,187
23,155
26,189
13,237
Total
liabilities andequity
$
2,872,787
$
2,406,616
$
2,338,435
$
1,819,000
$
1,388,850
Seasonality
We, like
other television operators, experience seasonality, with advertising sales
tending to be lowest during the third quarter of each calendar year, which
includes the summer holiday period typically July and August, and highest
during the fourth quarter of each calendar year.
Page
42
Table of Contents
ITEM
7.
MANAGEMENTS
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS.
The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with the sections entitled
Forward-looking Statements on page 4 and Risk Factors in Part I, Item
1A.
Contents
I.
Executive
Summary
ll.
General
Market Information
Ill.
Analysis
of the Results of Consolidated
Operations
IV.
Analysis
of Segment Results
V.
Condensed
Consolidated Balance Sheet
VI.
Liquidity
and Capital Resources
VIl.
Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates
Vll.
Related
Party Matters
l.
Executive Summary
The
following analysis includes references to Core Markets, which are Croatia, the
Czech Republic, Romania, the Slovak Republic and Slovenia, and to Core
Operations, which means our operations in those countries. We also refer to
Developing Markets, which are Bulgaria and Ukraine, and to Developing
Operations, which means our operations in those countries. On December 9, 2009,
we acquired Media Pro Entertainment. Our Media Pro Entertainment segment results
are reported separately.
The
global financial and economic crisis significantly impacted our results in
2009.The three most significant developments affecting us were the
year-on-year decline in the Gross Domestic Product GDP in each of our
markets, the decline of advertising spending and the significant appreciation of
the dollar against the currencies in our markets in 2009 compared to 2008. We
believe that our markets have reached the bottom of the cycle and we expect
modest recovery to begin in all of our countries towards the end of 2010, with
variation among countries in the timing and pace of the recovery. We currently
assume that the rate of GDP growth between 2009 and 2010 will be in low single
digits across all of our operating countries and that advertising markets will
grow at a multiple of the rate of GDP growth.
Page
43
Table of Contents
Continuing
Operations
The
following table provides a summary of our consolidated results for the years
ended December 31, 2009 and 2008:
For
the Years Ended December 31, US$ 000
2009
2008
Movement
Net
revenues
$
713,978
$
1,019,934
$
305,956
Operating
loss
83,180
127,797
44,617
Net
loss
$
107,807
$
267,479
$
159,672
Net
cash used in / generated from continuing operating
activities
$
31,806
$
135,555
$
167,361
Our
operating loss for the year ended December 31, 2009 is principally due to the
global financial and economic crisis and the recognition of a non-cash
impairment charge of US$ 818 million in respect of our existing operations in
Bulgaria. We recognized a non-cash impairment charge of US$ 3368 million in
respect of our operations in Ukraine and Bulgaria in the year ended December 31,
2008 see Item 8, Note 4, Goodwill and Intangible Assets.
Operating
Performance
Commencing
January 1, 2009, we describe our operating performance in terms of Consolidated
EBITDA, which is equal to the EBITDA for each of our segments less corporate
costs which include non-cash stock-based compensation as shown in Item 8, Note
17, Stock-based Compensation. Prior to January 1, 2009, we described our
operating performance in terms of Segment EBITDA, which reflects our station
operating performance but excludes corporate costs. Comparative numbers reflect
this change EBITDA is defined in Item 8, Note 19, Segment Data.
The
following analysis contains references to like-for-like % Lfl or constant
currency percentage movements. These references reflect the impact of applying
the current period average exchange rates to the prior period revenues and
costs. Given the significant movement of the currencies in the markets in which
we operate against the dollar, we believe that it is useful to provide
percentage movements based on like-for-like or constant currency percentage
movements as well as actual % Act percentage movements which includes the
effect of foreign exchange. Unless otherwise stated, all percentage increases
or decreases in the following analysis refer to year-on-year percentage
changes.
Demand
for advertising fell precipitously in all our markets in 2009. Television
advertising spending in our five Core Markets declined by between 14% and 31% in
constant currency terms.But while the total TV advertising market
declined, we increased our share in all of our Core Markets by 2% to 7%. These
increases in market share did not compensate for the overall decline in the
television advertising market or the relative strength of the dollar.
Consequently, our reported total Core Market dollar revenues in 2009 declined by
27% compared to 2008, of which 8% was attributable to the appreciation of the
dollar against our local currencies.
Our
continued focus on operational efficiency and cost reduction, together with the
decline in the value of our functional currencies against the dollar, have
reduced our costs in dollar terms and diminished the impact of the decline in
dollar revenues on our EBITDA.Nevertheless, EBITDA has declined in
each of our Core Operations as lower revenues have substantially outweighed the
reduction in costs, with the exception of our Croatia operations, which
generated positive EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2009 for the first
time.
Page
44
Table of Contents
As a
result of these market conditions, our Core Operations delivered Net Revenues of
US$ 6756 million in 2009, compared to US$ 9192 million in 2008, a decrease of
27%, and Core Operations EBITDA was US$ 1608 million in 2009, compared to US$
3419 million in 2008, a decrease of 53%. In constant currency terms, we have
seen a decline in Net Revenues in our Core Operations of 18% and a decline in
Consolidated EBITDA of 47%.
Losses in
our Developing Operations have contributed significantly to the decline in
Consolidated EBITDA. In Ukraine, where the local currency television advertising
market fell by an estimated 29% in 2009 compared to 2008, we suffered EBITDA
losses of US$ 405 million, compared to losses of US$ 348 million in 2008. Our
operations in Bulgaria generated EBITDA losses of US$ 448 million in 2009
compared to US$ 102 million in the five months since acquisition in 2008.
Approximately US$ 127 million of these losses was attributable to accelerated
amortization of the cost of acquired programming in accordance with our
accounting policies.
Following
the sale of our interests in our Ukraine operations and the successful
completion of the acquisition of the bTV group, which are both expected to occur
during the first half of 2010, we expect our Developing Operations to generate
positive EBITDA in 2010.
Our Net
Revenues in 2009 were US$ 7140 million, compared to US$ 1,0199 million in
2008, a decrease of 30%. We generated Consolidated EBITDA of US$ 749 million in
2009, compared to US$ 2969 million in 2008, a decrease of 75%. In constant
currency terms, we have seen declines in Net Revenues and Consolidated EBITDA of
23% and 71%, respectively.
Our net
cash used in continuing operations was US$ 318 million in 2009, compared to net
cash generated from continuing operations of US$ 1356 million in
2008.
Key
Events
Financing and
liquidity
On
May 18, 2009, we issued 145 million shares of Class A common stock and
45 million shares of Class B common stock to Time Warner Media Holdings
B.V., an affiliate of Time Warner for an aggregate offering price, net of
fees, of US$ 2344 million.
During
the second quarter, we designated our Bulgaria and Ukraine subsidiaries,
as well as CME Development Financing B.V., the entity that funds those
operations the Development Finance Holding Company, as Unrestricted
Subsidiaries as defined in Item 8, Note 23, Restricted and Unrestricted
Subsidiaries.
During
the third quarter, we issued EUR 4400 million approximately US$ 6339
million 11625% senior notes due 2016 in two tranches the 2009 Fixed
Rate Notes and used the majority of the proceeds to repay existing
debt.
On
December 21, 2009, our wholly owned subsidiary CET 21 entered into a
Facility Agreementfor up to CZK 30 billion approximately US$
1633 million with Erste Group Bank A.G. as arranger, of which CZK 28
billion approximately US$ 1524 million has been committed and drawn as
at February 24, 2010.
Business
Development
On
December 9, 2009, we acquired Media Pro Entertainment from Adrian Sarbu,
our President and Chief Executive Officer and member of our Board of
Directors, for consideration of US$ 100 million in cash, 22 million
shares of Class A common stock and warrants to purchase an additional
850,000 shares of Class A common
stock.
Page
45
Table of Contents
On
January 20, 2010, we entered into an agreement with Igor Kolomoisky to
sell our interests in our Ukraine operations for aggregate cash
consideration of US$ 3000 million plus the reimbursement of cash
operating costs between the signing and closing, estimated to be US$ 190
million.
On
February 18, 2010, we entered into an agreement with News Corporation to
purchase the bTV group for cash consideration of US$ 4000
million.
Management
changes
On July 27, 2009, Adrian Sarbu
was appointed as our President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr Sarbu was
previously our President and Chief Operating Officer from December 2008
and Chief Operating Officer from October
2007.
On July 1, 2009, Wallace
Macmillan resigned as our Chief Financial Officer and has been replaced on
an interim basis by Charles Frank, Jr., formerly a member of our Board of
Directors.
Future
Trends
As a
result of the economic recession in 2009, advertising expenditure declined in
all of our territories at a faster rate than the decline in GDP. We estimate
television advertising spending in our operating territories reset at levels
between 14% and 31% lower than 2008. We believe that our markets have reached
the bottom of the cycle and we expect modest recovery to begin in all of our
countries towards the end of 2010, with variation among countries in the timing
and pace of the recovery.
In light
of current economic conditions, advertisers remain cautious and reluctant to
confirm their commitments beyond the current quarter. We adjusted our sales
policy according to the conditions of each of our markets in order to maximize
our revenues and market share. Notwithstanding this, we continue to incentivize
our clients and support TV advertising spending until our markets
recover.
We took
decisive action to strengthen our operations during 2009. We increased our prime
time audience share and our share of the television advertising market in all
Core Markets whilst reducing costs in order to protect profits and conserve
liquidity. These steps include staff reductions, pay constraints, the deferral
of certain operating expenditures, the deferral or cancellation of capital
expenditures and managing our broadcast schedules to reduce the rate of
programming cost growth. Notwithstanding these cost reductions, our goal
continues to be to maintain the high audience shares and the strength of our
brands and to increase our audience share in the Developing Markets, as we
believe this is essential to the long term value of our operations. We will
continue to maintain sufficient investment in programming to protect these
strengths.
We
currently expect low single-digit GDP growth in 2010 in most or all of our
markets, with variation from country to country in the timing and strength of
recovery. We expect that advertising and television advertising market spending
will outpace GDP growth.We are confident that we will continue to
enjoy a high television advertising market share in our Core Markets and an
increasing share in our Developing Markets. We plan to continue to control our
costs and anticipate that much of the revenue growth will flow immediately to
our bottom line in terms of EBITDA. After 2010, we believe that we will see a
return to higher levels of GDP growth and general advertising and television
advertising spending growth in our markets. We expect growth rates in our
markets will be higher than in Western European or U.S. markets. As a result of
increasing revenues and strict cost control over the medium term, we expect to
return to the high levels of EBITDA growth that we enjoyed in the years before
the current economic crisis hit.
Following
our recent acquisition of Media Pro Entertainment, we have redefined CME from a
broadcaster to a vertically integrated media company with three operating
divisions; Broadcast, New Media and Content Media Pro Entertainment and
expanded our revenue base to five main sources advertising, subscription,
content distribution, internet and management services.
Page
46
Table of Contents
Broadcast
Division
The large
audience shares we enjoy in most of our markets are a reflection of the quality
and dedication of our employees, the well-timed implementation of our
multi-channel strategy and constraints on bandwidth that limited the number of
free-to-air broadcasters in our markets.
As our
markets mature, we anticipate increased competition for audience share and
advertising spending from other terrestrial broadcasters and from cable,
satellite and digital terrestrial broadcasters as the coverage of these
technologies grows. The advent of digital terrestrial broadcasting and the
introduction of alternative distribution platforms for content services
including additional direct-to-home DTH, the internet, internet protocol TV
IPTV, mobile television and video-on-demand services may lead to audience
fragmentation and change the competitive dynamics in our markets in the medium
term. We do not expect significant impact on our advertising share due to our
multi-channel strategy and our integrated business model.
We
believe that our market leadership in our Core Markets and the strength of our
existing brands place us in a strong position to face increased competition by
continuing with our multi-channel strategy and the distribution of our content
on multiple distribution platforms as these new technologies
develop.
New
Media Division
Internet
broadband penetration remains low in most of our markets in comparison to
Western European and U.S. markets. We anticipate broadband penetration and
internet usage will increase significantly over the medium term and will foster
the development of significant new opportunities for generating advertising and
other revenues in new media. We operate a complex internet business in each of
our markets, cross promoted and supported by the large audience of our broadcast
operations and will continue to launch targeted services in order to achieve
leading positions in terms of unique visitors and page impressions, and video
downloads. We intend to continue to develop our new media activities by moving
our content online with multiple distribution video on demand, simulcast with
TV, catch-up and services to attract all types of new media audience in order
to generate multiple revenue streams including video advertising and paid
premium content.
Content
Division Media Pro Entertainment
The
acquisition of Media Pro Entertainment provides us with a unique opportunity to
become a significant player in the content business and beyond. We will
integrate the acquired assets with our existing production assets in each
country to create a dedicated content division with operations in all our
countries, which will also be known as Media Pro Entertainment.
The
creation of the Media Pro Entertainment division reflects the increasing
importance of locally generated content in our markets. As distribution
platforms become more fragmented the importance of controlling high-quality,
popular local content becomes more important in safeguarding market share and
allowing us to diversify our revenue streams. We also believe that sharing our
expertise in production development and management will bring significant
benefits. We will seek to leverage the creative talent across Media Pro
Entertainment to develop high-quality original formats that can be adapted in
multiple countries, to extract more value from our existing library of formats
and to pool the expertise of our production professionals in each
market.
Operating
Media Pro Entertainment across all countries will also enable us to share
production resources, equipment and facilities in the most efficient way
possible in order to lower the unit cost of production at a time when we are
seeing increasing competition for popular content causing high levels of price
inflation.
Page
47
Table of Contents
Media Pro
Entertainment will also generate additional third party revenues through the
sale of production services to independent film-makers and extract additional
value from our own library of produced content through the sale of international
broadcast rights to third parties outside the countries in which we currently
operate. In addition, the distribution and exhibition operations of Media Pro
Entertainment generate revenues from the distribution of rights to film content
to third party clients, from the exhibition of films in its theaters and from
the sale of DVD and Blu Ray discs to wholesale and retail clients.
Financial
Position
We
believe our financial resources are sufficient to meet our current financial
obligations.We expect that our cash balances will be adequate to
fund the purchase of the bTV group.Our recent refinancings of our
debt and the investment by Time Warner have enhanced our financial position. The
anticipated sale of our Ukraine operations to Mr. Kolomoisky will also further
strengthen our liquidity. However, further deterioration in the advertising
markets or strengthening of the dollar against the currencies of the markets in
which our cash flow is generated could reduce our liquidity
reserves.
During
September 2009, we issued EUR 4400 million 2009 Fixed Rate Notes approximately
US$ 6449 million at the time of issue. The majority of the proceeds were used
to repay the EUR 2450 million approximately US$ 3529 million principal
amount outstanding on the 2005 Fixed Rate Notes and the EUR 1275 million
approximately US$ 1873 million at the date of repayment principal amount
outstanding under the EUR 1000 million approximately US$ 1441 million five
year revolving loan agreementbetween us and the European Bank for
Reconstruction and Development EBRD dated July 21, 2006 and the EUR 500
million approximately US$ 720 million revolving loan agreement between us and
EBRD dated August 22, 2007 together, the EBRD Loan. After the application of
proceeds to these repayments, we were left with net cash proceeds of EUR 457
million approximately US$ 669 million at the date of the transaction.
Although the interest cost associated with the 2009 Fixed Rate Notes is
substantially higher than the debt they replace, we have significantly improved
the maturity profile of our debt; the earliest maturity date of our senior debt
is now in 2013.
On
December 21, 2009, CET 21, one of our wholly owned subsidiaries, entered into a
Facility Agreement the Erste Facility for up to CZK 30 billion
approximately US$ 1633 million with Erste Group Bank A.G. as arranger, esk Spoitelna,
a.s. CSAS as facility agent and security agent, and each of CSAS, UniCredit
Bank Czech Republic, a.s. and BNP Paribas as original lenders. No amounts had
been drawn at December 31, 2009.As
of February 24, 2010 an aggregate amount of CZK 28 billion approximately US$
1524 million had been committed and drawn. The facility matures on April 30,
2012, subject to a potential extension of one year. Drawings under the facility
were used to refinance certain existing indebtedness of CET 21 to CSAS and to
repay certain intra-group indebtedness of CET 21.
Our
scheduled repayments of debt before 2013 consist of local facilities in the
Czech Republic of CZK 28 billion approximately US$ 1524 million which
matures in 2012 with a possible one year extension and in Slovenia of EUR 225
million approximately US$ 324 million which is due to be repaid in 2010.
We are in the process of negotiating the refinancing of the Slovenian
facility and are also negotiating a new credit facility for our Romania
operations to ensure we maintain high levels of liquidity across the
group.
We are
unable to incur any additional debt at the holding company level or at the
Restricted Subsidiaries beyond baskets set out in the indentures governing the
Senior Notes unless the ratio of our Restricted Subsidiaries EBITDA to their
Interest Expense the Coverage Ratio, as defined in the indentures is above
20 times and would be on a pro forma basis following such incurrence. Our
Coverage Ratio for the restricted subsidiaries was 14 times at December 31,
2009. However, the baskets in our Senior Note indentures permit the incurrence
at either the Restricted Subsidiary or the holding company level, of up to EUR
2500 million approximately US$ 3602 million. We have utilized US$ 1192
million of this amount for borrowings under our local facilities in the Czech
Republic, Slovenia and Romania.This leaves approximately US$ 2410
million of additional borrowing capacity available to us at December 31, 2009.
Our drawings under the new CZK 30 billion Erste Facility have reduced our
available capacity to approximately US$ 1670 million as at February 24, 2010.
Irrespective of these restrictions, there are no significant constraints on our
ability to refinance existing debt.
Page
48
Table of Contents
CME
Strategy
We
enjoy very strong positions in our Core Markets based on brand strength,
audience leadership, the depth and experience of local management and our
expertise in the production of local content. Historically, these strengths have
supported price leadership, high margins, and strong cash flows. These strengths
have permitted our operations some measure of resilience in the current economic
downturn and should provide the opportunity to benefit as and when growth
resumes.
Our
strategy for the future is based on our strengths: people, brands, audience and
market leadership, own content and growing new distribution platforms. We are
focused on enhancing the performance of the business over the short and medium
term. Our priorities in this regard include:
creating a new operating model
with three operating divisions - broadcast operations, new media and
content which will be known as Media Pro Entertainment to achieve more
efficient use of our resources in order to grow
faster;
capitalizing on our core
strengths and diversifying our revenue from advertising to five main
sources: advertising, subscription, content distribution, internet and
management services;
developing and producing
content on a larger scale and distributing in our region and beyond in all
windows and platforms;
assessing opportunities
arising from current economic conditions to acquire or operate additional
channels and internet operations in our regions in order to expand our
offerings, target niche audiences and increase our advertising inventory
when financially prudent.
We are
prepared to face new challenges and adjust our strategy once we have optimized
our structure in being a vertically integrated media company and will be set to
become or maintain market leadership.
In the
near term, while current difficult economic conditions continue, we will
maintain a strong focus on cost control to protect both profitability and
liquidity, while protecting our brands and competitive
strength.Building on the increase in our market share, we are poised
to respond swiftly and strongly as soon as growth returns.
ll.General
Market Information
Emerging
Markets
Our
operations are in Bulgaria, Croatia, the Czech Republic, Romania, the Slovak
Republic, Slovenia and Ukraine. These emerging economies have adopted
Western-style democratic forms of government within the last twenty years and
have economic structures, political systems, legal systems, systems of corporate
governance and business practices that continue to evolve. The lower level of
development and experience in these areas within our markets, by comparison with
most Western European markets, increases the relative level of our business
risk.
One
indicator of the rate of development and the relative level of business risk
associated with economic development in a particular market is such markets
Coface rating, which is an assessment of the relative risk of payment default in
such market taking into account local business, financial and political
factors.The table below indicates the Coface rating for each country
in which we operate. For purposes of comparison with other select markets, the
United Kingdom, Poland, Greece and Italy were ranked A3 in 2009, Hungary was
ranked A4, United States was ranked A2, Turkey was ranked B and Russia was
ranked C.
Page
49
Table of Contents
Country
2009
Rating
Details
of 2009 Rating
2008
Rating
2007
Rating
2006
Rating
Bulgaria
B
Political
and economic uncertainties and an occasionally difficult business
environment can affect corporate payment behaviour. Corporate default
probability is appreciable.
A4
-
-
Croatia
A4
A
somewhat shaky political and economic outlook and a relatively volatile
business environment can affect corporate payment
behavior.Corporate default probability is still acceptable on
average.
A4
A4
A4
Czech
Republic
A2
The
political and economic situation is good.A basically stable
and efficient business environment nonetheless leaves room for
improvement.Corporate default is low on
average.
A2
A2
A2
Romania
B
Political
and economic uncertainties and an occasionally difficult business
environment can affect corporate payment behaviour. Corporate default
probability is appreciable.
A4
A4
A4
Slovak
Republic
A3
Changes
in generally good but somewhat volatile political and economic environment
can affect corporate payment behavior.A basically secure
business environment can nonetheless give rise to occasional difficulties
for companies.Corporate default probability is quite
acceptable on average.
A3
A3
A3
Slovenia
A2
The
political and economic situation is good.A basically stable
and efficient business environment nonetheless leaves room for
improvement.Corporate default is low on
average.
A1
A1
A1
Ukraine
D
A
high-risk political and economic situation and an often very difficult
business environment can have a very significant impact on corporate
payment behaviour. Corporate default probability is very
high.
C
C
C
Source:Coface
USA. In January 2010, Coface downgraded a number of countries because of the
credit crisis; Croatia, Czech Republic, Slovakia and Ukraine have been placed on
a negative watch.
European
Union Accession
The Czech
Republic, the Slovak Republic and Slovenia acceded to the EU in May 2004, and
Bulgaria and Romania acceded in January 2007.Croatia is currently in
accession negotiations.Accession to the EU brings certain positive
developments.All countries joining the EU become subject to EU
legislation and we believe that the ongoing progress towards EU entry reduces
the political and economic risks of operating in the emerging markets of Central
and Eastern Europe.This reduction in political and economic risks
may encourage increased foreign investment that will support economic
growth.Accession to the EU may also bring certain negative
developments.The adoption of EU-compliant legislation in connection
with accession may result in the introduction of new standards affecting
industry and employment, and compliance with such new standards may require
increased spending.
Television
Advertising Markets
We derive
almost all of our revenue from the sale of television advertising, most of which
is sold through media houses and independent agencies.Like other
television operators, we experience seasonality, with advertising sales tending
to be lowest during the third quarter of each calendar yeardue to the
summer holiday period July and August and highest during the fourth quarter of
each calendar year.For the year ended December 31, 2009, 87% of our
Net Revenues came from the sale of television advertising.
The per
capita GDP in our markets is lower than that of Western markets.As a
result of the lower GDP and weaker domestic consumption, total advertising
spending and consequently television advertising spending per capita tends to be
lower than in Western markets.However, as a result of television
being commercialized in our markets at the same time as other media, television
advertising spending generally accounts for a higher proportion of total
advertising spending than in Western markets, where newspapers and magazines and
radio were established as advertising media well before the advent of television
advertising.
Page
50
Table of Contents
Country
Population
in
millions
1
Per
Capita GDP 2009
1
Total
Advertising Spending per Capita 2009 US$
2
Total
Advertising Spending as a % of GDP 2009
2
TV
Advertising Spending per Capita US$
2009
2
TV
Advertising Spending as a % of Total Advertising Spending
2009
2
Bulgaria
75
$
6,228
$
356
057
%
$
182
55
%
Croatia
44
$
14,488
$
544
038
%
$
293
54
%
Czech
Republic
105
$
18,294
$
806
044
%
$
346
43
%
Romania
206
$
8,155
$
208
026
%
$
132
63
%
Slovak
Republic
54
$
16,355
$
613
037
%
$
300
49
%
Slovenia
20
$
25,271
$
631
025
%
$
395
63
%
Ukraine
461
$
2,416
$
100
040
%
$
50
47
%
1Source:Global
Insight.
2Source:Global
Insight and CME estimates.
Page
51
Table of Contents
For
purposes of comparison, the following table shows the advertising market
statistics for certain other Central and Eastern European markets and selected
Western markets.
Country
Population
in
millions 
1
Per
Capita GDP 2009
1
Total
Advertising Spending per Capita 2009 US$
2
Total
Advertising Spending as a % of GDP 2009
2
TV
Advertising Spending per Capita US$
2009
2
TV
Advertising Spending as a % of Total Advertising Spending
2009
2
Greece
112
$
29,753
$
3018
101
%
$
871
29
%
Hungary
100
$
13,666
$
748
055
%
$
298
40
%
Italy
599
$
35,873
$
2068
058
%
$
1092
53
%
Poland
381
$
12,240
$
693
057
%
$
341
49
%
Russia
1409
$
9,149
$
528
058
%
$
290
55
%
Turkey
748
$
8,331
$
249
030
%
$
130
52
%
UK
618
$
36,079
$
3009
083
%
$
778
26
%
USA
3078
$
46,300
$
4709
102
%
$
2096
45
%
1Source:Global
Insight.
2Source:Global
Insight and CME estimates.
There is
no independent source for reliable information on the size of total television
advertising spending per country in our markets.The following table
sets out our estimates of the development of television advertising spending by
market in US$ millions.
Country
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
Bulgaria
1
-
-
$
175
- $ 185
$
135
145
Croatia
$
$
115 $ 125
$
120
$ 130
$
140
$ 150
$
155
- $ 165
$
125
135
Czech
Republic 1
$
285
$ 295
$
310
$ 320
$
390
$ 400
$
490
- $ 500
$
370
380
Romania
$
165
$ 175
$
235
$ 245
$
375
$ 385
$
465
- $ 475
$
270
280
Slovak
Republic
$
90
$ 100
$
105
$ 115
$
165
$ 170
$
210
- $ 215
$
160
170
Slovenia
$
60
- $ 70
$
70
- $ 80
$
85
$ 90
$
100
- $ 105
$
78
82
Ukraine
2
$
220
- $ 230
$
310
- $ 320
$
470
- $ 480
$
450
- $ 460
$
205
- 215
Market
sizes are quoted at average dollar exchange rates throughout each
year.
1 We
acquired our Czech Republic operations in May 2005 and our existing Bulgaria
operations in August 2008.
2
Excludes political advertising and sponsorship.
Page
52
Table of Contents
The
following table sets out our estimates of the local functional currency growth
of television advertising spending by market.
Country
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
Bulgaria
1
-
-
-
6
8
%
24-26
%
Croatia
1
3
%
2
- 5
%
4
7
%
0
%
14-16
%
Czech
Republic 1
3
5
%
0
- 1
%
8
12
%
7
9
%
22-24
%
Romania
25
- 35
%
30
40
%
50
- 60
%
27
29
%
29-31
%
Slovak
Republic
8
- 10
%
5
- 7
%
25
- 30
%
6
8
%
22-24
%
Slovenia
9
- 11
%
9
- 11
%
8
- 10
%
7
9
%
18-20
%
Ukraine
2
45
- 55
%
25
- 35
%
25
- 35
%
3
- 5
%
28-30
%
1 We
acquired our Czech Republic operations in May 2005 and our existing Bulgaria
operations in August 2008.
2
Excludes political advertising and sponsorship.
Television
Advertising Sales
Spot and Non-Spot Revenues.
For the purposes of our managements discussion and analysis of financial
condition and results of operations, total television and radio advertising
revenue net of rebates is referred to as spot revenues.Non-spot
revenues refers to all other revenues, including those from sponsorship, game
shows, program sales, short message service SMS, messaging, cable
subscriptions and barter transactions.The total of spot revenues and
non-spot revenues is equal toNet Revenues.
Our goal
is to increase revenues from advertising in every market through disciplined
management of our advertising inventory.In any given period, revenue
increases can be attributable to combinations of price increases, higher
inventory sales, seasonal or time-of-day incentives, target-audience delivery of
specific campaigns, introductory pricing for new clients or audience movements
based on our competitors program schedules.
Audience Ratings and Share.
When describing our performance we refer to audience share, which
represents the share attracted by a channel as a proportion of the total
audience watching television, and ratings, which represents the number of
people watching a channel expressed as a proportion of the total population
measured. Audience share and ratings information is measured in each market by
international measurement agencies, using peoplemeters, which quantify audiences
for different demographics and sub geographies of the population measured
throughout the day. Our channels schedule programming intended to attract
audiences within specific target demographics that we believe will be
attractive to advertisers. For each of our segments we show all day and prime
time audience share and program ratings information for our channels and their
major competitors, based on our channels target demographics.
Spot Sales. Our main unit of
sale is the commercial gross rating point GRP.This is a measure
of the number of people watching when the advertisement is aired. Generally we
will contract with a client to provide an agreed number of GRPs for an agreed
price cost per point or CPP. Much less frequently, and usually only for
small niche channels, we may sell on a fixed spot basis where an advertisement
is placed at an agreed time for a negotiated price that is independent of the
number of viewers.The price per GRP package varies depending on the
season and time of day the advertisement is aired, the volume of GRPs purchased,
requirements for special positioning of the advertisement, the demographic group
that the advertisement is targeting in a multi-channel environment and other
factors. Our larger advertising customers generally enter into annual contracts
which usually run from April to March and set the pricing for a committed volume
of GRPs.
Generally,
demand for broadcast advertising is highest in the fourth quarter of the year,
followed by the second quarter; demand for broadcast advertising tends to be
lowest in the third quarter of the year.
Page
53
Table of Contents
III.Analysis
of the Results of Consolidated Operations
OVERVIEW
III
a Net Revenues for the years ending December 31, 2009, 2008 and
2007:
NET
REVENUES
For
the Years Ended December 31, US$ 000s
Movement
Movement
2009
2008
%
Act1
%
Lfl2
2008
2007
%
Act1
%
Lfl2
Croatia
$
49,139
$
54,651
101
%
44
%
$
54,651
$
37,193
469
%
361
%
Czech
Republic
275,883
376,546
267
%
188
%
376,546
279,237
348
%
154
%
Romania
Broadcast Internet
176,501
274,627
357
%
229
%
274,627
215,402
275
%
275
%
Slovak
Republic
107,356
132,692
191
%
167
%
132,692
110,539
200
%
53
%
Slovenia
66,710
80,697
173
%
133
%
80,697
69,647
159
%
97
%
Total
Core Operations
$
675,589
$
919,213
265
%
182
%
$
919,213
$
712,018
291
%
176
%
Bulgaria3
3,520
1,263
1787
%
1600
%
1,263
-
-
%
-
%
Ukraine
32,033
99,458
678
%
678
%
99,458
126,838
216
%
216
%
Total
Developing Operations
$
35,553
$
100,721
647
%
647
%
$
100,721
$
126,838
206
%
206
%
Romania
Media Pro Entertainment4
5,396
-
-
%
-
%
-
-
-
%
-
%
Elimination
2,560
-
-
%
-
%
-
-
-
%
-
%
Total
Net Revenues
$
713,978
$
1,019,934
300
%
230
%
$
1,019,934
$
838,856
216
%
123
%
1
Actual %Act reflects the percentage change between two periods.
2 Like
for Like %Lfl or constant currency reflects the impact of applying the
current period average exchange rates to the prior period revenues and
costs.
3 We
acquired our Bulgaria operations on August 1, 2008.
4 We
acquired our Romania Media Pro Entertainment operations on December 9,
2009.
Our net
revenues decreased by US$ 3060 million in 2009 compared to 2008 primarily as a
result of the economic recession in our markets.Advertising revenue
declined in all of our territories, particularly in Ukraine and Romania, at a
faster rate than the decline in GDP and local currencies were on average weaker
against the dollar compared to 2008.In 2008 net revenue increased by
US$ 1811 million compared to 2007 with each of our core markets growing see
Item 7, IV, Analysis of Segment Results.
Page
54
Table of Contents
III
b Cost of Revenues for the years ending December 31, 2009, 2008 and
2007
COST
OF REVENUES
For
the Years Ended December 31, US$ 000s
Movement
Movement
2009
2008
%
Act1
%
Lfl2
2008
2007
%
Act1
%
Lfl2
Operating
Costs
$
134,095
$
145,210
77
%
04
%
$
145,210
$
116,859
243
%
133
%
Cost
of programming
389,900
438,203
110
%
35
%
438,203
327,230
339
%
257
%
Depreciation
of station property, plant and equipment
53,651
51,668
38
%
149
%
51,668
32,653
582
%
417
%
Amortization
of broadcast licenses and other intangibles
21,597
35,381
390
%
333
%
35,381
24,970
417
%
229
%
Total
Cost of Revenues
$
599,243
$
670,462
106
%
28
%
$
670,462
$
501,712
336
%
237
%
1
Actual
%Act reflects the percentage change between two
periods.
2
Like
for Like %Lfl or constant currency reflects the impact of applying the
current period average exchange rates to the prior period revenues and
costs.
3
Number not
meaningful.
Cost of
revenues decreased by US$ 712 million in 2009 compared to 2008, as we responded
to the economic recession by reducing costs, and increased by US$ 1688 million
in 2008 compared to 2007.
For a
more detailed explanation of movements in our cost of revenues, see Item 7, IV,
Analysis of Segment Results.
Page
55
Table of Contents
Operating
costs:Operating costs excluding programming costs,
depreciation of station property, plant and equipment, amortization of broadcast
licenses and other intangibles as well as selling, general and administrative
expenses decreased by US$ 111 million, or 77% in 2009.Excluding
the impact of movements in foreign exchange rates, total operating costs
remained flat, as savings were offset by additional cost relating to DVB-T
broadcast fees and the full year impact of costs associated with our Bulgaria
operations which we acquired on August 31, 2008.
Operating
costs increased by US$ 284 million in 2008 compared to 2007.
The
movement in operating costs for each of our country operations is discussed in
Item 7, IV, Analysis of Segment Results.
OPERATING
COSTS
For
the Years Ended December 31, US$ 000s
Movement
Movement
2009
2008
%
Act1
%
Lfl2
2008
2007
%
Act1
%
Lfl2
Croatia
$
13,140
$
12,723
33
%
105
%
$
12,723
$
9,999
272
%
177
%
Czech
Republic
40,439
41,037
15
%
94
%
41,037
30,325
353
%
118
%
Romania
Broadcast Internet
24,582
32,251
238
%
85
%
32,251
23,487
373
%
373
%
Slovak
Republic
19,496
19,379
06
%
49
%
19,379
21,017
78
%
203
%
Slovenia
12,085
14,329
157
%
114
%
14,329
12,185
176
%
102
%
Total
Core Operations
$
109,742
$
119,719
83
%
17
%
$
119,719
$
97,013
234
%
105
%
Bulgaria3
6,244
2,289
1728
%
1590
%
2,289
-
-
%
-
%
Ukraine
17,520
23,202
245
%
245
%
23,202
19,846
169
%
169
%
Total
Developing Operations
$
23,764
$
25,491
68
%
72
%
$
25,491
$
19,846
284
%
284
%
Romania
Media Pro Entertainment4
589
-
-
%
-
%
-
-
-
%
-
%
Elimination
-
-
-
%
-
%
-
-
-
%
-
%
Total
Operating Costs
$
134,095
$
145,210
77
%
04
%
$
145,210
$
116,859
243
%
133
%
1
Actual %Act reflects the percentage change between two periods.
2 Like
for Like %Lfl or constant currency reflects the impact of applying the
current period average exchange rates to the prior period revenues and
costs.
3 We
acquired our Bulgaria operations on August 1, 2008.
4 We
acquired our Romania Media Pro Enterainment operations on December 9,
2009.
Page
56
Table of Contents
Cost of
programming:Production expenses represent the cost of
in-house productions as well as locally commissioned programming, such as news,
current affairs and game shows.The cost of broadcasting all other
programming is recorded as program amortization.Our consolidated
cost of programming for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 was as
follows:
COST
OF PROGRAMMING
For
the Years Ended December 31, US$ 000s
Movement
Movement
2009
2008
%
Act1
%
Lfl2
2008
2007
%
Act1
%
Lfl2
Croatia
$
29,809
$
39,585
247
%
196
%
$
39,585
$
32,232
228
%
138
%
Czech
Republic
85,667
101,356
155
%
63
%
101,356
70,005
448
%
239
%
Romania
Broadcast Internet
96,839
114,716
156
%
07
%
114,716
85,288
345
%
345
%
Slovak
Republic
61,325
52,162
176
%
226
%
52,162
37,258
400
%
219
%
Slovenia
30,117
32,823
82
%
31
%
32,823
27,988
173
%
110
%
Total
Core Operations
$
303,757
$
340,642
108
%
07
%
$
340,642
$
252,771
348
%
242
%
Bulgaria
4
34,979
6,506
Nm3
Nm3
6,506
-
-
%
-
%
Ukraine
48,699
91,055
465
%
465
%
91,055
74,459
223
%
223
%
Total
Developing Operations
$
83,678
$
97,561
142
%
147
%
$
97,561
$
74,459
310
%
310
%
Romania
Media Pro Entertainment5
4,692
-
-
%
-
%
-
-
-
%
-
%
Elimination
2,227
-
-
%
-
%
-
-
-
%
-
%
Total
Cost of Programming
$
389,900
$
438,203
110
%
35
%
$
438,203
$
327,230
339
%
257
%
Represented
by:
Production
Expenses
180,091
194,759
75
%
18
%
194,759
138,696
404
%
293
%
Program
Amortization
209,809
243,444
138
%
76
%
243,444
188,534
291
%
229
%
Cost
of Programming
$
389,900
$
438,203
110
%
35
%
$
438,203
$
327,230
339
%
257
%
1
Actual %Act reflects the percentage change between two periods.
2 Like
for Like %Lfl or constant currency reflects the impact of applying the
current period average exchange rates to the prior period revenues and
costs.
3
Number not meaningful.
4 We
acquired our Bulgaria operations on August 1, 2008.
5 We
acquired Romania Media Pro Entertainment on December 9, 2009.
Programming
costs including amortization of acquired programming rights and production
costs decreased by 110% in 2009 compared to 2008, of which 75% was due to the
strengthening of the dollar. On a constant currency basis, programming costs
fell by 35% as our operations aired a more cost effective schedule than in
2008.
The
launch of DOMA in the Slovak Republic and the full year impact of the
acquisition of our Bulgaria operations added approximately US$ 308 million to
our programming costs.
Page
57
Table of Contents
Programming
costs including amortization of programming rights and production costs
increased by US$ 1110 million, or 339%, in, 2008 compared to 2007 due to price
inflation.
The
amortization of acquired programming for each of our consolidated operations for
the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 is set out in the table
below.For comparison, the table also shows the cash paid for
acquired programming by each of our operations in the respective periods, which
is reflected within net cash generated from continuing operating activities in
our consolidated statement of cash flows.
Page
58
Table of Contents
PROGRAM
AMORTIZATION AND CASH PAID FOR ACQUIRED PROGRAMMING
For
the Years Ended December 31, US$ 000s
Movement
Movement
2009
2008
%
Act1
%
Lfl2
2008
2007
%
Act1
%
Lfl2
Program
amortization
Croatia
$
13,101
$
21,229
383
%
343
%
$
21,229
$
20,784
21
%
55
%
Czech
Republic
42,725
57,580
258
%
184
%
57,580
34,992
646
%
442
%
Romania
Broadcast Internet
54,498
55,253
14
%
168
%
55,253
44,673
237
%
237
%
Slovak
Republic
31,427
20,855
507
%
589
%
20,855
16,326
277
%
121
%
Slovenia
13,944
13,076
66
%
104
%
13,076
10,289
271
%
203
%
Total
Core Operations
$
155,695
$
167,993
73
%
29
%
$
167,993
$
127,064
322
%
230
%
Bulgaria4
19,862
2,865
Nm3
Nm3
2,865
$
-
-
%
-
%
Ukraine
34,535
72,586
524
%
524
%
72,586
61,470
181
%
181
%
Total
Developing Operations
$
54,397
$
75,451
279
%
281
%
$
75,451
$
61,470
227
%
227
%
Romania
Media Pro Entertainment
5
165
-
-
%
-
%
-
-
-
%
-
%
Elimination
448
-
-
%
-
%
-
-
-
%
-
%
Total
Program Amortization
$
209,809
$
243,444
138
%
76
%
$
243,444
$
188,534
291
%
229
%
Cash
paid for acquired programming:
Croatia
$
11,950
$
24,922
521
%
459
%
$
24,922
$
22,894
89
%
426
%
Czech
Republic
40,214
35,638
128
%
285
%
35,638
27,343
303
%
438
%
Romania
Broadcast Internet
78,228
73,223
68
%
301
%
73,223
61,271
195
%
195
%
Slovak
Republic
25,132
23,905
51
%
86
%
23,905
18,273
308
%
139
%
Slovenia
11,846
11,300
48
%
105
%
11,300
9,751
159
%
167
%
Total
Core Operations
$
167,370
$
168,988
10
%
136
%
$
168,988
$
139,532
211
%
259
%
Bulgaria4
17,438
10,117
724
%
575
%
10,117
-
-
%
-
%
Ukraine
40,506
48,658
168
%
168
%
48,658
70,487
310
%
310
%
Total
Developing Operations
$
57,944
$
58,775
14
%
30
%
$
58,775
$
70,487
166
%
166
%
Romania
Media Pro Entertainment5
310
-
-
%
-
%
-
-
-
%
-
%
Elimination
-
-
-
%
-
%
-
-
-
%
-
%
Total
Cash Paid for Acquired Programming
$
225,624
$
227,763
09
%
89
%
$
227,763
$
210,019
84
%
113
%
1
Actual %Act reflects the percentage change between two periods.
2 Like
for Like %Lfl or constant currency reflects the impact of applying the
current period average exchange rates to the prior period revenues and
costs.
3
Number is not meaningful.
4 We
acquired our Bulgaria operations on August 1, 2008.
5 We
acquired our Romania Media Pro Entertainment operations on December 9,
2009.
Page
59
Table of Contents
Depreciation of property, plant and
equipment:Depreciation of property, plant and equipment
increased by US$ 20 million, or 38% in 2009, compared to 2008, primarily due
to movements in foreign exchange rates, on a constant currency basis,
depreciation increased 149%, reflecting recent investments in production
equipment assets across all of our operations, particularly in Bulgaria and
Romania.
Depreciation
of property, plant and equipment increased by US$ 190 million in 2008 compared
to 2007 primarily due to depreciation of newly acquired production assets across
each of our operations, particularly in the Czech Republic and
Romania.
Amortization of broadcast licenses
and other intangibles:Amortization of broadcast licenses and
other intangibles decreased by US$ 138 million, or 390% in 2009, compared to
2008, of which 57% reflects the impact of movements in foreign exchange rates.
This decrease was primarily due to a reduction in amortization in our Czech
Republic operations following the extension of the expiration date of TV NOVA
Czech Republics terrestrial broadcast license to January 2025.
Amortization
of broadcast licenses and other intangibles increased by US$ 104 million in
2008 compared to 2007 primarily as a result of the amortization of broadcast
licenses and other intangible assets acquired in the 2008 purchases of our
Bulgaria operations and the remaining 400% interest in our Ukraine Studio 1+1
operations, as well as the impact of charging a full year of amortization
relating to the 2007 acquisitions in Romania and the Slovak
Republic.
III
c Selling, General and Administrative Expenses for the years ending December
31, 2009, 2008 and 2007
Selling,
General and Administrative Expenses
For
the Years Ended December 31, US$ 000s
Movement
Movement
2009
2008
%
Act1
%
Lfl2
2008
2007
%
Act1
%
Lfl2
Croatia
$
5,967
$
7,758
231
%
180
%
$
7,758
$
8,844
123
%
192
%
Czech
Republic
21,314
25,498
164
%
74
%
25,498
22,411
138
%
39
%
Romania
Broadcast Internet
16,570
15,877
44
%
244
%
15,877
13,552
172
%
172
%
Slovak
Republic
12,655
10,923
159
%
205
%
10,923
10,732
18
%
106
%
Slovenia
6,686
8,132
178
%
137
%
8,132
6,707
212
%
120
%
Corporate
39,143
49,676
212
%
191
%
49,676
55,373
103
%
103
%
Total
Core Operations
$
102,335
$
117,864
132
%
72
%
$
117,864
$
117,619
02
%
54
%
Bulgaria
7,071
2,653
1665
%
1473
%
2,653
-
-
%
-
%
Ukraine
6,285
20,000
686
%
686
%
20,000
9,069
1205
%
1205
%
Total
Developing Operations
$
13,356
$
22,653
410
%
416
%
$
22,653
$
9,069
1498
%
1498
%
Romania
Media Pro Entertainment3
381
-
-
%
-
%
-
-
-
%
-
%
Elimination
-
-
-
%
-
%
-
-
-
%
-
%
Total
Selling, General and Administrative Expenses
$
116,072
$
140,517
174
%
128
%
$
140,517
$
126,688
109
%
52
%
Page
60
Table of Contents
1
Actual %Act reflects the percentage change between two periods.
2 Like
for Like %Lfl or constant currency reflects the impact of applying the
current period average exchange rates to the prior period revenues and
costs.
3 We
acquired Romania Media Pro Entertainment on December 9, 2009.
Selling,
general and administrative expenses decreased by US$ 244 million in 2009
compared to 2008, primarily due to a reduction in bonuses related to performance
and lower marketing and selling costs. Selling, general and administrative
expenses increased by US$ 138 million in 2008 compared to 2007 see Item 7, IV,
Analysis of Segment Results.
Corporate
costs decreased by US$ 105 million, or 212% in 2009, compared to 2008 as the
benefits of our ongoing cost reduction measures were seen in all cost
categories.These efficiency gains were partially offset by
redundancy costs of US$ 16 million and costs of approximately US$ 49 million
in connection with our acquisition of Media Pro Entertainment and the
negotiation of our acquisition of the bTV group in Bulgaria, which prior to
January 1, 2009 would have been capitalized as part of our investment see Item
8, Note 3, Acquisitions and Disposals.
Corporate
costs for 2009 are stated net of other income of US$ 34 million arising on the
assignment of our Lehman Brothers bankruptcy claim see Item 8, Note 21,
Commitments and Contingencies: Lehman Brothers Bankruptcy Claim.
Corporate
costs include a charge of US$ 62 million 2008: US$ 61 million; 2007: US$ 57
million in respect of non-cash stock-based compensation. The charge for
non-cash stock-based compensation in 2009 and 2008 reflects amortization of
progressively higher value stock options issued in 2007 and 2008 see Item 8,
Note 17, Stock-Based Compensation.
Corporate
costs for 2008 decreased by US$ 57 million, or 103%, compared to
2007.A charge of US$ 125 million was recorded in 2007 in respect of
the estimated cost of settling our Croatia litigation; excluding this charge,
corporate operating costs excluding non-cash stock-based compensation
increased by US$ 64 million, reflecting:
an
increase in travel costs primarily related to the use of a chartered
aircraft, and salary and travel costs following the establishment of a
centralized planning and development function to manage our initiatives to
improve operational efficiencies;
a
further increase in staff-related costs as a result of redundancy payments
following headcount reductions in the fourth quarter;
and
an
increase in business development expenses incurred in evaluating potential
investments.
III
d Impairment charge for the years ending December 31, 2009, 2008 and
2007
For
the Years Ended December 31, US$ 000s
2009
2008
2007
Bulgaria
$
81,843
$
64,891
$
-
Ukraine
-
271,861
-
Total
$
81,843
$
336,752
$
-
We
revised our estimates of future cash flows in our existing Bulgaria operations
in the first quarter of 2009 to reflect revised expectations of a heavier
contraction in the advertising market in 2009 and a more prolonged downturn. In
addition, Bulgaria has been heavily impacted by the global economic crisis,
which was reflected in the returns expected by investors to reflect the
increased actual and perceived risk of investing in Bulgariawhich
washigher than their historical norms. We concluded that long-lived assets
in the Pro.bg asset group were no longer recoverable and recorded a charge to
write them down to their fair value of US$ nil see Item 8, Note 4, Goodwill
and Intangible Assets.
Page
61
Table of Contents
In 2008,
our stock price had fallen substantially due to the global economic crisis, and
as a result, we reviewed our future cash flow forecasts for our operations. In
connection with our annual impairment test for our goodwill, indefinite-lived
intangible assets and long-lived assets carrying values, we recognized total
impairment charges with respect to our Ukraine and Bulgaria operations in
2008.
There
were no impairment charges in 2007.
III
e Operating loss / income for the years ending December 31, 2009, 2008 and
2007
For
the Years Ended December 31, US$ 000s
Movement
Movement
2009
2008
%
Act1
%
Lfl2
2008
2007
%
Act1
%
Lfl2
Operating
loss / income
$
83,180
$
127,797
349
%
499
%
$
127,797
$
210,456
1607
%
1798
%
1
Actual %Act reflects the percentage change between two periods.
2 Like
for Like %Lfl or constant currency reflects the impact of applying the
current period average exchange rates to the prior period revenues and
costs.
Operating
loss decreased by US$ 446 million in 2009 compared to 2008 primarily due to a
reduction in impairment charges. Excluding the impact of these charges, our
operating income decreased by US$ 2103 million predominantly due to the global
economic crisis and the effect on the television advertising spend in our
markets.Operating margin was 117%, compared to 125% for
2008.
Due to
the impairment charge recorded in 2008 see Item 8, Note 4, Goodwill and
Intangible Assets, we recognized an operating loss of US$ 1278 million in
2008 compared to operating income of US$ 2105 million in 2007, a decrease of
US$ 3383 million; excluding the impact of the impairment losses, operating
income decreased by US$ 15 million.Operating margin was 125% in
2008 compared to 25% in 2007.
Page
62
Table of Contents
III
f Other income expense items for the years ending December 31, 2009, 2008
and 2007
For
the Years Ended December 31, US$ 000s
2009
2008
%
Act1
2008
2007
%
Act1
Interest
income
$
2,916
$
10,006
709
%
$
10,006
$
5,728
747
%
Interest
expense
115,771
82,481
404
%
82,481
54,936
501
%
Foreign
currency exchange loss, net
82,461
37,877
Nm2
37,877
34,409
101
%
Change
in fair value of derivatives
1,315
6,360
793
%
6,360
3,703
2718
%
Other
income
1,521
2,620
419
%
2,620
7,891
668
%
Benefit
/ Provision for income taxes
3,193
34,525
1092
%
34,525
20,822
658
%
Discontinued
operations, net of tax
262
3,785
931
%
3,785
4,480
155
%
Noncontrolling
interest in loss / incomeof consolidated
subsidiaries
10,650
2,067
Nm2
2,067
17,107
879
%
Currency
translation adjustment, net
106,604
88,609
203
%
88,609
158,825
1558
%
Obligation
to purchase shares
$
-
$
488
Nm2
$
488
$
488
Nm2
1
Actual %Act reflects the percentage change between two periods.
2
Number is not meaningful.
Interest income decreased by
US$ 71 million in 2009 compared to 2008 primarily as a result of the reduction
in interest rates.
Interest
income increased by US$ 43 million in 2008 compared to 2007 primarily as a
result of our maintaining higher average cash balances during 2008.
Interest expense increased by
US$ 333 million in 2009 compared to 2008.The increase is related to
interest and amortization of the related debt issuance discount on our
Convertible Notes issued on March 10, 2008 as well as movements in foreign
exchange rates, an increase in our average borrowings, albeit at lower interest
rates, and a loss of US$ 145 million of which US$ 51 million relates to
accelerated amortization costs on the extinguishment of our EBRD Loan and the
repayment of the 2005 Fixed Rate Notes.
Interest
expense increased by US$ 275 million in 2008 compared to 2007 primarily as a
result of interest paid and amortization of the related debt issuance discount
on our Convertible Notes issued in March 2008.
Foreign currency loss,
net:During 2009, we recognized a net gain of US$ 825 million
comprising: transaction gains of US$ 1167 million on the revaluation of
intercompany loans; transaction losses of approximately US$ 170 million on the
Senior Notes and the 2005 Fixed Rate Notes before they were redeemed and US$
224 million on the EBRD Loan due to the strengthening of the Euro between
December 31, 2008 and the date of repayment; and transaction gains of US$ 52
million relating to the revaluation of monetary assets and liabilities
denominated in currencies other than the local functional currency of the
relevant subsidiary.
In 2008,
we recognized a net loss of US$ 379 million comprising: transaction losses of
US$ 402 million relating to the revaluation of monetary assets and liabilities
denominated in currencies other than the local functional currency of the
relevant subsidiary; a transaction gain of approximately US$ 318 million on the
Senior Notes due to the strengthening of the dollar against the Euro between
December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2008; and US$ 295 million of transaction
losses relating to the revaluation of intercompany loans.
Page
63
Table of Contents
In 2007,
we recognized a net loss of US$ 344 million primarily as a result of the
strengthening of the Euro against the dollar over that period.We
incurred a transaction loss of approximately US$ 596 million on the Senior
Notes and the 2005 Fixed Rate Notes before they were redeemed due to the
strengthening of the Euro against the dollar, which was partly offset by gains
on the revaluation of monetary assets and liabilities and intercompany loans of
US$ 252 million.
Since
February 19, 2009, any gain or loss arising on the revaluation of an
intercompany loan to our Czech Republic operations has been recognized in the
income statement as the loan is no longer considered to be long term in
nature.We recognized a loss of US$ 951 million within currency
translation adjustment on the revaluation of such loan in the period from
January 1, 2009 to February 19, 2009 compared to a loss of US$ 387 million in
the year ended December 31, 2008 and a gain of US$ 792 million in the year
ended December 31, 2007.
Change in fair value of
derivatives: In 2009 we recognized a gain of US$ 13 million as a result
of the change in the fair value of the currency swaps entered into on April 27,
2006see Item 8, Note 13, Financial Instruments and Fair Value
Measurementscompared to income of US$ 64 million in 2008 and losses of
US$ 37 million in 2007.
Other income: We recognized
other income of US$ 15 million in 2009, US$ 26 million in 2008, and US$ 79
million in 2007 which largely relates to the unwinding of onerous contract
liabilities and the release of provisions against certain historic tax
contingencies within our Romania operations.
Provision for income taxes: We
recognized a tax benefit of US$ 32 million in 2009 compared to provisions of
US$ 345 million and US$ 208 million in 2008 and 2007,
respectively.The reduction in our provision for income taxes
reflects our reduced profitability.Our stations pay income taxes at
rates ranging from 10% in Bulgaria to 25% in Ukraine.
We
incurred a tax charge in 2008 despite reporting a loss before income taxes due
to the fact that there was no tax benefit attributable to the impairment change
in respect of goodwill booked in the year.
In 2007
the tax charge benefited from a deferred tax credit of US$ 91 million arising
from the enactment of lower tax rates for future years in the Czech
Republic.
For
further information on taxes see Item 8, Note 15, Income Taxes.
Discontinued operations,
net:In the fourth quarter of 2008 we agreed to acquire 100%
of the KINO channel from our minority partners and to sell them our interest in
the CITI channel, which was completed in February 2009.The results
of the CITI channel have therefore been treated as discontinued operations for
each year presented. For additional information, see Item 8, Note 20,
Discontinued Operations.
Noncontrolling interest in income of
consolidated subsidiaries:We adopted FAS 160 ASC 810 from
January 1, 2009 and recognized noncontrolling interest in the loss of
consolidated subsidiaries of US$ 107 million in 2009 compared to an interest in
the income of US$ 21 million in 2008 and US$ 171 million in
2007.The results in 2009 reflected the losses of our Bulgaria
operations which we acquired on August 1, 2008. The results in 2008 reflect the
results of the purchase of increased stakes in our operations in Ukraine and the
results in 2007 reflect our increased stakes in our Romania and Slovak Republic
operations.
Currency translation adjustment,
net:The underlying equity value of our investments which are
denominated in the functional currency of the relevant operation are converted
into dollars at each balance sheet date, with any change in value of the
underlying assets and liabilities being recorded as a currency translation
adjustment on the balance sheet.
Page
64
Table of Contents
In 2009,
we recognized a loss of US$ 1066 million on the revaluation of our net
investments in subsidiaries compared to a loss of US$ 886 million for 2008 and
a gain of US$ 1588 million for 2007.
The
dollar depreciated against the functional currencies of most of our operations
during 2009 with the exception of New Romanian Lei and Ukraine Hryvna,
particularly during the first quarter of 2009. The dollar appreciated against
the functional currencies of all of our operations during 2008 whereas it had
generally experienced a decline in value against most of our operating
currencies in 2007. The net loss on translation for 2009 included a loss of US$
951 million on the revaluation of an intercompany loan to our Czech Republic
operations that was previously considered to be long term in
nature.This compares to a loss of US$ 387 million for 2008 and a
gain of US$ 792 million for 2007.Since February 19, 2009, any
exchange difference arising on the revaluation of this intercompany loan has
been recognized in the income statement as this loan was no longer considered to
be long term in nature.
The
following table illustrates the amount by which the exchange rate between the
dollar and the functional currencies of our operations moved between January 1
and December 31 in 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively:
For
the years ended December 31,
2009
2008
2007
Bulgarian
Lev 1
3
%
-
%
-
%
Croatian
Kuna
2
%
5
%
11
%
Czech
Koruna
5
%
7
%
13
%
Euro
3
%
6
%
11
%
New
Romanian Lei
4
%
15
%
4
%
Ukraine
Hryvna 2
5
%
-
%
-
%
1We
acquired our Bulgaria operations on August 1, 2008.
2 The
functional currency of our Ukraine operations changed from the dollar to the
Hryvna with effect from January 1, 2009.We therefore do not show the
movement of the dollar against the Hryvna for 2008 or 2007.
Page
65
Table of Contents
IV.
Analysis of Segment Results
OVERVIEW
We manage
our business on a geographic basis and review the performance of each segment
using data that reflects 100% of operating and license company
results.We also consider how much of our total revenues and earnings
are derived from our broadcast and internet operations. Our segments are
Bulgaria, Croatia, the Czech Republic, Romania, the Slovak Republic, Slovenia,
Ukraine and Romania Media Pro Entertainment.
Following
the Media Pro Entertainment acquisition and the implementation of our strategy
to become a vertically integrated media company, from January 1, 2010, we will
manage our business based on three operating divisions: Content largely
comprising Media Pro Entertainment and Broadcast andNew
Media.
We
evaluate the performance of our segments based on Net Revenues and
EBITDA.
Our key
performance measure of the efficiency of our business segments is EBITDA
margin.We define EBITDA margin as the ratio of EBITDA to Net
Revenues.
EBITDA is
determined as net income/loss, which includes program rights amortization costs,
before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization of intangible
assets.Items that are not allocated to our segments for purposes of
evaluating their performance, and therefore are not included in EBITDA,
include:
foreign
currency exchange gains and losses;
change
in the fair value of derivatives;
and
certain
unusual or infrequent items e.g., impairments of assets or
investments
EBITDA
may not be comparable to similar measures reported by other
companies.Non-GAAP measures should be evaluated in conjunction with,
and are not a substitute for, U.S. GAAP financial measures.
We
believe EBITDA is useful to investors because it provides a more meaningful
representation of our performance as it excludes certain items that either do
not impact our cash flows or the operating results of our
stations.EBITDA is also used as a component in determining
management bonuses.
For a
full reconciliation of our Net Revenues and EBITDA to our consolidated results
for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 see Item 8, Note 19,
Segment Data.
A summary
of our total Net Revenues, EBITDA and EBITDA margin is as
follows:
Page
66
Table of Contents
SEGMENT
FINANCIAL INFORMATION
For
the Years Ended December 31, US$ 000s
Movement
Movement
2009
2008
%
Act7
%
Lfl8
2008
2007
%
Act7
%
Lfl8
Net
Revenues
Croatia
NOVA TV
$
49,139
$
54,651
101
%
44
%
$
54,651
$
37,193
469
%
361
%
Czech
Republic TV NOVA, NOVA CINEMA, NOVA SPORT and MTV CZECH
1
275,883
376,546
267
%
188
%
376,546
279,237
348
%
154
%
Romania
2
176,501
274,627
357
%
229
%
274,627
215,402
275
%
275
%
Slovak
Republic TV MARKIZA and DOMA 3
107,356
132,692
191
%
167
%
132,692
110,539
200
%
53
%
Slovenia
POP TV, KANAL A and TV PIKA
66,710
80,697
173
%
133
%
80,697
69,647
159
%
97
%
Total
Core Operations
$
675,589
$
919,213
265
%
182
%
$
919,213
$
712,018
291
%
176
%
Bulgaria
PRO.BG and RING.BG 4
3,520
1,263
1787
%
1600
%
1,263
-
-
%
-
%
Ukraine
STUDIO 1+1, KINO 5
32,033
99,458
678
%
678
%
99,458
126,838
216
%
216
%
Total
Developing Operations
$
35,553
$
100,721
647
%
647
%
$
100,721
126,838
206
%
206
%
Romania
Media Pro Entertainment 6
5,396
-
-
%
-
%
-
-
-
%
-
%
Elimination
2,560
-
-
%
-
%
-
-
-
%
-
%
Total
Net Revenues
$
713,978
$
1,019,934
300
%
230
%
$
1,019,934
$
838,856
216
%
123
%
Represented
by:
Broadcast
operations
$
701,024
$
1,010,403
306
%
236
%
$
1,010,403
$
835,232
210
%
117
%
Internet
operations
10,118
9,531
62
%
148
%
9,531
3,624
1630
%
1464
%
Content
operations
5,396
-
-
%
-
%
-
-
-
%
-
%
Elimination
2,560
-
-
%
-
%
-
-
-
%
-
%
Total
Net Revenues
$
713,978
$
1,019,934
300
%
230
%
$
1,019,934
$
838,856
216
%
123
%
1 We
launched MTV CZECH in November 2009.
2
Romania channels are PRO TV, PRO CINEMA, ACASA, PRO TV INTERNATIONAL, SPORT.RO
and MTV Romania.
3 We
launched DOMA on August 31, 2009.
4 We
acquired our Bulgaria operations on August 1, 2008.
5 From
January 1, 2009 the operations of our KINO channel were combined with those of
our STUDIO 1+1 channel and are no longer reported as a separate
segment.
6 We
acquired Media Pro Entertainment on December 9, 2009.
7Actual
%Act reflects the percentage change between two periods.
8Like
for Like %Lfl or constant currency reflects the impact of applying the
current period average exchange rates to the prior period revenues and
costs.
Page
67
Table of Contents
SEGMENT
FINANCIAL INFORMATION
For
the Years Ended December 31, US$ 000s
Movement
Movement
2009
2008
%
Act8
%
Lfl9
2008
2007
%
Act8
%
Lfl9
EBITDA
Croatia
NOVA TV
$
223
$
5,415
1041
%
1046
%
$
5,415
$
13,882
610
%
641
%
Czech
Republic TV NOVA, NOVA CINEMA NOVA SPORT and MTV CZECH
1
128,463
208,655
384
%
319
%
208,655
156,496
333
%
150
%
Romania
2
38,510
111,783
655
%
584
%
111,783
93,075
201
%
201
%
Slovak
Republic TV MARKIZA and DOMA 3
13,880
50,228
724
%
721
%
50,228
41,532
209
%
76
%
Slovenia
POP TV, KANAL A and TV PIKA
17,822
25,413
299
%
272
%
25,413
22,767
116
%
71
%
Corporate
38,151
48,787
218
%
197
%
48,787
54,531
105
%
105
%
Total
Core Operations
$
160,747
$
341,877
530
%
469
%
$
341,877
$
245,457
393
%
242
%
Bulgaria
PRO.BG and RING.BG 4
44,774
$
10,185
Nm5
Nm5
$
10,185
$
-
-
%
-
%
Ukraine
STUDIO 1+1, KINO 5
40,471
34,799
163
%
163
%
34,799
23,464
2483
%
2483
%
Total
Developing Operations
$
85,245
$
44,984
895
%
864
%
$
44,984
$
23,464
2917
%
2917
%
Romania
Media Pro Entertainment 6
266
-
-
%
-
%
-
-
-
%
-
%
Elimination
333
-
-
%
-
%
-
-
-
%
-
%
Consolidated
EBITDA
$
74,903
$
296,893
748
%
709
%
$
296,893
$
268,921
104
%
06
%
Represented
by:
Broadcast
operations
$
123,424
$
354,388
652
%
605
%
$
354,388
$
327,330
83
%
09
%
Internet
operations
9,771
8,708
122
%
213
%
8,708
3,878
1245
%
1108
%
Content
operations
266
-
-
%
-
%
-
-
-
%
-
%
Corporate
38,151
48,787
218
%
197
%
48,787
54,531
105
%
105
%
Elimination
333
-
-
%
-
%
-
-
-
%
-
%
Consolidated
EBITDA
$
74,903
$
296,893
748
%
709
%
$
296,893
$
268,921
104
%
06
%
EBITDA
Margin 7
10
%
29
%
19
%
18
%
29
%
32
%
3
%
4
%
1 We
launched MTV CZECH in November 2009.
2
Romania channels are PRO TV, PRO CINEMA, ACASA, PRO TV INTERNATIONAL, SPORT.RO
and MTV Romania.
3 We
launched DOMA on August 31, 2009.
4 We
acquired our Bulgaria operations on August 1, 2008.
5 From
January 1, 2009 the operations of our KINO channel were combined with those of
our STUDIO 1+1 channel and are no longer reported as a separate
segment.
6 We
acquired Media Pro Entertainment on December 9, 2009.
7We
define EBITDA margin as the ratio of EBITDA to Net Revenue.
8
Actual %Act reflects the percentage change between two periods.
9 Like
for Like %Lfl or constant currency reflects the impact of applying the
current period average exchange rates to the prior period revenues and
costs.
Page
68
Table of Contents
Historically
it has been our experience that the EBITDA we generate in each of our segments,
which correspond to the countries in which we operate plus our newly-acquired
Media Pro Entertainment operations, is the result of the interaction of a number
of different factors. While the relative significance of these factors
fluctuates both from segment to segment and period to period, we believe that
the critical factors involved, which we discuss below, remain
constant.
Macro Economic Environment.
Over the last ten years the markets in which we operate have generally
experienced a much higher rate of economic growth than Western markets as they
have established free market economies, instituted parliamentary democracies and
attracted foreign investment funding.This has tended to generate
growth in the domestic advertising markets of these countries as new entrants
demand advertising time for new products and incumbent advertisers seek to
protect their market share.
Local Advertising
Markets.We
have observed over many years a strong positive correlation between the macro
economic performance of the emerging markets in which we operate and the size of
the television advertising market, which is measured in constant currency unless
otherwise stated, although advertising and TV advertising markets have increased
much faster than GDP when GDP increases and have declined more rapidly when GDP
declines. In addition to the underlying macro economic performance of each
country in which we operate, demand for advertising, and therefore the overall
size of the market, can fluctuate for many other reasons. These reasons could
include, but are not limited to, structural changes to the economy, such as
accession to the European Union, the development of new technologies,
significant new entrants requiring large amounts of advertising or the impact of
new legislation.
Audience Ratings and Share.
When describing our performance we refer to audience share, which represents
the share attracted by a channel as a proportion of the total audience watching
television, and ratings, which represents the number of people watching a
channel expressed as a proportion of the total population measured. Audience
share and ratings information is measured in each market by international
measurement agencies using peoplemeters, which quantify audiences for different
demographics and sub geographies of the population measured throughout the day.
Our channels schedule programming intended to attract audiences within specific
target demographics that we believe will be attractive to advertisers. For
each of our segments we show all day and prime time audience share and program
ratings information for our channels and our major competitors, based on our
channels target demographics. In common with all broadcasters, our audience
share can fluctuate for many reasons, including the popularity of our own
programming, the strength of our competitors programming, unseasonal weather or
national and international sporting, cultural or political events.
Monetization of audience share.
For the purposes of our managements discussion and analysis of financial
condition and results of operations, total television and radio advertising
revenue net of rebates is referred to as spot revenues, which primarily
comprise sales of commercial gross rating points GRPs, which is a measure of
the number of people watching when the advertisement is aired. The audience
share we can generate in each country determines the number of GRPs each of our
operations has to sell, although the relationship between audience share and
revenue is frequently non-linear in nature and the amount of revenue we earn is
the result of the interrelation between the volume of GRPs we are able to
generate, the proportion of those GRPs we can sell to advertisers and the price
at which we can sell them. In any period, we attempt to maximize revenue by
optimizing pricing and resulting sell-out rates, including price increases or
decreases depending on market conditions, seasonal or time-of-day incentives,
target-audience delivery of specific campaigns, introductory pricing for new
clients or audience movements based on our competitors program schedule. In
most of our segments, our ability to provide advertisers with a package of
related services across a number of channels and audience demographics, combined
with the absolute level of that audience share, which has generally been
market-leading, has enabled us to enjoy a share of the advertising market, and
therefore segment net revenues, disproportionately in excess of our audience
share.
Generally
we contract with clients to provide an agreed number of GRPs for an agreed price
cost per point. Much more rarely we may sell on a fixed spot basis where an
advertisement is placed at an agreed time for a negotiated price that is
independent of the number of viewers.The price per GRP package
varies depending on the season and time of day the advertisement is aired, the
volume of GRPs purchased, requirements for special positioning of the
advertisement, the demographic group that the advertisement is targeting in a
multi-channel environment and other factors. Our larger advertising customers
generally enter into annual contracts which usually run from April to March and
set the pricing for a committed volume of GRPs, although this was not our
experience in 2009. Generally, demand for broadcast advertising is highest in
the fourth quarter of the year in the run-up to Christmas and lowest in the
third quarter of the year during the summer holiday period.
Page
69
Table of Contents
Non-spot
revenues refers to all other revenues, including those from content production,
sponsorship, game shows, program sales, short message service SMS messaging,
cable subscriptions and barter transactions.The total of spot
revenues and non-spot revenues is equal to Net Revenues.
Protection of EBITDA margin.
Ultimately, the amount of EBITDA we generate in each segment is determined by
how efficiently we manage the relationship between revenues and costs.
Programming costs, which includes the cost of producing program content,
typically represent the largest single component of our cost base in each of our
operations and have historically increased each year as we, and our competitors,
seek to gain or protect market share. We invest in programming where we believe
we are able to gain audience share and ultimately increase our revenues, but
only where we believe it is cost effective. The extent to which we are able to
control major cost components without harming our market share will govern the
ultimate level of EBITDA we earn.
Page
70
Table of Contents
ANALYSIS
BY GEOGRAPHIC SEGMENT
A
BULGARIA
On
February 18, 2010, we entered into an agreement with News Corporation to
purchase the bTV group for cash consideration of US$ 4000 million. See Item 8,
Note 24, Subsequent Events.
Macro
economic environment and local advertising markets
We
estimate that the television advertising market declined by between 24% and 26%
during 2009.Economic projections for Bulgaria in the first half of
2010 remain poor, resulting in uncertainty among advertisers but we currently
expect single digit growth to occur in the second half of 2010.
Audience
Share and Ratings Performance
For sales
purposes, PRO.BGs and RING.BGs target audience demographic is 18-49 Urban. All
audience data shown below is based on the target demographic of PRO.BG and
RING.BG.
For
the year ended 
December31,2009
For
the fivemonths 
from
acquisition to 
December31,2008
All
day audience share
33
%
20
%
All
day ratings
04
%
02
%
Prime
time audience share
33
%
17
%
Prime
time ratings
09
%
05
%
The
leading broadcasters are the privately owned broadcasters bTV and NOVA TV and
the public broadcaster BNT. In 2009, bTV had an all day audience share of 330 NOVA TV had an all day audience share of 230% and BNT had an all day audience
share of 89%.In terms of its audience share, PRO.BG currently is
comparable to the larger cable or satellite channels in the Bulgarian market:
DIEMA + and DIEMA 2, withall day audience shares of 28% and 13 respectively, FOX LIFE with 24% and TV7 with 12%.
Prime
time audience share for the year ended December 31, 2009 was 385 % for bTV,
248% for NOVA TV and 102% for BNT.Prime time audience shares for
the year ended December 31, 2009 for DIEMA +, DIEMA 2, FOX LIFE and TV7 were
24%, 09%, 12% and 11%, respectively.
We
acquired PRO.BG and RING.BG on August 1, 2008.Since acquiring our
existing Bulgaria operations, we have continued to focus on establishing the
necessary infrastructure and resources for the development of the operations,
drawing on support from Romania and other markets while we build the new local
management team. We continue to enhance our management team and have delivered
three in-house productions including Wife Swap, Beat the Blondes and the
access show Thats right.We have consolidated our operations to
one location, which has three fully operational studios.
Monetization
of audience share
The year
ended December 31, 2009 compared to the period of acquisition from August 1,
2008 to December 31, 2008
Page
71
Table of Contents
BULGARIA
FINANCIAL INFORMATION
US$
000
Movement
For
the year ended 
December31,2009
For
the period of 
acquisition
from
August
1, 2008 to 
December31,20081
% Act2
% Lfl3
Spot
revenues
$
1,872
$
666
1811
%
1589
%
Non-spot
revenues
1,648
597
1760
%
1612
%
Net
Revenues
$
3,520
$
1,263
1787
%
1600
%
Represented
by
Broadcast
operations
$
3,517
$
1,261
1789
%
1601
%
Internet
operations
3
2
500
%
500
%
Content
operations
-
-
-
%
-
%
Net
Revenues
$
3,520
$
1,263
1787
%
1600
%
1We
acquired our Bulgaria operations on August 1, 2008.
2
Actual %Act reflects the percentage change between two periods.
3 Like
for Like %Lfl or constant currency reflects the impact of applying the
current period average exchange rates to the prior period revenues and
costs.
Spot and
Non spot revenues for the year ended December 31, 2009 continued to increase
from 2008, however, they remain low in absolute terms.
EBITDA
Performance
BULGARIA
FINANCIAL INFORMATION
US$
000
Movement
For
the year ended 
December31,2009
For
the period from 
August
1, 2008 to 
December31,20081
% Act2
% Lfl3
EBITDA
$
44,774
$
10,185
Nm4
Nm4
Represented
by
Broadcast
operations
$
44,303
$
10,182
Nm4
Nm4
Internet
operations
471
3
Nm4
Nm4
Content
operations
-
-
-
%
-
%
EBITDA
$
44,774
$
10,185
Nm4
Nm4
EBITDA
Margin
Nm4
Nm4
Nm4
Nm4
1We
acquired our Bulgaria operations on August 1, 2008.
2
Actual %Act reflects the percentage change between two periods.
3 Like
for Like %Lfl or constant currency reflects the impact of applying the
current period average exchange rates to the prior period revenues and
costs.
4
Number is not meaningful.
Page
72
Table of Contents
EBITDA
losses were US$ 448 million for the year ended December 31, 2009. In July 2009,
we relaunched our channels and accordingly incurred significant costs in the
areas of programming and marketing.We incurred programming costs of
US$ 350 million in the year ended December 31, 2009, of which US$ 127 million
relates to accelerated amortization of acquired programming that is scheduled to
be broadcast where the net realizable value of the programming is less than its
carrying value because the channel is not expected to generate sufficient
revenue to recover the cost of the programming. We incurred other operating
costs of US$ 62 million and selling, general and administrative costs of US$
71 million in 2009.
EBITDA
losses for the period from acquisition to December 31, 2008 were US$ 102
million. We incurred programming costs of US$ 65 million, which included a
writedown of programming of US$ 05 million, other operating costs of US$ 23
million and selling, general and administrative costs of US$ 27
million.
B
CROATIA
Macro
economic environment and local advertising markets
We
estimate that the television advertising market in Croatia declined by between
14% and 16% during 2009.We anticipate that our clients will remain
cautious in the first half of 2010 and we only expect modest recovery in the
television advertising market in the second half with an estimated growth of
approximately 2% for 2010.
The
exchange rate between the dollar and the Croatian kuna, the functional currency
of our Croatia operations, varies considerably from period to period. The
average exchange rate of the dollar to the Croatian kuna in 2009 appreciated by
6% compared to 2008.
Audience
Share and Ratings
For
advertising sales purposes, the NOVA TV Croatia target audience is the 18-49
demographic and all audience data in this section is shown on this
basis.
For
the Years Ended December 31,
2009
2008
Movement
2008
2007
Movement
All
day audience share
228
%
225
%
03
%
225
%
187
%
37
%
All
day ratings
37
%
34
%
03
%
34
%
30
%
04
%
Prime
time audience share
274
%
253
%
21
%
253
%
197
%
56
%
Prime
time ratings
99
%
88
%
11
%
88
%
72
%
16
%
NOVA TV
Croatia, whose average prime time audience share increased from 253% in 2008
to 274% in 2009, was ranked as the market leader in 2009. The prime time
audience share of NOVA TV Croatia for the year ended December 31, 2009
increased compared to the same period of 2008 despite the implementation of a
low cost programming schedule and the impact of the Croatian national team
reaching the final of the World Handball Championships in 2009, which was
broadcast by a competitor channel.
The
second season of the reality show The Farm was launched in March 2009,
achieving an average audience share of 347% in September 2009,we
launched our entertainment show Supertalent Got Talent and our locally
produced drama series Najbolje Godine The Best Years, achieving average
audience shares of 461% and 354%, respectively.Our main evening
news program continues to perform well and increased its audience share to
approximately 333% from 291% in 2009, providing an anchor for the rest of our
prime time schedule.
Page
73
Table of Contents
Our major
competitors are the privately owned broadcaster RTL, with an all day audience
share for the year ended December 31, 2009 of 262%, and two channels of the
public broadcaster, HTV1 and HTV2, with all day audience shares for the year
ended December 31, 2009 of 236% and 128%, respectively.
During
the three months ended December 31, 2009, the prime time audience share of NOVA
TV Croatia increased from 239% to 302%. The prime time audience share of
HTV2 increased from 131% to 133% over the same period, while those of RTL and
HTV1 decreased from 288% to 250% and from 245% to 205 respectively.
Prime
time ratings for NOVA TV Croatia increased from 88.% in 2008 to 99% in 2009,
while the total prime time ratings for the Croatian market increased from 348%
in 2008 to 360% in 2009.
The
number of daily unique users to our internet sites continued to increase by
323% from 02 million in the year ended December 31, 2008 to 03 million in
year ended December 31, 2009.
The
number of daily page impressions to our internet sites continued to increase by
245% from 10 million in 2008 to 12 million in the year ended December 31,
2009.
Monetization
of audience share
For
the Years Ended December 31, US$ 000s
Movement
Movement
2009
2008
%
Act1
%
Lfl2
2008
2007
%
Act1
%
Lfl2
Spot
revenues
$
41,980
$
45,946
86
%
30
%
$
45,946
$
29,675
548
%
443
%
Non-spot
revenues
7,159
8,705
178
%
119
%
8,705
7,518
158
%
49
%
Net
Revenues
$
49,139
$
54,651
101
%
44
%
$
54,651
$
37,193
469
%
361
%
Represented
by
Broadcast
operations
$
48,543
$
54,083
102
%
46
%
$
54,083
$
36,901
466
%
357
%
Internet
operations
596
568
49
%
125
%
568
292
945
%
945
%
Content
operations
-
-
-
%
-
%
-
-
-
%
-
%
Net
Revenues
$
49,139
$
54,651
101
%
44
%
$
54,651
$
37,193
469
%
361
%
1
Actual %Act reflects the percentage change between two years.
2 Like
for Like %Lfl or constant currency reflects the impact of applying the
current period average exchange rates to the prior period revenues and
costs.
Spot
revenues decreased in 2009 compared to 2008, in part as a result of the
strengthening of the dollar against the Croatian Kuna, the currency in which our
sales are denominated, but also due to lower pricing in response to weaker
demand from advertisers, which more than offset an increase in the volume of
GRPs sold.
Non-spot
revenues decreased in 2009 compared to 2008 primarily as a result of lower
telephone-based services revenues following changes to our
schedule.
Although
we experienced signs of increased demand for advertisingin the
pharmaceuticals sector, the food and cosmetics sectors remain flat while the
beverages and financial sectors remain in decline.
Page
74
Table of Contents
EBITDA
Performance
For
the Years Ended December 31, US$ 000s
Movement
Movement
2009
2008
%
Act1
%
Lfl2
2008
2007
%
Act1
%
Lfl2
EBITDA
$
223
$
5,415
1041
%
1046
%
$
5,415
$
13,882
610
%
641
%
Represented
by
Broadcast
operations
$
1,588
$
3,503
1453
%
1527
%
$
3,503
$
13,814
746
%
766
%
Internet
operations
1,365
1,912
286
%
250
%
1,912
68
Nm3
Nm3
Content
operations
-
-
-
%
-
%
-
-
-
%
-
%
EBITDA
$
223
$
5,415
1041
%
1046
%
$
5,415
$
13,882
610
%
641
%
EBITDA
Margin
0
%
10
%
10
%
9
%
10
%
37
%
27
%
28
%
1
Actual %Act reflects the percentage change between two periods.
2 Like
for Like %Lfl or constant currency reflects the impact of applying the
current period average exchange rates to the prior period revenues and
costs.
3
Number is not meaningful.
Despite
the decreases in revenues described above, our Croatia operations achieved
positive EBITDA for the first time in the year ended December31, 2009. The
EBITDA performance in 2009 is primarily a result of a net cost decrease
resulting from:
a
20% decrease in the cost of programming compared to 2008, following a cost
optimization program reflecting savings in both foreign and local program
syndication,partially offset by costs relating to the
production of In Magazin, a locally produced daily magazine
show;
an
11% increase in other operating costs compared to 2008 due to higher
staff-related costs due to higher headcount;
and
an
18% decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses compared to
2008, primarily due to lower marketing
expenses.
C
CZECH REPUBLIC
Macro
economic environment and local advertising markets
We
estimate that the television advertising market in the Czech Republic declined
by approximately 22% to 24% during 2009.We currently expect single
digit GDP growth in 2010 for the Czech Republic and anticipate a modest recovery
in the second half of 2010 with anticipated growth in the finance,
pharmaceutical and fast moving consumer goods FMCG sectors.
The
exchange rate between the dollar and the Czech koruna, the functional currency
of our Czech Republic operations, varies considerably from year to year. The
average exchange rate of the dollar to the Czech koruna in 2009 appreciated by
11% compared to 2008.
Page
75
Table of Contents
Audience
Share and Ratings Performance
For
advertising sales purposes, the TV NOVA Czech Republic target audience is the
15-54 demographic and all audience data for our Czech operations in this section
is shown on this basis.
For
the Years Ended December 31,
2009
2008
Movement
2008
2007
Movement
All
day audience share
437
%
420
%
17
%
420
%
430
%
10
%
All
day ratings
48
%
48
%
00
%
48
%
48
%
00
%
Prime
time audience share
489
%
463
%
26
%
463
%
468
%
05
%
Prime
time ratings
142
%
136
%
06
%
136
%
141
%
05
%
Our Czech
Republic operations maintained their clear leadership position in the market
with an average prime time share in their target group of 489% in
2009.This was achieved despite the introduction of a more cost
efficient spring and fall schedule. In addition to our already successful series
Ulice The street and Ordinace v ruzove zahrade Rose Garden Medical,
this schedule included a rerun of the popular Czech sitcom Comeback and the
first season of the reality show Czech-Slovak Superstar, which achieved an
audience share of 538%.TV NOVA Czech Republics main news program
performed extraordinarily well with an average prime time audience share for the
year of 664%.
NOVA
CINEMA increased its coverage in its 4+ audience to 707% from 400% since it
began broadcasting in Digital Video Broadcasting-Terrestrial DVB-T on
December 15, 2008 and we began to monetize its ratings in 2009.
MTV CZECH
is a new cable and satellite channel targeting the youth niche segment and was
launched in November 2009.
Our main
competitors are the two channels operated by the public broadcaster, CT1 and
CT2, with all day audience shares for 2009 of 157% and 51%, respectively, and
privately owned broadcaster TV Prima, with an all day audience share of
164%.
Prime
time audience share for CT1 decreased from 182% in 2008 to 167% in 2009, while
the audience shares of CT2 and TV Prima decreased from 56% to 45% and from
171% to 160%, respectively.
Prime
time ratings for our Czech Republic operations were 142% in 2009 compared to
136% in 2008, while total prime time ratings in the Czech Republic declined
from 295% in 2008 to 291% in 2009.
During
the three months ended December 31, 2009, the prime time audience share of TV
NOVA Czech Republic was 492% compared to 470% for the same period in 2008.
The prime time audience share of TV Prima decreased from 168% to 147%, while
the prime time audience shares of CT1 and CT2 decreased from 183% to 153% and
from 42% to 33%, respectively over the same period.
The
number of average unique daily users to our internet sites remained flat growing
only by 09% for the year ended December 31, 2009 compared to the same period in
2008.This is due to a 341% decline on our community website BLOG.CZ
in the year ended December 31, 2009 compared to 2008.However we did
experience growth on our corporate website NOVA.CZ and it is successful free
video-on-demand capability and following the broadcast of the reality show
Czech-Slovak Superstar.In the fourth quarter of 2009, this portal
was the biggest video portal in the market in terms of total minutes of video
streaming, with the closest direct competitor being STREAM.CZ which is a part of
the home page of local leading portal Seznam.cz.
Page
76
Table of Contents
The
number of daily page impressions to our internet sites decreased by 178% from
56 million in the year ended December 31, 2008 to 46 million in the year ended
December 31, 2009.
Monetization
of audience share
For
the Years Ended December 31, US$ 000s
Movement
Movement
2009
2008
%
Act1
%
Lfl2
2008
2007
%
Act1
%
Lfl2
Spot
revenues
$
242,354
$
345,077
298
%
222
%
$
345,077
$
254,545
356
%
161
%
Non-spot
revenues
33,529
31,469
65
%
177
%
31,469
24,692
274
%
82
%
Net
Revenues
$
275,883
$
376,546
267
%
188
%
$
376,546
$
279,237
348
%
154
%
Represented
by
Broadcast
operations
$
271,733
$
374,100
274
%
195
%
$
374,100
$
278,785
342
%
148
%
Internet
operations
4,150
2,446
697
%
792
%
2,446
452
Nm3
Nm3
Content
operations
-
-
-
%
-
%
-
-
-
%
-
%
Net
Revenues
$
275,883
$
376,546
267
%
188
%
$
376,546
$
279,237
348
%
154
%
1
Actual %Act reflects the percentage change between two
years.
2 Like
for Like %Lfl or constant currency reflects the impact of applying the
current period average exchange rates to the prior period revenues and
costs.
3
Number is not meaningful.
Spot
revenues decreased in 2009 by 30%, or 22% in constant currency, compared to 2008
as a result of decline in the television advertising market.Non-spot
revenues increased by 7%, or 18% in constant currency, compared to 2008 as a
result of higher sponsorship revenues following the creation of a dedicated
sponsorship sales team in 2009 and increased revenues generated from
teleshopping. This increase was partially offset by the absence of subscription
revenues generated from NOVA CINEMA, which is now broadcast in
DVB-T.
EBITDA
Performance
For
the Years Ended December 31, US$ 000s
Movement
Movement
2009
2008
%
Act1
%
Lfl2
2008
2007
%
Act1
%
Lfl2
EBITDA
$
128,463
$
208,655
384
%
319
%
$
208,655
$
156,496
333
%
150
%
Represented
by
Broadcast
operations
$
132,073
$
212,618
379
%
313
%
$
212,618
$
157,362
351
%
165
%
Internet
operations
3,610
3,963
89
%
22
%
3,963
866
Nm3
2717
%
Content
operations
-
-
-
%
-
%
-
-
-
%
-
%
EBITDA
$
128,463
$
208,655
384
%
319
%
$
208,655
$
156,496
333
%
150
%
EBITDA
Margin
47
%
55
%
8
%
8
%
55
%
56
%
1
%
1
%
1
Actual %Act reflects the percentage change between two
years.
2 Like
for Like %Lfl or constant currency reflects the impact of applying the
current period average exchange rates to the prior period revenues and
costs.
3
Number is not meaningful
Page
77
Table of Contents
Our Czech
Republic operations EBITDA decline in 2009 is primarily a result of a decline
in revenues which outweighed a net cost saving resulting from:
a
6% decrease in the cost of programming compared to 2008 following a cost
optimization program resulting in savings in both foreign and local
program syndication. Notwithstanding the decrease in the cost of
programming, production costs increased during 2009 primarily due to an
increase in reality and entertainment shows included in the fall
schedule,
a
7% decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses compared to
2008 primarily due to lower marketing and travel expenses; partially
offset by
a
9% increase in other operating costs compared to 2008, primarily due to
higher fees paid for digital transmission as a result of broadcasting two
of our channels in DVB-T rather than one in 2008, which more than offset
lower staff-related costs.
The cost
savings described above were unable to offset the effect of the decrease in
revenues and as a result our Czech Republic operations experienced a decline in
their EBITDA margin for 2009 compared to 2008.
D
ROMANIA
Macro
economic environment and local advertising markets
We
estimate that the television advertising market declined by between 29% and 31%
during 2009 due to the global economic crisis and the resulting uncertainty
among advertisers. We expect a modest recovery in the second half of 2010,
largely attributable to the recovery of the telecom and retail
sectors.
The
exchange rate between the dollar and the New Romanian lei, the functional
currency of our Romania operations, varies considerably from period to period.
The average exchange rate of the dollar to the New Romanian lei in 2009
appreciated by 20% compared to 2008.
Audience
Share and Ratings
For
advertising sales purposes, our Romanian channels have different target audience
demographics: PRO TV - 18-49 urban; ACASA - 15-49 female urban; PRO CINEMA -
18-49 urban; SPORT.RO - male urban; and MTV ROMANIA - 15-34 urban. All audience
data shown in this section below is based on the target demographic of PRO
TV.
For
the Years Ended December 31,
2009
2008
Movement
2008
2007
Movement
All
day audience share all channels
274
%
288
%
14
%
288
%
306
%
18
%
All
day ratings all channels
45
%
45
%
00
%
45
%
41
%
04
%
Prime
time audience share all channels
322
%
326
%
04
%
326
%
324
%
02
%
Prime
time ratings all channels
106
%
108
%
02
%
108
%
96
%
12
%
Our
Romania operations experienced a slight decrease in prime time audience share in
the year ended December 31, 2009.Local programming continued to
perform strongly in 2009, with Regina, the spin-off from the successful Gypsy
Heart series, delivering an audience share of 266%. State de Romania, a
sitcom broadcast on PRO TV, delivered an audience share of 143% in
2009.
Page
78
Table of Contents
Our main
competitors are the privately owned broadcasters Antena 1, which had an all day
audience share for 2009 of 115%, Prima TV and Kanal D, which had all day
audience shares of 55% and 44%, respectively.
Prime
time audience share for Antenna 1 increased from 114% in 2008 to 122% in 2009,
while the prime time audience shares of Prima TV increased from 62% to 71% and
Kanal D decreased from 50% to 43%.
Prime
time ratings for PRO TV were 65% in 2008 compared to 67% in 2009 while total
prime time ratings for the Romania market increased from 331% in 2008 to 332%
in 2009.
During
the three months ended December 31, 2009, the combined prime time audience share
of PRO TV, ACASA, PRO CINEMA, SPORT.RO and MTV ROMANIA was 303% compared to
341% for the same period in 2008. The prime time audience share of TVR 1
increased from 34% to 41%, while the prime time audience share of Antena 1
remained flat at 120%.
Our
internet operations continued to grow, reaching around 04 million average daily
unique users in year ended December 31, 2009, with a growth of 425% in 2009
compared to 2008.This is mainly due to increases on our general news
portal STIRILEPROTV.RO and sports news portal SPORT.RO of 1231% and 523 respectively in the year ended December 31, 2009.
The
number of daily page impressions on our internet sites increased by 403% from
21 million in 2008 to 30 million in the year ended December 31,
2009.
Monetization
of audience share
For
the Years Ended December 31, US$ 000s
Movement
Movement
2009
2008
%
Act1
%
Lfl
2008
2007
%
Act1
%
Lfl2
Spot
revenues
$
153,147
$
253,649
396
%
276
%
$
253,649
$
202,414
253
%
253
%
Non-spot
revenues
23,354
20,978
113
%
346
%
20,978
12,988
615
%
615
%
Net
Revenues
$
176,501
$
274,627
357
%
229
%
$
274,627
$
215,402
275
%
275
%
Represented
by
Broadcast
operations
$
175,517
$
273,270
358
%
229
%
$
273,270
$
214,976
271
%
271
%
Internet
operations
984
1,357
275
%
115
%
1,357
426
2185
%
2185
%
Content
operations
-
-
-
%
-
%
-
-
-
%
-
%
Net
Revenues
$
176,501
$
274,627
357
%
229
%
$
274,627
$
215,402
275
%
275
%
1
Actual %Act reflects the percentage change between two
years.
2 The
functional currency of our Romania operations changed from the dollar to the New
Romanian lei with effect from January 1, 2008. We therefore do not apply the
current period average exchange rates to the prior period revenues and
costs.
3
Number is not meaningful.
Spot
revenues decreased in 2009 compared to 2008 both as a result of the
strengthening of the dollar against the New Romanian Lei, the currency in which
our sales are denominated, and a decline in the advertising
market.In constant currency, we experienced a decrease in the volume
of GRPs sold, particularly in the first quarter of 2009, and lower pricing,
particularly in the second half of 2009.
Non-spot
revenues increased in 2009 compared to 2008 mainly increased cable tariffs and
higher number of subscribers generated by Sport.ro, Pro Cinema, MTV and
Acasa.
Page
79
Table of Contents
EBITDA
Performance
For
the Years Ended December 31, US$ 000s
Movement
Movement
2009
2008
%
Act1
%
Lfl2
2008
2007
%
Act1
%
Lfl2
EBITDA
$
38,510
$
111,783
655
%
584
%
$
111,783
$
93,075
201
%
201
%
Represented
by
Broadcast
operations
$
40,857
$
112,523
637
%
562
%
$
112,523
$
93,585
202
%
202
%
Internet
operations
2,347
740
2172
%
2545
%
740
510
451
%
451
%
Content
operations
-
-
-
%
-
%
-
-
-
%
-
%
EBITDA
$
38,510
$
111,783
655
%
584
%
$
111,783
$
93,075
201
%
201
%
EBITDA
Margin
22
%
41
%
19
%
18
%
41
%
43
%
2
%
2
%
1
Actual %Act reflects the percentage change between two
years.
2 Like
for Like %Lfl or constant currency reflects the impact of applying the
current period average exchange rates to the prior period revenues and
costs.
Our
Romania operations EBITDA decline in 2009 resultedprimarily from a
decline in revenue and a net increase in costs resulting from:
a
17% increase in the cost of acquired programming compared to 2008,
reflecting the higher cost of foreign acquired programming and an increase
in acquired sport events;
a
14% decrease in the cost of production compared to 2008 following a cost
optimization program in the 2009 fall
schedule;
a
9% decrease in other operating costs compared to 2008, primarily due to
lower staff-related costs; and
a
24% increase in selling, general and administrative expenses compared to
2008, primarily due to increases in the provision for doubtful debts and
in marketing and selling costs.
Total
costs increased 12% for the year ended December 31, 2009 compared to the same
period in 2008. The significant decline in revenues and the marginal increase in
costs contributed to a significant decline in the EBITDA margin in 2009 compared
to 2008.
E
SLOVAK REPUBLIC
Macro
economic environment and local advertising markets
We
estimate that the television advertising market declined by between 22% and 24%
in 2009 due to general economic conditions, exacerbated by the impact on the
Slovak Republic of the dispute between Russia and Ukraine over gas supplies in
the first quarter. We expect difficult trading conditions during the first half
of 2010 with modest recovery in the second half of
2010.
With
effect from January 1, 2009 the amount of total broadcast time devoted to
advertising on public-owned stations was reduced to 25% from 3% and in
connection with this we are required to pay 20% of the revenues of our Slovak
Republic operations to a new Audiovisual Fund. This increased our cost base by
approximately US$ 21 million compared to 2008.
Page
80
Table of Contents
The
Slovak Republic adopted the Euro on January 1, 2009, and as a result the
functional currency of our Slovak Republic operations changed from the Slovak
Koruna SKK on that date.
The
exchange rate between the dollar and the Euro varies considerably from period to
period. The average exchange rate of the dollar to the Euro in 2009 appreciated
by 5% compared to 2008. We calculated the comparative 2008 like-for-like data by
translating the actual SKK revenues and costs of our Slovak Republic operations
into Euros using the average exchange rates applicable during 2008. We then
converted these implied Euro values into dollars using the current period
average exchange rates in order to arrive at a like-for-like
comparative.
Audience
Share and Ratings Performance
On August
31, 2009, we launched DOMA, a new channel in the Slovak Republic targeted at a
younger female audience.For advertising sales purposes, TV MARKIZAs
target audience is the 12+ demographic and the audience data for TV MARKIZA and
DOMA is shown below is based on TV MARKIZAs target audience.
For
the Years Ended December 31,
2009
2008
Movement
2008
2007
Movement
All
day audience share
319
%
351
%
32
%
351
%
355
%
04
%
All
day ratings
43
%
45
%
02
%
45
%
48
%
03
%
Prime
time audience share
339
%
368
%
29
%
368
%
385
%
17
%
Prime
time ratings
117
%
122
%
05
%
122
%
132
%
10
%
Our
Slovak Republic operations prime time audience share declined to 339% in 2009
from 368% in 2008.This reflects our decision in the first quarter
of 2009 to remove high-cost local productions from the schedule to reduce costs.
Our principal competitor, privately owned TV JOJ, capitalized on our reductions
and increased their investment in local production.
TV JOJs
prime time audience share in 2009 increased from 193% to 223% while the prime
time audience share for STV1, the only significant public broadcaster, decreased
from 173% in 2008 to 166% in 2009.Prime time ratings for TV
MARKIZA were 335% in 2009 compared to 368% in 2008. Total prime time ratings
for the market increased from 332% in 2008 to 347% in 2009, partially due to
the addition of JOJ Plus, a new channel that was launched in October
2008.
During
the three months ended December 31, 2009, the prime time audience share of TV
MARKIZA decreased to 359% from 374% in the same period in 2008. The prime time
audience share of STV 1 decreased from 153% to 151%, while TV JOJs audience
share increased from 210% to 228% in the same period.
Our
internet operations continued to grow by 428% from 894 thousand of average
unique daily users in the year ended December 31, 2008 to 1276 thousand in the
year ended December 31, 2009.This is mainly due to an increase of on
our general news portal and interest in broadcast-related shows such as
Czech-Slovak Superstar, a joint reality production between TV NOVA Czech
Republic and TV MARKIZA.
Page
81
Table of Contents
The
number of daily page impressions increased by 448% from 06 million in the year
ended December 31, 2008 to 08 million in the year ended December 31,
2009.
Monetization
of audience share
For
the Years Ended December 31, US$ 000s
Movement
Movement
2009
2008
%
Act1
%
Lfl2
2008
2007
%
Act1
%
Lfl2
Spot
revenues
$
97,894
$
122,527
201
%
177
%
$
122,527
$
106,445
151
%
10
%
Non-spot
revenues
9,462
10,165
69
%
40
%
10,165
4,094
1483
%
1152
%
Net
Revenues
$
107,356
$
132,692
191
%
167
%
$
132,692
$
110,539
200
%
53
%
Represented
by
Broadcast
operations
$
106,479
$
132,367
196
%
171
%
$
132,367
$
110,158
202
%
54
%
Internet
operations
877
325
1698
%
1682
%
325
381
147
%
267
%
Content
operations
-
-
-
%
-
%
-
-
-
%
-
%
Net
Revenues
$
107,356
$
132,692
191
%
167
%
$
132,692
$
110,539
200
%
53
%
1
Actual %Act reflects the percentage change between two years.
2 Like
for Like %Lfl or constant currency reflects the impact of applying the
current period average exchange rates to the prior period revenues and
costs.
Spot
revenues decreased in 2009 compared to 2008 predominantly due to the
deterioration of the economy and the resulting decline in the television
advertising market. The strengthening of the dollar against the Euro, the
currency in which our sales are denominated, also contributed to the decline in
revenues.
In
constant currency, we experienced a decrease in spot revenues primarily due to a
lower volume of GRPs sold as our ratings declined and a decrease in our pricing,
particularly in the fourth quarter, to remain competitive in the declining
television advertising market. Demand for advertising from the financial and the
automotive sectors remained at a similar level to 2008, while demand from the
FMCG, pharmaceutical and telecommunications sectors remain in
decline.
Non-spot
revenues decreased in 2009 compared to 2008 primarily due to lower sponsorship
revenues throughout the year as a result of changes to our program schedule.
This trend partly reversed in the fourth quarter as a result of the program
Czech-Slovak Superstar.
Page
82
Table of Contents
EBITDA
Performance
For
the Years Ended December 31, US$ 000s
Movement
Movement
2009
2008
%
Act1
%
Lfl2
2008
2007
%
Act1
%
Lfl2
EBITDA
$
13,880
$
50,228
724
%
721
%
$
50,228
$
41,532
209
%
76
%
Represented
by
Broadcast
operations
$
15,156
$
51,452
705
%
702
%
$
51,452
$
41,957
226
%
90
%
Internet
operations
1,276
1,224
42
%
92
%
1,224
425
1880
%
1407
%
Content
operations
-
-
-
%
-
%
-
-
-
%
-
%
EBITDA
$
13,880
$
50,228
724
%
721
%
$
50,228
$
41,532
209
%
76
%
EBITDA
Margin
13
%
38
%
25
%
26
%
38
%
38
%
0
%
1
%
1
Actual %Act reflects the percentage change between two years.
2 Like
for Like %Lfl or constant currency reflects the impact of applying the
current period average exchange rates to the prior period revenues and
costs.
Our
Slovak Republic operations EBITDA decline resulted primarily from declining
revenues and an increase in costs resulting from:
a
23% increase in the cost of programming compared to 2008, reflecting the
higher cost of foreign acquired programming, the additional programming
costs of US$ 16 million relates to the launch of DOMA and our schedule
including a higher proportion local fiction in 2009 than in
2008;
a
5% increase in other operating costs compared to 2008, primarily due to
increased staff-related costs, as savings from reductions in headcount
following a redundancy program in the first quarter were more than offset
by increases in internet staff-related costs;
and
a
21% increase in selling, general and administrative expenses compared to
2008, reflecting payments made to the Slovak Audiovisual Fund and
marketing costs relating to the launch of
DOMA.
Total
costs increased by 18% compared to 2008, and when taken together with the
decline in revenues described above, our Slovak Republic operations experienced
a significant decline in their EBITDA margin compared to 2008.
F
SLOVENIA
Macro
economic environment and local advertising markets
We
estimate that the television advertising market declined by between 18% and 20%
in 2009 due to the global economic crisis and the resulting uncertainty among
advertisers.We currently expect modest recovery in the second half
of 2010 leading to growth in the television advertising market of between 3% and
5% for the full year, with anticipated growth in the pharmaceutical, FMCG,
telecommunication and financial sectors.
The
exchange rate between the dollar and the Euro, the functional currency of our
Slovenia operations, varies considerably from period to period. The average
exchange rate of the dollar to the Euro in 2009 appreciated by 5% compared to
2008.
Page
83
Table of Contents
Audience
Share and Ratings Performance
For
advertising sales purposes, each of POP TVs, KANAL As and TV PIKAs target
audience is the 18-49 demographic and audience data shown below for these
channels is on this basis:
For
the Years Ended December 31,
2009
20081
Movement
2008
2007
Movement
All
day audience share
396
%
400
%
04
%
400
%
402
%
02
%
All
day ratings
37
%
38
%
01
%
37
%
39
%
02
%
Prime
time audience share
488
%
474
%
14
%
474
%
478
%
04
%
Prime
time ratings
119
%
116
%
03
%
116
%
119
%
03
%
1
excluding TV PIKA
Our major
competitors are the two channels operated by the public broadcaster, SLO1 and
SLO2, with all day audience shares for the year ended December 31, 2009 of 135%
and 78%, respectively, and privately owned broadcaster TV3, with an all day
audience share of 76%.
Prime
time audience share for SLO 2 increased from 62% to 70% and TV3 increased from
65% in 2008 to 70% in 2009.The prime time audience shares of SLO 1
decreased from 189% to 160%.
The
combined prime time ratings for our Slovenia operations were 119% in 2009
compared to 116% in 2008.Total prime time ratings for the market
remained steady at 246% both in 2008 and 2009.
Our
Slovenia operations experienced an increase in prime time audience share in
2009.We were able to mitigate the effects of the absence of Big
Brother and Deal or No Deal in the first half and the public affairs show
Frictions in second half of 2009 with the continued popularity of our
innovative local programming, with Celebrity Farm, Can U Dig It?! and
Neighbours, delivering strong average prime time audience shares of 529 367% and 420%, respectively. Our news program, 24 ur, continues to perform
well delivering an average prime time audience share of 447%.
During
the three months ended December 31, 2009, our combined prime time audience share
increased to 545% from 510% in the same period in 2008 and included the prime
time audience share of TV PIKA of 11%. The prime time audience share of TV3 and
SLO2 increased from 64% to 65% and from 51% to 63% over the same period
respectively, while the prime time audience share of SLO 1 declined to 136%
from 181%.
Our
internet sites delivered a 688% increase in unique daily users in 2009 compared
to 2008. Of this increase, 437% originated from our 24ur.com website, the most
visited website in Slovenia: with over 07 million unique visitors and over 115
million page impressions per month.
Page
84
Table of Contents
Monetization
of audience share
For
the Years Ended December 31, US$ 000s
Movement
Movement
2009
2008
%
Act1
%
Lfl2
2008
2007
%
Act1
%
Lfl2
Spot
revenues
$
59,011
$
69,497
151
%
111
%
$
69,497
$
60,559
148
%
84
%
Non-spot
revenues
7,699
11,200
313
%
269
%
11,200
9,088
232
%
186
%
Segment
Net Revenues
$
66,710
$
80,697
173
%
133
%
$
80,697
$
69,647
159
%
97
%
Represented
by
Broadcast
operations
$
63,385
$
75,963
166
%
126
%
$
75,963
$
67,574
124
%
65
%
Internet
operations
3,325
4,734
298
%
248
%
4,734
2,073
1284
%
1142
%
Content
operations
-
-
-
%
-
%
-
-
-
%
-
%
Segment
Net Revenues
$
66,710
$
80,697
173
%
133
%
$
80,697
$
69,647
159
%
97
%
1
Actual %Act reflects the percentage change between two years.
2 Like
for Like %Lfl or constant currency reflects the impact of applying the
current period average exchange rates to the prior period revenues and
costs.
Spot
revenues decreased in 2009 compared to 2008, both as a result of the decline in
the advertising market as well as a result of the strengthening of the dollar
against the Euro, the currency in which our sales are denominated.
In
constant currency, we experienced a decrease in spot revenues due to a
combination of decreased spending from existing customers and lower pricing.
Although the volume of GRPs sold during 2009 was marginally above that sold in
2008, we were unable to maintain our pricing and as a result our spot revenues
decreased.
Non-spot
revenues decreased primarily due to lower sponsorship and lower telephone voting
revenues in 2009 compared to 2008 due to changes in our programming
schedule.
EBITDA
Performance
For
the Years Ended December 31, US$ 000s
Movement
Movement
2009
2008
%
Act1
%
Lfl2
2008
2007
%
Act1
%
Lfl2
EBITDA
$
17,822
$
25,413
299
%
272
%
$
25,413
$
22,767
116
%
71
%
Represented
by
Broadcast
operations
$
17,551
$
24,620
287
%
254
%
$
24,620
$
24,249
15
%
22
%
Internet
operations
271
793
658
%
710
%
793
1,482
1535
%
1548
%
Content
operations
-
-
-
%
-
%
-
-
-
%
-
%
EBITDA
$
17,822
$
25,413
299
%
272
%
$
25,413
$
22,767
116
%
71
%
EBITDA
Margin
27
%
31
%
4
%
5
%
31
%
33
%
2
%
1
%
1
Actual %Act reflects the percentage change between two years.
2 Like
for Like %Lfl or constant currency reflects the impact of applying the
current period average exchange rates to the prior period revenues and
costs.
Page
85
Table of Contents
Total
costs charged in arriving at EBITDA decreased 7% in 2009 compared to 2008,
reflecting:
a
3% decrease in the cost of programming compared to 2008, reflecting a
reduction in the proportion of locally produced programming in our
schedule partially offset by the higher cost of acquired programming,
particularly in the first half of
2009;
a
decrease of 11% in other operating costs compared to 2008, primarily due
to lower staff-related costs, offset by the initial redundancy-related
costs reflected in the first quarter of 2009 and higher fees paid for
digital transmission as a result of broadcasting our channels in DVB-T;
and
a
14% decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses compared to
2008, primarily due to lower marketing and travel
expenses.
Despite
the decrease in total costs, our Slovenia operations experienced a decline in
EBITDA as a result of the reduction in revenue described above.
G
UKRAINE
In
January 2010, we entered into an agreement to sell 100% of our interest in our
Ukraine operations to Igor Kolomoisky, a shareholder and member of our board of
directors, for a cash consideration of US$ 3000 million plus the reimbursement
of cash operating costs between signing and closing estimated to be US$ 190
million. Closing of the transaction is expected to occur in April 2010. See Item
8, Note 22 Related Party Transactions for more details.
Macro
economic environment and local advertising markets
We
estimate that the local television advertising market declined between 28% and
30% in 2009 due to the global economic crisis and the resulting uncertainty
among advertisers. However, we currently expect the television advertising
market to increase by approximately 18% to 22% in 2010.
The
exchange rate between the dollar and the Ukrainian Hryvna, the functional
currency of our Ukraine operations since January 1, 2009, varies considerably
from period to period. The average exchange rates of the dollar to the Ukrainian
Hyrvna in 2009 appreciated by 55% compared to 2008. The functional currency of
our Ukraine operations changed from the dollar to the Hryvna with effect from
January 1, 2009. As a result, we do not apply the current period average
exchange rate to the prior period revenues and costs.
Audience
Share and Ratings Performance
For
advertising sales purposes, STUDIO 1+1 and KINOs target audience is the 18-54
demographic and the audience data is shown below for these channels is on this
basis.
For
the Years Ended December 31,
2009
2008
Movement
2008
2007
Movement
All
day audience share
99
%
117
%
18
%
117
%
158
%
41
%
All
day ratings
14
%
15
%
01
%
15
%
20
%
05
%
Prime
time audience share
122
%
130
%
08
%
130
%
182
%
52
%
Prime
time ratings
40
%
42
%
02
%
42
%
59
%
17
%
Our main
competitors include Inter, with an all day audience share for 2009 of 134 Novy Kanal with 104%, ICTV with 90% and STB with 95 respectively.
Page
86
Table of Contents
Prime
time audience share for Inter decreased from 198% for 2008 to 155% for 2009,
while the prime time audience shares of Novy Kanal, ICTV and STB increased from
107% to 118%, from 91% to 92% and from 83% to 93 respectively.
Prime
time ratings for STUDIO 1+1 decreased to 38% in 2009 from 40% in
2008.Prime time ratings in the Ukraine market increased from 322%
in 2008 to 329% in 2009.
We have
continued to restructure our operating processes and have reduced the headcount
and our overall cost base significantly compared to the same period of
2008.We completed the buyout of our minority partners in KINO during
the first quarter and have fully integrated the channel into the operations of
STUDIO 1+1.
During
the three months ended December 31, 2009, the prime time audience share of
STUDIO 1+1 increased to 113% from 110% compared to 2008. Inters prime time
audience share decreased to 149% from 164% in the same period also the prime
time shares of ICTV and Novy Kanal decreased to 89% from 94% and from 129% to
124%, respectively.
Our
internet operations continued to grow in terms of audience from 21 thousand in
the year ended December 31, 2008 to 62 thousand in the year ended December 31,
2009 mainly due to general news portal TSN.UA and 1PLUS1.UA.
The
number of daily page impressions increased from 116 thousand in 2008 to 233
thousand in the year ended December 31,2009.
Monetization
of audience share
For
the Years Ended December 31, US$ 000s
Movement
Movement
2009
2008
%
Act1
%
Lfl2
2008
2007
%
Act1
%
Lfl2
Spot
revenues
$
25,746
$
82,480
688
%
688
%
$
82,480
$
103,111
200
%
200
%
Non-spot
revenues
6,287
16,978
630
%
630
%
16,978
23,727
284
%
284
%
Net
Revenues
$
32,033
$
99,458
678
%
678
%
$
99,458
$
126,838
216
%
216
%
Represented
by
Broadcast
operations
$
31,850
$
99,359
679
%
679
%
$
99,359
$
126,838
217
%
217
%
Internet
operations
183
99
848
%
848
%
99
-
-
%
-
%
Content
operations
-
-
-
%
-
%
-
-
-
%
-
%
Net
Revenues
$
32,033
$
99,458
678
%
678
%
$
99,458
$
126,838
216
%
216
%
1
Actual %Act reflects the percentage change between two years.
2 The
functional currency of our Ukraine Studio 1+1 operations is the
dollar.
Our
Ukraine operations experienced a significant decrease in net revenues in 2009 as
they continued to face a combination of the significant decline in the
television advertising market described above and strong competition from the
sales house Inter-Reklama, which controls the majority of inventory in the
television market. Furthermore, the strengthening of the dollar against the
Ukrainian Hryvna, the currency in which our sales are now denominated, has
reduced our revenue in dollars. The decrease in our revenues has in part been
offset by revenues of US$ 78 million associated with the Presidential
elections.
Page
87
Table of Contents
Non-spot
revenues primarily comprised of sponsorship sales which have broadly declined in
line with the decline in advertising market.
EBITDA
Performance
For
the Years Ended December 31, US$ 000s
Movement
Movement
2009
2008
%
Act1
%
Lfl2
2008
2007
%
Act1
%
Lfl2
EBITDA
$
40,471
$
34,799
163
%
163
%
$
34,799
$
23,464
2483
%
2483
%
Represented
by
Broadcast
operations
$
39,498
$
33,140
192
%
192
%
$
33,140
$
23,991
2381
%
2381
%
Internet
operations
973
1,659
414
%
414
%
1,659
527
2148
%
2148
%
Content
operations
-
-
-
%
-
%
-
-
-
%
-
%
EBITDA
$
40,471
$
34,799
163
%
163
%
$
34,799
$
23,464
2483
%
2483
%
EBITDA
Margin
126
%
35
%
91
%
91
%
35
%
18
%
53
%
53
%
1
Actual %Act reflects the percentage change between two periods.
2 The
functional currency of our Ukraine operations changed from the dollar to the
Hryvna with effect from January 1, 2009. We therefore do not apply the current
period average exchange rates to the prior period revenues and
costs.
Our
Ukraine operations EBITDA decline is primarily a result of a decline in
revenues which significantly outweighed the following cost
decreases:
a
47% decrease in the cost of programming compared to 2008 due to the
implementation of a lower cost schedule and a reduction in the size of the
library following the significant accelerated amortization charges in
2008;
a
25% decrease in other operating costs compared to 2008 primarily due to a
reduction in headcount; and
a
69% decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses compared in
2008 primarily due to lower office
overheads.
Total
costs charged in arriving at EBITDA decreased 46% compared to 2008, however our
Ukraine operations experienced a significant decline in EBITDA as a result of
the weak market conditions.
H
MEDIA PRO ENTERTAINMENT
We
acquired the Media Pro Entertainment businesses on December 9, 2009 from
companies controlled by Adrian Sarbu see Item 8, Note 3 Acquisitions and
Disposals: Media Pro Entertainment. The acquisition of Media Pro Entertainment
provides us with a unique opportunity to become a significant player in the
content business and beyond. We will integrate the acquired assets with our
existing production assets in each country to create a dedicated content
division with operations in all our countries, which will be known as the Media
Pro Entertainment division.
In common
with the new Media Pro Entertainment division, the Media Pro Entertainment
businesses we acquired are organized by business activity as
follows:
Fiction:
the Media Pro Entertainment fiction businesses are one of the largest producers
of television, feature film and advertising content in Central and Eastern
Europe. In 2009, they produced 476 hours of original television content spanning
a number of genres from telenovellas to sitcoms and drama and 3 feature films in
the Czech, Romanian and English languages and 30 television commercials. In
addition, there is a library of 2,450 hours of formats and finished content and
22 feature films that we intend to exploit both inside and outside our current
markets.
Page
88
Table of Contents
Production
Services: the Media Pro Entertainment businesses own studio and other production
facilities of approximately 500 thousand square feet including 19 sound stages,
a backlot and workshops that have been used to produce a number of international
movies. The production services operations provide a full range of services
including studio spaces, set design and construction, camera, lighting, grip
equipment, visual effects, costumes and post production services, both to
internal clients and international productions. During 2009, these operations
provided approximately US$ 35 million of services to international productions,
US$ 100 million of services to productions made for CME channels and US$ 22
million of services to third party Romanian clients.
Distribution
and Exhibition: the distribution and exhibition operations acquire rights to
international film and television content and distributes them both to third
party clients and our own broadcasters. In addition to television broadcast
rights, other rights, including those for theatrical exhibition and home video
are also sold. At December 31, 2009 the operations owned a library of
approximately 1,200 titles of film content, of which approximately 500 were sold
during the year. In Romania, Media Pro Entertainment also owns and operates 16
cinema screens, including Romanias first multiplex operation. In 2009, these
operations generated approximately 14 million admissions, making it the second
largest cinema operator in Romania. In addition, a home video distribution sells
DVD and Blu Ray discs to wholesale and retail clients both in Romania and
Hungary. In 2009, approximately 30 million units were sold.
The
acquisition of the Media Pro Entertainment businesses and the creation of the
Media Pro Entertainment division reflect the increasing importance of locally
generated content in our markets. As distribution platforms become more
fragmented the importance of controlling high-quality, popular local content
becomes more important in safeguarding market share and allowing us to diversify
our revenue streams. We also believe that sharing of content production
resources will bring significant benefits. We will seek to leverage the creative
talent across the Media Pro Entertainment division in order to develop
high-quality original formats that can be adapted in multiple countries, to
extract more value from our existing library of formats and to pool the
expertise of our production professionals in each market.
Operating
the Media Pro Entertainment division across all countries will also enable us to
share production equipment and facilities in the most efficient way possible in
order to lower the unit cost of production at a time when we are seeing
increasing competition for popular content causing high levels of price
inflation.
We expect
that Media Pro Entertainment will also generate additional third party revenues
through the sale of production services to independent film-makers and extract
additional value from our own library of produced content through the sale of
international broadcast rights to third parties outside the countries in which
we operate in addition to expected third party revenues generated by enlarging
our distribution and exhibition operations.
As we
complete the integration of the businesses acquired into the new Media Pro
Entertainment division, and reflect a full year of results for all operations,
we expect that the results of operations will be significantly
enlarged.
Page
89
Table of Contents
ROMANIA
MEDIA PRO ENTERTAINMENT FINANCIAL INFORMATION
For
the period since 
acquisition
to 
December31,2009
US$
000 1
Content
revenues
$
5,396
Net
Revenues
$
5,396
Represented
by
Content
operations
$
5,396
Net
Revenues
$
5,396
1We
acquired Media Pro Entertainment on December 9, 2009.
EBITDA
Performance
ROMANIA
MEDIA PRO ENTERTAINMENT FINANCIAL INFORMATION
For
the period since 
acquisition
to 
December
31, 2009
US$
000 1
EBITDA
$
266
Represented
by
Content
operations
$
266
EBITDA
$
266
EBITDA
Margin
Nm2
1We
acquired Media Pro Entertainment on December 9, 2009.
2
Number is not meaningful.
V.
Consolidated Balance Sheet as at December 31, 2009 compared to December 31,
2008
The
principal components of our Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2009
compared to December 31, 2008 are summarized below:
US$
000s
December
31, 2009
December
31, 2008
Movement
Current
assets
$
829,805
$
494,756
677
%
Non-current
assets
2,042,982
1,911,860
69
%
Current
liabilities
349,723
228,673
529
%
Non-current
liabilities
1,351,224
1,079,498
252
%
CME
Ltd. shareholders equity
$
1,177,589
$
1,095,258
75
%
Noncontrolling
interests in consolidated subsidiaries
5,749
3,187
2804
%
Page
90
Table of Contents
Current
assets:Current assets at December 31, 2009 increased US$
3350 million compared to December 31, 2008, primarily as a result of an
increase of US$ 3511 million in our cash and cash equivalents, as we drew our
unutilized revolving credit facilities in the first quarter, received net
proceeds of approximately $2344 million from the issuance of equity to an
affiliate of Time Warner and received net cash for general corporate purposes of
EUR 457 million approximately US$ 669 million from the issuance of the 2009
Fixed Rate Notes after the redemption of the 2005 Fixed Rate Notes and the
repayment of the EBRD Loan.
Non-current
assets:Non-current assets at December 31, 2009 increased US$
1311 million compared to December 31, 2008, primarily as a result of a higher
level of investment in program rights and increases in the dollar carrying value
of CZK-denominated goodwill in our Czech Republic operations caused by the
weakening of the dollar and recognition of US$ 460 million of goodwill at
acquistion of Media Pro Entertainment, partially offset by an impairment charge
of US$ 818 million relating to long-lived assets in Bulgaria.
Current
liabilities:Current liabilities at December 31, 2009
increased by US$ 1210 million compared to December 31, 2008 as a result of
having drawn our unutilized revolving credit facilities in the Czech Republic
and Slovenia.
Non-current
liabilities:Non-current liabilities at December 31, 2009
increased US$ 2717 million compared to December 31, 2008, primarily as a result
of additional borrowings after issuing our 2009 Fixed Rate Notes and repaying
the EBRD Loan and our 2005 Fixed Rate Notes. The movement also reflects a US$
195 million increase in the carrying value of our Convertible Notes as a result
of the accretion of the debt issuance discount recognized under FSP APB 14-1
ASC 470.
CME Ltd. Shareholders
Equity:CME Ltd Shareholders Equity at December 31, 2009
increased US$ 823 million compared to December 31, 2008, primarily as a result
of the issuance of equity to an affiliate of Time Warner for net proceeds of US$
2344 million and the issuance of 22 million shares of our Class A common stock
and warrants to purchase 850,000 shares of Class A common stock in connection
with the acquisition of Media Pro Entertainment. We also recognized a reduction
in Other Comprehensive Income of US$ 1062 million, as a result of the impact of
the strengthening in the dollar in total against our foreign currency
denominated assets, a net loss of US$ 972 million for the year ended December
31, 2009, a reduction in equity of US$ 241 million in connection with our
acquisition of noncontrolling interest and a stock-based compensation charge of
US$ 62 million.
Noncontrolling interests in
consolidated subsidiaries:Noncontrolling interests in
consolidated subsidiaries at December 31, 2009 decreased US$ 89 million
compared to December 31, 2008 primarily due to losses of our Bulgaria operations
offset by newly acquired noncontrolling interest of Media Pro
Entertainment.
Page
91
Table of Contents
VI.Liquidity
and Capital Resources
VI
a Summary of cash flows:
Cash and
cash equivalents increased by US$ 3511million during the year
ended December 31, 2009.The change in cash and cash equivalents is
summarized as follows:
US$
000s
For
the Years Ended December 31,
2009
2008
2007
Net
cash used in/ generated from continuing operating
activities
$
31,806
$
135,555
$
106,695
Net
cash used in continuing investing activities
99,163
588,798
235,898
Net
cash received from financing activities
474,855
444,558
135,530
Net
cash used in discontinued operations-operating activities
1,294
4,920
6,001
Net
cash used in discontinued operations-investing activities
-
495
1,520
Impact
of exchange rate fluctuations on cash
8,504
21,279
1,896
Net
increase / decreasein cash and cash
equivalents
$
351,096
$
35,379
$
3,090
Operating
Activities
Cash
generated from continuing operations decreased from an inflow of US$ 1356
million in 2008 to an outflow of US$ 318 million in 2009, reflecting the cash
needs of our Developing Operations as well as the decline in profitability of
our Core Operations.
Cash
generated from continuing operations increased by US$ 289 million from 2007 to
2008 to US$ 1356 million.Our operations in the Czech Republic and
Romania showed significant increases in cash generation following continued
strong operational performance. These increases more than offset our investment
in Developing Operations.
Investing
Activities
Cash used
in investing activities decreased from US$ 5888 million in 2008 to US$ 992
million in 2009.Our investing cash flows in 2009 primarily comprised
of US$ 228 million paid in connection with the KINO buyout, US$ 100 million
paid in connection with our acquisition of Media Pro Entertainment see Item 8,
Note 3, Acquisitions and Disposals and capital expenditure of US$ 501
million.
The cash
flows used in investing activities ofUS$ 5888 million in 2008
included the purchases of our investments in our Bulgaria operations and our
400% interest in the Studio 1+1 group and capital expenditures of US$ 787
million, largely in respect of the expansion of our broadcasting facilities and
equipment in the Czech Republic, Romania and the Slovak Republic.
Our
investing activities in 2007 of US$ 2359 million consisted primarily of capital
expenditure of US$ 799 million largely in respect of the expansion of our
broadcasting facilities and equipment in the Czech Republic and Romania and the
purchase of increased interests in our Slovak Republic, Romania and Ukraine
operations.
Page
92
Table of Contents
Financing
Activities
Net cash
received from financing activities increased US$ 303 million from 2008 to US$
4749 million in 2009.The amount of cash received in 2009
reflects:
the
issuance of 145 million shares of Class Acommon stock and 45
million shares of Class B common stock to an affiliate of Time Warner for
an aggregate offering price of US$ 2344 million, net of fees paid;
and
the
drawdown of our revolving credit facilities to maximize liquidity and the
issuance of EUR 4400 million net of fees approximately US$ 6339
million, net of fees of our 2009 Fixed Rate
Notes,
offset
by:
payments
of approximately US$ 3711 million to repurchase our EUR 2450 million
2005 Fixed Rate Notes representing the redemption price and related fees;
and
the
repayment of EUR 1275 million approximately US$ 1873 million at the
date of repayment outstanding on the EBRD
Loan.
The
amount of cash received in 2008 reflects the net proceeds of US$ 4003 million
from the issuance of Convertible Notes and purchase of the Capped Call Options
as defined below, US$ 374 million of proceeds from the EBRD Loan and US$ 227
million of drawings on the BMG cash pool.
Our
financing cash flows in 2007 primarily comprised net proceeds of US$ 1994
million from the issuance of the Floating Rate Notes and US$ 1099 million from
the issuance of 1,275,227 unregistered shares of Class ACommon Stock to
Igor Kolomoisky, partially offset by payment of EUR 1275 million approximately
US$ 1690 million at the date of payment to redeem our floating rate notes due
2012.
Discontinued
Operations
In 2009,
we paid taxes of US$ 10 million to the Dutch tax authorities pursuant to an
agreement we entered into with them on February 9, 2004, compared to US$ 20
million in 2008 and US$ 22 million in 2007.
The CITI
channel had cash outflows of US$ 03 million in the period until disposal in
February 2009, compared to US$ 34 million in 2008 and US$ 53 million in
2007.
VI
b Sources and Uses of Cash
We
believe that our current cash resources are sufficient to allow us to continue
operating for at least the next 12 months and we do not anticipate requirements
for additional cash in the near future, subject to the matters disclosed under
Contractual Obligations and Commitments and Cash Outlook below.
Our
ongoing source of cash at our operations is primarily the receipt of payments
from advertisers and advertising agencies. This may be supplemented from time to
time by local borrowing. Surplus cash after funding the ongoing operations may
be remitted to us.Surplus cash is remitted to us in the form of debt
interest payments and capital repayments, dividends, and other distributions and
loans from our subsidiaries.
Page
93
Table of Contents
Corporate
law in the Central and Eastern European countries in which we operate stipulates
generally that dividends may be declared by the partners or shareholders out of
yearly profits subject to the maintenance of registered capital and required
reserves, after the recovery of accumulated losses.
The
reserve requirement restriction generally provides that before dividends may be
distributed, a portion of annual net profits typically 5% be allocated to a
reserve, which reserve is capped at a proportion of the registered capital of a
company ranging from 5% to 25%.The restricted net assets of our
consolidated subsidiaries and equity in earnings of investments accounted for
under the equity method together are less than 25% of consolidated net
assets.
VI
c Contractual Obligations and Commitments
Our
future contractual obligations as of December 31, 2009 are as
follows:
Contractual
Obligations
Payments
due by period US$ 000s
Total
Less
than 1 year
1-3
years
3-5
years
More
than 5 years
Long-Term
Debt principal
$
1,444,284
$
116,617
$
217
$
691,567
$
635,883
Long-Term
Debt interest 1
534,633
123,903
191,929
160,466
58,335
Capital
Lease Obligations
6,801
1,465
2,324
930
2,082
Operating
Leases
36,916
7,267
9,474
7,442
12,733
Unconditional
Purchase Obligations
512,805
156,253
289,630
60,997
5,925
Other
Long-Term Obligations
1,163
1,163
-
-
-
FIN
48 ASC 740 obligations
851
27
824
-
-
Deferred
consideration
1,614
1,614
-
-
-
Total
Contractual Obligations
$
2,539,067
$
408,309
$
494,398
$
921,402
$
714,958
1
Interest obligations on variable rate debt are calculated using the rate
applicable at the balance sheet date.
Long-Term
Debt
As at
December 31, 2009, we had the following debt outstanding by carrying
value:
December
31, 2009
US$
000s
Corporate
1
4
$
1,253,928
Czech
Republic
5
7
78,942
Slovenia
8
37,675
Romania
Media Pro Entertainment
9
1,374
Total
$
1,371,919
1
As
at December 31, 2009 we had EUR 590 million approximately US$ 8500
million of Senior Notes outstanding, comprising EUR 4400 million
approximately US$ 6339 million of the 2009 Fixed Rate Notes and EUR
1500 million approximately US$ 2161 million of theFloating
Rate Notes, which bear interest at nine-month Euro Inter-Bank Offered Rate
EURIBOR plus 1625%. The applicable rate at December 31, 2009 was
262%.
The
Senior Notes are secured senior obligations and rank pari passu with all
existing and future senior indebtedness and are effectively subordinated to all
existing and future indebtedness of our subsidiaries.The amounts
outstanding are guaranteed by certain of our subsidiaries and are secured by a
pledge of shares of these subsidiaries and an assignment of certain contractual
rights.The terms of the Senior Notes restrict the manner in which
our business is conducted, including the incurrence of additional interest
obligations, the making of investments, the payment of dividends or the making
of other distributions, entering into certain affiliate transactions and the
sale of assets.
Page
94
Table of Contents
In the
event that A there is a change in control by which i any party other than
certain of our present shareholders becomes the beneficial owner of more than
350% of our total voting power; ii we agree to sell substantially all of our
operating assets; or iii there is a change in the composition of a majority of
our Board of Directors; and B on the 60th day following any such change of
control the rating of the Senior Notes is either withdrawn or downgraded from
the rating in effect prior to the announcement of such change of control, we can
be required to repurchase the Senior Notes at a purchase price in cash equal to
1010% of the principal amount of the Senior Notes plus accrued and unpaid
interest to the date of purchase.
At any
time after September 15, 2013, we may redeem all or a part of the 2009 Fixed
Rate Notes at a redemption price equal to 1000% of the principal amount of such
notes, plus a make-whole premium and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to
the redemption date.
As of
December 31, 2009, Standard Poors SP senior unsecured debt
rating for our Senior Notes was B- and was B- with a negative outlook for our
corporate credit. As of December 31, 2009, Moodys Investors Services
Moodys senior unsecured debt rating for our Senior Notes and our corporate
credit rating was B2 with a negative outlook.
2
As
of December 31, 2009 we had US$ 4750 million principal amount of
Convertible Notes outstanding that mature on March 15,
2013.Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on each
March 15 and September 15.
The
Convertible Notes are secured senior obligations and rank pari passu with all
existing and future senior indebtedness and are effectively subordinated to all
existing and future indebtedness of our subsidiaries. The amounts outstanding
are guaranteed by two subsidiary holding companies and are secured by a pledge
of shares of those subsidiaries as well as an assignment of certain contractual
rights.
3
On
July 21, 2006, we entered into a five-year revolving loan agreement for
EUR 1000 million approximately US$ 1441 million arranged by the
European Bank for Reconstruction and Development EBRD and on August
22, 2007, we entered into a second revolving loan agreement for EUR 500
million approximately US$ 720 million arranged by EBRD together with
the EUR 1000 million facility, the EBRD Loan.ING Bank N.V.
ING and Ceska Sporitelna, a.s. CS each participated in the EBRD
Loan for EUR 375 million approximately US$ 540 million. On September
17, 2009 we repaid the full aggregate principal amount of EUR 1275
million approximately US$ 1873 million at the date of repayment
outstanding and simultaneously terminated both agreements. In connection
with extinguishing these facilities, we incurred repayment charges and
other costs of US$ 06 million. We also wrote off all remaining
capitalized issuance costs and these charges were recognized as a loss on
extinguishment within interest
expense.
4
We
have an uncommitted multicurrency overdraft facility for EUR 50 million
approximately US$ 72 million from Bank Mendes Gans BMG, a
subsidiary of ING, as part of a cash pooling arrangement. The cash pooling
arrangement with BMG enables us to receive credit across the group in
respect of cash balances which our subsidiaries in the Netherlands,
Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, Romania, the Slovak Republic, Slovenia and
Ukraine deposit with BMG. Cash deposited by our subsidiaries with BMG is
pledged as security against the drawings of other subsidiaries up to the
amount deposited.Interest is payable at the relevant money
market rate plus 2%. Because each of our subsidiaries holds its own
account in its own name with BMG, we consider our drawings on BMG, as
debt, although our overall balance with BMG is currently positive. The
overdraft facility allows us to have an overall net debit balance with BMG
of up to EUR 50 million. As of December 31, 2009, the full EUR 50
million approximately US$ 72 million facility was available to be
drawn.
Page
95
Table of Contents
As of
December 31, 2009, the net deposits and drawing of each of our operations in the
BMG cash pool was as follows:
Net
Deposits
Net
Drawings
Corporate
$
7,237
$
-
Czech
Republic
38
-
Slovakia
3,299
-
Slovenia
-
5,234
Ukraine
297
-
Total
$
10,871
$
5,234
5
As
of December 31, 2009, CET 21 had drawn, in CZK, the full CZK 12 billion
approximately US$ 653 million of a credit facility with CS available
until December 31, 2010.This facility may, at the option of
CET 21, be drawn in CZK, US$ or EUR and bears interest at the three-month,
six-month or twelve-month London Inter-Bank Offer Rate LIBOR, EURIBOR
or Prague Inter-Bank Offered Rate PRIBOR rate plus 165%; a rate of
319% applied to the balance outstanding at December 31, 2009 and is based
on PRIBOR. A non-utilization fee of 025% is payable on the undrawn
portion of this facility, which decreases to 0125% of the undrawn portion
if more than 50% of the loan is drawn. Drawings under this facility are
secured by a pledge of receivables, which are also subject to a factoring
arrangement with Factoring Ceska Sporitelna, a.s. FCS, a subsidiary of
CS.
6
CET
21 has a working capital credit facility of CZK 2500 million
approximately US$ 136 million with CS, which matures on December 31,
2010.This working capital facility bears interest at the
three-month PRIBOR rate plus 165%. The applicable rate at December 31,
2009 was 319%. This facility is secured by a pledge of receivables, which
are also subject to a factoring arrangement with CS.As at
December 31, 2009, the full CZK 2500 million approximately US$ 136
million was drawn under this
facility.
7
As
at December 31, 2009, there were no drawings under a CZK 3000 million
approximately US$ 163 million factoring facility with
CS.This facility is available until June 30, 2011 and bears
interest at the rate of one-month PRIBOR plus 140% for the period that
actively assigned accounts receivable are
outstanding.
8
In
July 2005, Pro Plus entered into a revolving five-year facility agreement
for up to EUR 375 million approximately US$ 540 million in aggregate
principal amount with ING, Nova Ljubljanska Banka d.d., Ljubljana and Bank
Austria Creditanstalt d.d., Ljubljana.The facility
availability amortizes by 100% each year for four years commencing one
year after signing, with 600% repayable after five years.This
facility is secured by a pledge of the bank accounts of Pro Plus, the
assignment of certain receivables, a pledge of our interest in Pro Plus
and a guarantee of our wholly-owned subsidiary CME Media Enterprises
B.V.Loans drawn under this facility bear interest at a rate of
EURIBOR for the period of drawing plus a margin of between 210% and 360%
that varies according to the ratio of consolidated net debt to
consolidated broadcasting cash flow for Pro Plus.As of
December 31, 2009, the full EUR 225 million approximately US$ 324
million available under this facility was
drawn.
9
At
December 31, 2009, Media Pro Entertainment has an aggregate principal of
RON 80 million approximately US$ 27 million of loans outstanding to
Central National al Cinematografei CNC, a state body which provides
financing for qualifying filmmaking projects. Upon acceptance of a
particular project the CNC awards an agreed level of funding to each
project in the form of an interest free loan. Loans to the CNC are
typically advanced for a period of ten years and are repaid through
exploitation of the film content. At December 31, 2009 we had 11 loans
outstanding to the CNC with maturity dates ranging from 2011 to 2020. The
carrying amount at December 31, 2009 is shown net of a fair value
adjustment to reflect the interest free nature of the loans arising on
acquisition.
Page
96
Table of Contents
Capital
Lease Obligations
Capital
lease obligations include future interest payments of US$ 09
million.For more information on our capital lease obligations see
Item 8, Note 11, Credit Facilities and Obligations under Capital
Leases.
Operating
Leases
For more
information on our operating lease commitments see Item 8, Note 21, Commitments
and Contingencies.
Unconditional
Purchase Obligations
Unconditional
purchase obligations largely comprise future programming
commitments.At December 31, 2009, we had commitments in respect of
future programming of US$ 4955 million December 31, 2008: US$ 2805
million.This includes contracts signed with license periods
starting after December 31, 2009.For more information on our
programming commitments. See Item 8, Note 21, Commitments and
Contingencies.
Other
Long-Term Obligations
In
addition to the amounts disclosed above, Adrian Sarbu, our President and Chief
Executive Officer and member of our Board of Directors, has the right to sell
his 50% shareholdings in each of Pro TV and MPI to us under a put option
agreement entered into in July 2004 at a price to be determined by an
independent valuation, subject to a floor price of US$ 145 million for each
10% interest sold.As of December 31, 2009, we considered the fair
value of the put option of Mr. Sarbu to be approximately US$ nil.
On
December 21, 2009, CET 21 spol. s r.o. CET 21, one of our wholly owned
subsidiaries, entered into a Facility Agreement the Erste Facility for up to CZK 30
billion approximately US$ 1633 million with Erste Group Bank A.G. as
arranger, esk Spoitelna, a.s. CSAS as facility agent and security agent,
and each of CSAS, UniCredit Bank Czech Republic, a.s. and BNP Paribas as
original lenders. We and certain of our subsidiaries, namely CME Slovak Holdings
B.V., CME Media Enterprises B.V., CME Romania B.V. and Markiza-Slovakia, spol.
s.r.o. Markiza, are guarantors under the Erste Facility together, the
Original Guarantors. On February 16, 2010 the aggregate commitment by the
lenders under the Erste Facility to CET 21 increased from CZK 25 billion
approximately US$ 1361 million to CZK 28 billion approximately US$ 1524
million. As of February 24, 2010, CZK 28 billion approximately US$ 1524
million has been drawn. The facility matures on April 30, 2012, subject to a
potential extension of one year. Interest under the facility is calculated at a
rate per annum of 490% above PRIBOR Prague interbank offered rate. As of
February 24, 2010, CET 21 had hedged the interest rate exposure on CZK 15
billion approximately US$ 817 million principal outstanding under the Erste
Facility. The repayment of the loan will commence 12 months from the date of the
Erste Facility, in four semi-annual instalments of 15% each and one instalment
of 40% on the maturity date assuming no extension. CET 21 may be required to
prepay amounts drawn in the event of specified changes of control. The Original
Guarantors have agreed to guarantee the obligations of CET 21 under the Erste
Facility. As security for the facility, CET 21 has pledged substantially all of
its assets, including its 100% ownership interest in CME Slovak Holdings B.V.
which in turn has an ownership interest, directly or indirectly, in 100% of the
registered capital of Markiza and its ownership interest in 100% of the
registered capital of Jyxo, s.r.o. and BLOG Internet, s.r.o. In addition, CME
Investments B.V. has granted security over the receivables under inter-group
loans made to CET 21 and Markiza, respectively. The Erste Facility contains
customary representations, warranties, covenants and events of default. The
covenants include limitations on CET 21s ability to carry out certain types of
transactions, incur additional indebtedness, make disposals and create
liens.
Page
97
Table of Contents
VI
d Cash Outlook
Liquidity
and Capital Resources
Our
principal sources of liquidity are cash from operations, borrowings under our
various debt facilities as well as cash proceeds from subscriptions for our
equity from time to time. The primary source of our cash flows from operations
has been the sale of television advertising, particularly in our Czech Republic,
Romania, Slovak Republic and Slovenia operations. The level of cash our
operations generate in each country is often strongly correlated to the macro
economic performance of that country. While we strive to negotiate spending
commitments with advertisers for long periods, typically one year, advertisers
have reduced spending on advertising in 2009 because demand in the wider economy
has been constrained. This has resulted in us having historically low levels of
committed spending and less visibility of future cash flows.
Since
2005, our Core Operations have in the aggregate generated positive cash flows.
During the difficult economic conditions that we have experienced since the
beginning of 2009, cash flows from those operations have in the aggregate
remained positive although they have declined. Our Developing Operations in
Bulgaria and Ukraine do not generate positive cash flows, and instead require
substantial support as they make investments in programming, people and other
resources. Historically, the cash flows from our Core Operations have been
sufficient, together with issuances of equity and debt, to fund our Core
Operations and our Developing Operations. Currently, the cashflow generated by
our Core Operations is not sufficient to cover the cash needs for the Developing
Operations and our other financial obligations. However, we expect that the cash
generated by our Core Operations combined with our current cash and available
facilities will be sufficient to meet all financial obligations of the group for
the next twelve months.
During
2009, we have focused on ensuring we have a sufficiently strong liquidity
position to enable us to meet all our obligations, withstand any further
reductions in operating cash flows that may be caused by any further declines in
macro economic conditions and ensure we are well placed to take advantage of
economic recovery when it comes.These steps have included targeted
reductions to our operating cost base through headcount reductions and
widespread cost optimization programs, the deferral of capital expenditure and
the rescheduling of expansion plans. In addition to conserving cash, we have
also taken several steps to improve our liquidity position. These steps have
focused both on limiting the amount of cash spent on our Developing Operations
and increasing our cash resources, both through additional debt facilities and
the issuance of equity.
Removing
the need to support our Developing Operations
Our
Developing Operations currently require substantial cash support from our Core
Operations. These operations are not the market leaders in their respective
countries and must incur a disproportionate level of costs in order to build
market share in very competitive environments. Throughout 2009 we have been
actively seeking solutions to reduce this need for cash support.
In the
Ukraine, on January 20, 2010 we entered into an agreement with Igor Kolomoisky
to sell 1000% of our Ukraine operations for US$ 3000 million plus the
reimbursement of cash operating costs that we will incur between signing and
closing, which we estimate will be approximately US$ 190 million. Pursuant to
the agreement, we received an initial instalment of US$ 300 million on February
1, 2010 and expect closing to occur in April 2010.
Page
98
Table of Contents
In
Bulgaria, on February 18, 2010 we entered into an agreement to purchase 1000%
of the bTV group for an aggregate purchase price of US$ 4000 million on a
cash-free and debt-free basis, subject to a working capital adjustment. The
acquisition of the bTV group both provides a source of cash generation for us
and enables us to take advantage of the synergies of combining it with our
existing broadcasting operations to create a leading multi-channel broadcasting
platform. The acquisition of the bTV group will be paid for in cash. Closing is
expected to occur in the second quarter of 2010.
We
currently estimate that the planned disposal of our Ukraine operations, the
acquisition of the bTV group and the restructuring of PRO.BG and RING.BG will
improve our cash flows significantly.
Improving
our liquidity position and extending the maturity of our debt
As of
December 31, 2009, we had US$ 4820 million in available unrestricted cash and
undrawn credit facilities including uncommitted overdraft facilities, gross
debt of US$ 1,4588 million being the aggregate outstanding principal amount of
our debt and net debt of US$ 1,0003 million.
During
2009 we successfully issued EUR 4400 million approximately US$ 6339 million
of fixed rate senior notes in two tranches as described below and used the
majority of the proceeds to repay existing debt in an aggregate principal amount
of EUR 3725 million approximately US$ 5366 million. We received net cash
proceeds of EUR 457 million approximately US$ 669 million at the date of the
transaction from the offerings, which we will use for general corporate
purposes.
More
specifically, on September 17, 2009, we issued EUR 2000 million approximately
US$ 2881 million of 11625% senior notes due 2016 at an issue price of
98261%, and on September 29, 2009 we issued an additional tranche of EUR 2400
million approximately US$ 3457 million of senior fixed rate notes due 2016 at
an issue price of10275%. The 2009 Fixed Rate Notes mature on
September 15, 2016.
On
September 21, 2009 we repurchased a portion of our 2005 Fixed Rate Notes
totaling EUR 632 million approximately US$ 910 million in aggregate
principal amount pursuant to a tender offer. On October 29, 2009 we redeemed the
remaining EUR 1818 million approximately US$ 2619 million aggregate
principal amount of 2005 Fixed Rate Notes outstanding. The 2005 Fixed Rate Notes
had a maturity date of May 15, 2012. In connection with such redemption, the
2005 Indenture was discharged on September 29,
2009.
On
September 17, 2009, we repaid the aggregate principal amount of EUR 1275
million approximately US$ 1873 million at the date of repayment outstanding
under the EBRD Loan and simultaneously terminated the EBRD Loan. In connection
with extinguishing these facilities, we incurred repayment charges and other
costs of US$ 06 million. We also wrote off all remaining capitalized issuance
costs and these charges were recognized as a loss on extinguishment within
interest expense.
Although
the interest costs associated with the 2009 Fixed Rate Notes are substantially
higher than the 2005 Fixed Rate Notes and the EBRD Loan, the benefit of
replacing our 2005 Fixed Rate Notes and the EBRD loan with the 2009 Fixed Rate
Notes, and also in replacing our existing facilities in the Czech Republic, is
twofold. First, the scheduled final maturity of a large portion of our
outstanding debt has been extended from 2011 or 2012 to 2016 in the case of the
Senior Notes and from 2010 to 2012 or possibly 2013 in the case of the Czech
facilities. As of December 31, 2009, the principal amount of our Senior Notes
and Convertible Notes together represented 91% of the total principal amount of
our total debt outstanding and none of this debt matures before March 2013. Our
current debt repayment obligations include CZK 4200 million approximately US$
229 million and EUR 225 million approximately US$ 324 million in 2010, CZK
840 million approximately US$ 457 million and RON 06 million approximately
US$ 02 million in 2011 and CZK 1,540 million approximately US$ 838 million
in 2012.
We do not
have maintenance covenants in any of our senior holding company debt, which
means that there is no event of default if we fail to meet a minimum level of
EBITDA, leverage or any other EBITDA-related ratio. The 2009 Indenture and the
2007 Indenture contain a covenant which restricts the incurrence of additional
debt if our Coverage Ratio is less than 20 times, or if the raising of new debt
would cause us to fall below this ratio. As of December 31, 2009 our Coverage
Ratio was 14 times. Notwithstanding this restriction, we are able to incur debt
at either the Restricted Subsidiary or holding company level, of up to EUR 2500
million approximately US$ 3602 million pursuant to baskets set out in the
2009 Indenture and the 2007 Indenture. At December 31, 2009, our local
facilities in the Czech Republic, Slovenia and Romania accounted for US$ 1192
million of this amount. Following the draw-down of the Erste Facility and
repayment of our CS facility in the Czech Republic , our borrowing under these
baskets will be approximately EUR 1338 million approximately US$ 1928
million. The covenants contained in the Erste Facility are not significantly
more onerous than those contained in the facilities that it will
replace.
Page
99
Table of Contents
On
February 9, 2010, we entered into an interest rate swap agreement with Unicredit
and CS until 2013 to convert CZK 15 billion of the Erste Facility from a
floating rate of 3 month PRIBOR plus margin to a fixed interest rate of 2730%
per annum plus margin. The notional amounts swapped decline in line with the
planned amortisation of the loan and extension option. This reduces the risk of
interest rate volatility affecting our future cashflows, but incurs an
additional expense whilst 3 month PRIBOR remains below 273% 153% at Feb 16,
2010 based on Czech National Bank website data. Forecasts for 3 month PRIBOR
over the next 3 years range up to 4%, with a forecast from the Czech National
bank of 25% for 2011.
Increasing
our financing flexibility
For the
purposes of the 2009 Indenture and the 2007 Indenture, the calculation of the
Coverage Ratio includes only entities that are Restricted Subsidiaries.
Subsidiaries may be designated as Unrestricted Subsidiaries and excluded from
the calculation of Coverage Ratio. Prior to the quarter ended June 30, 2009, all
of our operations were Restricted Subsidiaries. During the quarter ended June
30, 2009, our Board of Directors designated those subsidiaries that comprise our
Developing Operations as Unrestricted Subsidiaries. This change in designation
was immediately beneficial to us because it resulted in the exclusion of the
negative EBITDA of the Developing Operations for the purposes of determining our
capacity to incur indebtedness under our Senior Notes. Similarly, as the cash
flows of our Core Operations recover, our ability to raise additional debt
finance should improve commensurately, unimpeded by any continuing negative
results in our Developing Operations. In addition, Unrestricted Subsidiaries may
be financed in several ways, including by contributing them into minority
interest joint ventures, swapping for minority stakes in other ventures or other
arrangements.
Under the
covenants in the 2009 Indenture and the 2007 Indenture, our Core Operations are
restricted from making payments or investments in total of more than EUR 800
million approximately US$ 1152 millionto our Developing
Operations or to any other operations outside our Core Operations if our
Coverage Ratio is below 20 times. We havemade US$ 347 million of
such payments since we issued our Floating Rate Notes in 2007 and as of December
31, 2009 have capacity for approximately US$ 805 million of additional payments
to or investments in the Developing Operations in the event our Coverage Ratio
continues to be below 20 times. We also designated a wholly owned subsidiary
holding company the Development Financing Holding Company as an Unrestricted
Subsidiary at the time we designated the Developing Operations as Unrestricted
Subsidiaries. The only asset of this entity at December 31, 2009 was US$ 1895
million in cash, which can be used to finance our Developing Operations. At the
time of the designation, we estimated that this amount would be sufficient to
fund our Developing Operations to a break-even cash position. There is no
requirement to maintain a minimum cash balance in this company and the full US$
1895 million of cash remains available to our Core Operations at any time.
However, if some or all of the US$ 1895 million of initial funding is returned
to our Core Operations, unless our Coverage Ratio is above 20 times, the total
additional cash that we are permitted to transfer from Core Operations to the
Developing Operations is restricted to EUR 800 million approximately US$ 1152
million.
If the
Developing Operations exhaust all available cash, it may be possible to
re-designate them as Restricted Subsidiaries provided that our Coverage Ratio is
not below 20 times on a pro forma basis. Our Core Operations are not restricted
in the manner or amount of funding support they provide to the Developing
Operations if the Developing Operations are Restricted Subsidiaries. Such a
re-designation could have adverse consequences on our Coverage Ratio. If a
funding need arises for our Unrestricted Subsidiaries, and we are prevented from
re-designating our Developing Operations as Restricted Subsidiaries, those
operations would be required to raise debt on a stand-alone basis, attract
additional equity funding, divest some or all of their assets or enter
bankruptcy proceedings.
Page
100
Table of Contents
Following
the sale of our Ukraine operations to Mr Kolomoisky we will retain ownership of
the Development Financing Holding Company and the full US$ 1895 million cash it
held at December 31, 2009. Since only our existing Bulgaria operations will
remain as Unrestricted Subsidiaries, and the funding needs of these operations
will reduce substantially, we expect that the cash balance remaining in the
Development Financing Holding Company will be more than required by the
Unrestricted Subsidiaries. Upon the completion of the disposal of our Ukraine
operations we will therefore be able to return a large proportion of the cash in
the Development Financing Holding Company to a Restricted
Subsidiary.
Attracting
equity investments.
On May
18, 2009, we issued 145 million shares of Class A common stock at a price of
$1200 per share and 45 million shares of Class B common stock at a price of
$1500 per share to an affiliate of Time Warner, in exchange for aggregate cash
consideration, net of fees paid, of US$ 2344 million.
Credit
ratings and future debt issuances
The
availability of additional liquidity is dependent upon the overall status of the
debt and equity capital markets as well as on our continued financial
performance, operating performance and credit ratings. We are currently able to
raise limited additional debt and we believe that we can still access the debt
capital markets in order to refinance any combination of our existing
debt.
SP
and Moodys have both rated our outstanding debt instruments and our corporate
credit as follows as of December 31, 2009:
Senior
and Convertible Notes
Corporate
Outlook
SP
B-
B-
negative
Moodys
B2
negative
SP
downgraded both of its ratings from BB- to B+ on May 28, 2009 and from B+ to B
with a negative outlook on August 4, 2009, which they subsequently confirmed
on September 29, 2009. SP further downgraded the rating to B- with a
negative outlook on November 11, 2009. Moodys downgraded both of its ratings
from Ba2 to Ba3 with a negative outlook on March 2, 2009 and from Ba3 to B2
with a negative outlook on August 19, 2009.
Credit
rating agencies now monitor companies much more closely and have made liquidity,
and the key ratios associated with it, a particular priority. One of the key
indicators used by the ratings agencies in assigning credit ratings to us is our
gross leverage ratio, which was 181 times at December 31, 2009 and is
calculated as our gross debt divided by our trailing twelve-month EBITDA
excluding stock based compensation as defined by the ratings agencies. As of
December 31, 2009, our total gross debt of US$ 1,4588 million was the sum of
our credit facilities and obligations under capital leases as disclosed in our
financial statements and the liability under our swap agreements. Our trailing
twelve-month EBITDA excluding stock based compensation was US$ 869 million.
We expect that the acquisition of the bTV group and the sale of our Ukraine
operations will improve substantially this ratio.
Page
101
Table of Contents
The ratio
of Net Debt/EBITDA is 115. This ratio will improve significantly after the sale
of our Ukraine operations and the acquisition of the bTV
group.
We expect
our rating to be maintained. Ratings agencies have indicated that retention of
these ratings is dependent on maintaining an adequate liquidity profile
including at least $1000 million of cash in our Restricted Group Core
Operations. We are operating our business with the intention of staying within
this liquidity parameter. If we successfully complete the acquisition of the bTV
group but do not complete the sale of the Ukraine operations it is likely that
our rating will be downgraded.
A
downgrade will not result in us being required to repay any of our outstanding
debt earlier than the current maturity, nor will it result in any variation of
the current interest terms or prevent us from accessing our current undrawn debt
facilities or overdrafts. A downgrade, would, however result in our having to
pay higher interest rates on any future financing and may make it more difficult
for us to raise additional debt.We do not have any credit facilities
or other financial instruments which would require early termination, the
posting of collateral, or any other financial penalties, solely in the event of
our credit rating being downgraded. We will work closely with rating agencies to
demonstrate the improved credit profile of our Core Operations, especially
following the transactions described above.
Credit
risk of financial counterparties
We have
entered into a number of significant contracts with financial counterparties as
follows:
Cross
Currency Swap
On April
27, 2006, we entered into cross currency swap agreements with JP Morgan Chase
Bank, N.A. and Morgan Stanley Capital Services Inc. see Item 8, Note 13,
Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements under which we periodically
exchange Czech koruna for Euro with the intention of reducing our exposure to
movements in foreign exchange rates. We do not consider that there is any risk
to our liquidity if either of our counterparties were unable to meet their
respective rights under the swap agreements because we would be able to convert
the CZK we receive from our subsidiary into Euros at the prevailing exchange
rate rather than the rate included in the swap.
Capped
Call Options
On
September 15, 2008, Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc, Lehman Holdings, and
collectively with Lehman Brothers OTC Derivatives Inc., Lehman Brothers,
filed for protection under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code. The
bankruptcy filing of Lehman Holding, as guarantor, was an event of default that
gave us the right to early termination of capped call options we had purchased
from Lehman Brothers the Lehman Brothers Capped Call Options to increase the
effective conversion price of our Convertible Notes. We exercised this right and
have claimed an amount of US$ 199 million. We have subsequently assigned our
claim to an unrelated third party for cash consideration of US$ 34
million.
We had
purchased similar capped call options from BNP Paribas BNP and Deutsche Bank
Securities Inc DB, together with the Lehman Brothers Capped Call Options,
the Capped Call Options, however we consider the likelihood of similar loss on
the BNP or DB capped calls to be significantly less following the coordinated
response of Europes central banks to the global liquidity crisis and the
pivotal positions that each of these banks occupies in its respective country.
In the event of any similar default, there would be no impact on our current
liquidity since the purchase price of the options has already been paid and we
have no further obligation under the terms of the capped calls to deliver cash
or other assets to the counterparties.Any default would increase the
dilutive effect to our existing shareholders resulting from the issuance of
shares of Class A common stock upon any conversion of the Convertible
Notes.
Page
102
Table of Contents
Cash
Deposits
We
deposit cash in the global money markets with a range of bank counterparties and
review the counterparties we choose weekly.The maximum period of
deposit is three months but we have more recently held amounts on deposit for
shorter periods, from overnight to one month. The credit rating of a bank is a
critical factor in determining the size of cash deposits and we will only
deposit cash with banks of an investment grade of A or A2 or higher. In addition
we also closely monitor the credit default swap spreads and other market
information for each of the banks with which we consider depositing or have
deposited funds.
Page
103
Table of Contents
VI
e Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
None.
VIl.Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates
Our
accounting policies affecting our financial condition and results of operations
are more fully described in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements that
are included in Item 8.The preparation of these financial statements
requires us to make judgments in selecting appropriate assumptions for
calculating financial estimates, which inherently contain some degree of
uncertainty.We base our estimates on historical experience and on
various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable. Using these
estimates we make judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses that are not readily apparent
from other sources.Actual results may differ from these estimates
under different assumptions or conditions.
We
believe the following critical accounting policies affect our more significant
judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial
statements.
Program
Rights
Program
rights consist of programming acquired from third parties and programming film
and television produced locally and form an important component of our station
broadcasting schedules.Program rights and the related liabilities
are recorded at their gross value when the license period begins and the
programs are available for use.Program rights are amortized on a
systematic basis over their expected useful lives.Both films and
series are amortized as shown with the amortization charged in respect of each
airing calculated in accordance with a schedule that reflects our estimate of
the relative economic value of each run.For program rights acquired
under a standard two-run license, we generally amortize 65% after the first run
and 35% after the second run and for those with a three-run license, we amortize
60% on the first run, 30% on the second run and 10% on the third
run.The program library is evaluated at least quarterly to determine
if expected revenues are sufficient to cover the unamortized portion of each
program.To the extent that the revenues we expect to earn from
broadcasting a program are lower than the book value, the program rights are
written down to their net realizable value by way of recording an additional
amortization charge.Accordingly, our estimates of future advertising
and other revenues, and our future broadcasting schedules have a significant
impact on the value of our program rights on the Consolidated Balance Sheet and
the annual programming amortization charge recorded in the Consolidated
Statement of Operations.
Recognition
of goodwill and intangible assets
In
accordance with FASB Statement No. 141R, Business Combinations, ASC 805 we
allocate the purchase price of our acquisitions to the tangible assets,
liabilities and identifiable intangible assets acquired based on their estimated
fair values, with the excess purchase price over those fair values being
recorded as goodwill.
The fair
value assigned to identifiable intangible assets acquired is supported by
valuations that involve the use of a large number of estimates and assumptions
provided by management.If we make different estimates and
assumptions, the valuations of identifiable intangible assets change, and the
amount of purchase price attributable to these assets also changes, leading to
corresponding change in the value of goodwill.
The
assumptions and estimates that we have applied vary according to the date,
location and type of assets acquired for each of our
acquisitions.For example, some of the assumptions and estimates that
we have used in determining the value of acquired broadcast licenses are as
follows:methodology applied in valuation, discount rate being the
weighted average cost of capital and applicable risk factor, useful life of
license definite or indefinite and probability of renewal, audience share
growth and advertising market share, power ratio and growth, revenue growth for
the forecast period and then in perpetuity, operating margin growth, future
capital expenditure and working capital requirements, future cost saving as a
result of the switch from an analog to a digital environment, inflation and
workforce cost, among others.
Page
104
Table of Contents
All
assumptions and estimates applied were based on best estimates at the respective
acquisition dates.
Impairment
of goodwill, indefinite lived- intangible assets and long-lived
assets
We assess
the carrying value of intangible assets with indefinite lives and goodwill on an
annual basis, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate
that such carrying value may not be recoverable.Other than our
annual review, factors we consider important which could trigger an impairment
review include: under-performance of operating segments or changes in projected
results, changes in the manner of utilization of the asset, a severe and
sustained decline in the price of our shares and negative market conditions or
economic trends.Therefore, our judgment as to the future prospects
of each business has a significant impact on our results and financial
condition.We believe that our assumptions are
appropriate.If future cash flows do not materialize as expected or
there is a future adverse change in market conditions, we may be unable to
recover the carrying amount of an asset, resulting in future impairment
losses.
Impairment
tests of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are performed at the
reporting unit level.If potential impairments of goodwill exist, the
fair value of the reporting unit is subsequently measured against the fair value
of its underlying assets and liabilities, excluding goodwill, to estimate an
implied fair value of the reporting units goodwill. An impairment loss is
recognized for any excess of the carrying value of the reporting units goodwill
over the implied fair value after adjusting for any impairment of
indefinite-lived intangible assets or long-lived
assets.Determination of a reporting unit requires judgment, and on
January 1, 2010, we changed our business structure which is likely to change the
number and nature of the reporting units we use to assess potential
impairment.
The fair
value of each reporting unit, and consequently the amount of implied goodwill is
determined using an income methodology estimating projected future cash flows
related to each reporting unit, which we determined to be our business segments
Bulgaria, Croatia, Czech Republic, Romania, Slovak Republic, Slovenia, Ukraine
with the exception of the Romania Media Pro Entertainment segment, which we
determined to have three reporting units Fiction, Production services and
Distribution and Exhibition.These projected future cash flows are
discounted back to the valuation date.Significant assumptions
inherent in the methodology used include estimates of discount rates, future
revenue growth rates and a number of other factors, all of which are based on
our assessment of the future prospects and the risks inherent at the respective
reporting units.
Recoverability
of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount
of an asset to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated
by the respective asset.The same estimates are also used in planning
for our long- and short-range business planning and forecasting.We
assess the reasonableness of the inputs and outcomes of our undiscounted cash
flow analysis against available comparable market data.If the
carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated undiscounted future cash
flows, an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying
amount exceeds the fair value of the respective asset.
Assessing
goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets and long-lived assets requires
significant judgment. The process involves making a number of estimates in order
to evaluate the fair value of a number of assets, the fair value of the
reporting units, and the future cash flows expected in each reporting unit. The
table below shows the key measurements involved and the valuation methods
applied:
Page
105
Table of Contents
Measurement
Valuation
Method
Recoverability
of cash flows
Undiscounted
future cash flows
Fair
value of indefinite-lived broadcast licenses
Build-out
method
Fair
value of indefinite-lived trademarks
Relief
from royalty method
Fair
value of reporting units
Discounted
cash flow model
In all
cases, each method involves a number of significant assumptions which could
materially change the result, and the decision on whether assets are impaired.
The most significant of these assumptions include: the discount rate applied,
the total advertising market size, achievable levels of market share, level of
forecast operating costs and capital expenditure and the rate of growth into
perpetuity. Certain triggering events in 2009 such as the substantial decline of
our share price, the global economic crisis and the reduced economic projections
specific to our markets in Central and Eastern Europe caused us to perform
impairment reviews in both the first and second quarter of 2009. The impairment
reviews resulted in an impairment charge to our Bulgaria reporting unit. There
were no further impairment indicators in the third or fourth quarter of 2009.
Our share price stabilized in the second half of 2009, global economic
conditions had improved slightly, and there was an improvement in market
participants sentiment about future economic performance in our markets. We
performed our annual impairment test for goodwill and intangible assets in the
fourth quarter of 2009 which did not result in any further impairment
charges.
For those
reporting units with goodwill excluding the reporting units from the recent
acquisition of Romania Media Pro Entertainment on December 9, 2009, at
December 31, 2009, the following compound cash flow growth rates are necessary
to avoid recording a goodwill impairment charge. For comparison, we have also
included the compound average cash flow growth rates currently implied by our
estimates of future cash flows:
Reporting
unit
Break
even growth
rate
% 1
Growth
rate currently
implied
% 1
Croatia
98
%
137
%
Czech
Republic
64
%
94
%
Romania
140
%
222
%
Slovak
Republic
175
%
237
%
Slovenia
131
%
206
%
1
Break-even and implied growth rates are calculated by applying a constant annual
growth rate to current year cash flow forecasts, with all other variables
constant, such that the net present value of all future cash flows to perpetuity
equals the carrying value of the reporting units assets for the break-even rate
or our estimate of the fair value of the reporting unit for the rate currently
implied. Such rates do not indicate our expectation of cash flow growth in any
given year, nor are they necessarily comparable with actual growth rates
achieved in previous years.
Page
106
Table of Contents
The table
below shows the percentage movement in the costs of capital that we applied to
each reporting unit with goodwill between the first quarter impairment review
and the second quarter impairment review and the adverse movement, in percentage
terms, required to make the fair value of the reporting unit equal their
carrying values with all other assumptions constant:
Percentage
change in cost of capital
Reporting
Unit
Between
first and second quarter review
Necessary
to break even second quarter
Croatia
51
%
224
%
Czech
Republic
82
%
73
%
Romania
15
%
473
%
Slovak
Republic
43
%
295
%
Slovenia
39
%
611
%
There was
a negligible change in the cost of capital used between the second quarter
impairment review and the annual impairment review performed in the fourth
quarter of 2009.
Using our
most conservative assumptions, the table below shows whether an adverse change
of 100% in any of these most conservative assumptions would result in
additional impairments after reflecting the impairment charge recognized in the
year ended December 31, 2009. Where an adverse change of less than 100% would
result in an impairment, the level of that change is presented
parenthetically:
10%
Adverse Change in
Indefinite-Lived
Trademarks
Indefinite-Lived
Broadcast
Licenses
Goodwill
Cost
of Capital
None
None
Czech
Republic 98%
Total
Advertising Market
None
None
Czech
Republic 62%
Market
Share
None
None
Czech
Republic 62%
Forecast
operating costs
Not
applicable
None
None
Forecast
capital expenditure
Not
applicable
None
None
Perpetuity
Growth rate
None
None
None
We
consider all current information in respect of performing our impairment reviews
and calculating our impairment charges. If our cash flow forecasts for our
operations deteriorate, or discount rates continue to increase, we may be
required to recognize additional impairment charges in later
periods.
Page
107
Table of Contents
The
assets most susceptible to changes in such conservative key assumptions are the
indefinite lived broadcast license in Slovenia and the goodwill in the Czech
Republic.
Revenue
Recognition
Net
revenues predominantly comprise revenues from the sale of advertising time less
discounts, agency commissions, and theatrical distribution of
films.Net revenues are recognized when the advertisement is aired as
long as there is persuasive evidence that an arrangement with a customer exists,
the price of the delivered advertising time is fixed or determinable, and
collection of the arrangement fee is reasonably assured.In the event
that a customer falls significantly behind its contractual payment terms,
revenue is deferred until the customer has resumed normal payment
terms.
Agency
commissions, where applicable, are calculated based on a stated percentage
applied to gross billing revenue.Advertisers remit the gross billing
amount to the agency and the agency remits gross billings, less their
commission, to us when the advertisement is not placed directly by the
advertiser.Payments received in advance of being earned are recorded
as deferred income.
We record
sales from theatrical distribution of films as films are exhibited. Sales of
home videos, net of a return provision, are recognized as income when the videos
are delivered to and available for sale by retailers. Revenue from licensing of
film and television programming is recognized when we make the material
available for airing.
We
maintain a bad debt provision for estimated losses resulting from the inability
of our customers to make required payments.If the financial
condition of our customers were to deteriorate, additional allowances may be
required in future periods.We review the accounts receivable
balances periodically and our historical bad debt, customer concentrations and
customer creditworthiness when evaluating the adequacy of our
provision.
Income
Taxes
The
provision for income taxes includes local and foreign taxes.Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax
consequences of temporary differences between the financial statement carrying
amounts and their respective tax bases.Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable
income in the year in which the temporary differences are expected to be
recovered or settled.We evaluate the realizability of our deferred
tax assets and establish a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not
that all or a portion of deferred tax assets will not be realized.
In
evaluating the realizability of our deferred tax assets, we consider available
positive and negative evidence, including future reversals of existing taxable
temporary differences, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies
and recent financial operations. Any reduction in estimated forecasted results
may require that we record additional valuation allowances against our deferred
tax assets.Once a valuation allowance has been established, it will
be maintained until there is sufficient positive evidence to conclude that it is
more likely than not that such assets will be realized.An ongoing
pattern of sustained profitability will generally be considered as sufficient
positive evidence.If the allowance is reversed in a future period,
our income tax provision will be reduced to the extent of the
reversal.Accordingly, the establishment and reversal of valuation
allowances has had and could continue to have a significant negative or positive
impact on our future earnings.
We
measure deferred tax assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates that, if
changed, would result in either an increase or decrease in the provision for
income taxes in the period of change.
In
accordance with FASB Interpretation No. 48, Accounting for Uncertainty in Income
Taxes an interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109 FIN 48 ASC 740, we
recognize in the consolidated financial statements those tax positions
determined to be more likely than not of being sustained upon examination,
based on the technical merits of the positions.
Page
108
Table of Contents
From time
to time, we engage in transactions, such as business combinations and
dispositions, in which the tax consequences may be subject to uncertainty.
Significant judgment is required in assessing and estimating the tax
consequences of these transactions. We prepare and file tax returns based on
interpretation of tax laws and regulations. In the normal course of business,
our tax returns are subject to examination by various taxing authorities. Such
examinations may result in future tax and interest assessments by these taxing
authorities. We only recognize tax benefits taken on tax returns when we believe
they are more likely than not of being sustained upon examination based on
their technical merits. There is considerable judgment involved in determining
whether positions taken on the tax return are more likely than not of being
sustained.
We
recognize, when applicable, both accrued interest and penalties related to
unrecognized benefits in income tax expense in the accompanying consolidated
statements of operations. The liability for accrued interest and penalties at
December 31, 2009 is US$ 02 million and US$ 06 million at December 31,
2008.
Foreign
exchange
Our
reporting currency and functional currency is the dollar but a significant
portion of our consolidated revenues and costs are in other currencies,
including programming rights expenses and interest on debt.In
addition, our Senior Notes are denominated in Euros.Our corporate
holding companies have a functional currency of the dollar. All of our other
operations have functional currencies other than the dollar.
We record
assets and liabilities denominated in a currency other than our functional
currency using the exchange rate prevailing at each balance sheet date, with any
change in value between reporting periods being recognized as a transaction gain
or loss in our Consolidated Statement of Operations. We are exposed to foreign
currency on the revaluation of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in
currencies other than the local functional currency of the relevant
subsidiary.This includes third party receivables and payables,
including our Senior Notes which are denominated in Euros, as well as
intercompany loans, which are generally provided in currencies other than the
dollar.We recorded transaction gains of US$ 825 million in 2009 and
transaction losses of US$ 379 million and US$ 344 million in 2008 and 2007,
respectively.
The
financial statements of our operations whose functional currency is other than
the dollar are translated from such functional currency to dollars at the
exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date for assets and liabilities,
and at weighted average rates for the period for revenues and expenses,
including gains and losses.Translational gains and losses are
charged or credited to Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income/Loss, a
component of Equity.
Determination
of the functional currency of an entity requires considerable management
judgment, which is essential and paramount to this
determination.This includes our assessment of a series of
indicators, such as the currency in which a majority of sales transactions are
negotiated, expense incurred or financing secured.If the nature of
our business operations changes, such as by changing the currency in which sales
transactions are denominated or by incurring significantly more expenditure in a
different currency, we may be required to change the functional currency of some
or all of our operations, potentially changing the amounts we report as
transaction gains and losses in the Consolidated Statement of Operations as well
as the translational gains and losses charged or credited to Accumulated Other
Comprehensive Income/Loss.In establishing functional currency,
specific facts and circumstances are considered carefully, and judgment is
exercised as to what types of information might be most useful to
investors.
Page
109
Table of Contents
Contingencies
We are,
from time to time, involved in certain legal proceedings and, as required,
accrue our estimate of the probable costs for the resolution for these
claims.These estimates are developed in consultation with legal
counsel and are based upon an analysis of potential results, assuming a
combination of litigation and settlement strategies.It is possible,
however, that future results of operations for any particular period could be
materially affected by changes in our assumptions or the effectiveness of our
strategies related to these proceedings.See Item 8, Note 21,
Commitments and Contingencies for more detailed information on litigation
exposure.
Recent
Accounting Pronouncements
See Item
8, Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for a discussion of
accounting standards adopted since December 31, 2009 and recently issued
accounting standards not yet adopted.
VlIl.Related
party matters
Overview
There is
a limited local market for many specialist television services in the countries
in which we operate; many of these services are provided to us by parties known
to be connected to our local shareholders.As stated in FASB
Statement No. 57 Related Party Disclosures ASC 850 transactions involving
related parties cannot necessarily be presumed to be carried out on an
arms-length basis, as the requisite conditions of competitive, free-market
dealings may not exist.We will continue to review all of these
arrangements.
We
consider our related parties to be those shareholders who have direct control
and/or influence and other parties that can significantly influence management;
a connected party is one for whom we are aware of the existence of an
immediate family or business connection to a shareholder. We have entered into
related party transactions in all of our markets. For detailed discussion of all
such transactions, see Item 8, Note 22, Related Party
Transactions.
Page
110
Table of Contents
ITEM
7A.
QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK
We engage
in activities that expose us to various market risks, including the effects of
changes in foreign currency, exchange rates and interest rates.We do
not regularly engage in speculative transactions, nor do we regularly hold or
issue financial instruments for trading purposes.
Foreign
Currency Exchange Risk Management
We
conduct business in a number of foreign currencies, although our functional
currency is the dollar, and our Senior Notes are denominated in
Euros.As a result, we are subject to foreign currency exchange rate
risk due to the effects that foreign exchange rate movements of these currencies
have on our costs and on the cash flows we receive from certain
subsidiaries.In limited instances, we enter into forward foreign
exchange contracts to minimize foreign currency exchange rate risk.
We have
not attempted to hedge the Senior Notes and therefore may continue to experience
significant gains and losses on the translation of the Senior Notes into dollars
due to movements in exchange rates between the Euro and the dollar.
On April
27, 2006, we entered into cross currency swap agreements with JP Morgan Chase
Bank, N.A. and Morgan Stanley Capital Services Inc. see Item 8, Note 13,
Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements under which we periodically
exchange Czech koruna for Euro with the intention of reducing our exposure to
movements in foreign exchange rates. We do not consider that there is any risk
to our liquidity if either of our counterparties were unable to meet their
respective rights under the swap agreements because we would be able to convert
the CZK we receive from our subsidiary into Euros at the prevailing exchange
rate rather than the rate included in the swap.
The fair
value of these instruments as at December 31, 2009, was a liability of US$ 86
million.
These
currency swap agreements reduce our exposure to movements in foreign exchange
rates on a part of the CZK-denominated cash flows generated by our Czech
Republic operations that are approximately equivalent in value to the
Euro-denominated interest payments on our Senior Notes see Item 8, Note 6,
Senior Debt.They are financial instruments that are used to
minimize currency risk and are considered an economic hedge of foreign exchange
rates.These instruments have not been designated as hedging
instruments as defined under FASB Statement No. 133, Accounting for Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activities ASC 815, and so changes in their fair
value are recorded in the Consolidated Statement of Operations and in the
Consolidated Balance Sheet in other non-current liabilities.
Page
111
Table of Contents
Interest
Rate Risk Management
As
at December 31, 2009, approximately 23% of the carrying value of our debt
provides for interest at a spread above a base rate of EURIBOR or PRIBOR, which
mitigates the impact of an increase in interbank rates on our overall
debt.
Interest
Rate Table as at December 31, 2009
Expected
Maturity Dates
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
Thereafter
Total
Debt in Euro 000s
Fixed
Rate
-
-
-
-
-
440,000
Average
Interest Rate
-
-
-
-
-
1163
%
Variable
Rate
22,520
-
-
-
150,000
-
Average
Interest Rate
354
%
-
-
-
262
%
-
Total
Debt in US$ 000s
-
-
-
-
-
-
Fixed
Rate
-
-
-
475,000
-
-
Average
Interest Rate
-
-
-
350
%
-
-
Total
Debt in CZK 000s
Variable
Rate
1,450,000
-
-
-
-
-
Average
Interest Rate
319
%
-
-
-
-
-
Variable
Interest Rate Sensitivity as at December 31, 2009
Yearly
interest charge if interest rates increase by
US$
000s:
Value
of Debt as at December 31, 2009 US$ 000s
Interest
Rate
as
at
December
31, 2009
Yearly
Interest Charge
US$
000s
1
%
2
%
3
%
4
%
5
%
$
248,532
274
%
$
6,802
$
9,287
$
11,772
$
14,258
$
16,743
$
19,228
EUR
1725 million
$
78,942
319
%
2,518
3,308
4,097
4,887
5,676
6,465
CZK
1,4500 million
Total
$
9,320
$
12,595
$
15,869
$
19,145
$
22,419
$
25,693
Page
112
Table of Contents
ITEM
8.
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
Financial
Statements and Supplementary data begin on the following page and end on the
page immediately preceding Item 9.
REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the
Board of Directors and Shareholders of Central European Media Enterprises
Ltd.
We have
audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Central European Media
Enterprises Ltd. and subsidiaries the Company as of December 31, 2009 and
2008, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
income, equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2009.Our audits also included the financial statement
schedule listed in the Index at .These financial statements
and the financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Company
management.Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
financial statements and the financial statement schedule based on our
audits.
We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board United States.Those standards require
that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement.An audit
includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements.An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation.We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis
for our opinion.
In our
opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of Central European Media Enterprises Ltd. and
subsidiaries as of December 31, 2009 and 2008, and the results of their
operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2009, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America.Also, in our opinion, the financial
statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated
financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material
respects, the information set forth therein.
As
discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, on January 1,
2009, the Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 160,
Non-Controlling Interests in
Consolidated Financial Statements an amendment of ARB 51 included in
Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification
ASC Topic 810, Consolidationand FASB Staff Position
APB 14-1, Accounting for
Convertible Debt Instruments That May Be Settled in Cash Upon Conversion
Including Partial Cash Settlement included in FASB ASC Topic 470,
Debt. The Company has
retrospectively adjusted all periods presented in the consolidated financial
statements for the effect of these changes.
We have
also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board United States, the Company internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2009, based on the criteria established in Internal
ControlIntegrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 24, 2010 expressed an
unqualified opinion on the Company internal control over financial
reporting.
DELOITTE
LLP
London,
United Kingdom
February
24, 2010
Page
113
Table of Contents
Part
II.Financial Information
Item
8.Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS
US$
000s, except share data
December
31, 2009
December
31, 2008
ASSETS
Current
assets
Cash
and cash equivalents
$
458,529
$
107,433
Accounts
receivable net of allowance Note 7
186,978
221,450
Program
rights, net
82,007
67,787
Other
current assets Note 8
102,291
98,086
Total
current assets
829,805
494,756
Non-current
assets
Investments
Note 5
-
16,559
Property,
plant and equipment, net Note 9
279,436
206,667
Program
rights, net
184,038
113,596
Goodwill
Note 4
1,136,273
1,041,041
Broadcast
licenses and other intangible assets, net Note 4
398,418
514,732
Other
non-current assets Note 8
44,817
19,265
Total
non-current assets
2,042,982
1,911,860
Total
assets
$
2,872,787
$
2,406,616
The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements.
Page
114
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS continued
US$
000s, except share data
December
31, 2009
December
31, 2008
LIABILITIES
AND EQUITY
Current
liabilities
Accounts
payable and accrued liabilities Note 10
$
213,699
$
174,885
Credit
facilities and obligations under capital leases Note 11
117,910
36,502
Other
current liabilities Note 12
18,114
17,286
Total
current liabilities
349,723
228,673
Non-current
liabilities
Credit
facilities and obligations under capital leases Note 11
6,030
38,758
Senior
Debt Note 6
1,253,928
928,525
Other
non-current liabilities Note 12
91,266
112,215
Total
non-current liabilities
1,351,224
1,079,498
Commitments
and contingencies Note 21
EQUITY:
CME
Ltd. shareholders equity:
Nil
shares of Preferred Stock of $008 each December 31, 2008 
nil
-
-
56,046,176
shares of Class A Common Stock of $008 each December 31, 2008
36,024,273
4,484
2,882
7,490,936
shares of Class B Common Stock of $008 each December 31, 2008 
6,312,839
599
505
Additional
paid-in capital
1,410,587
1,126,617
Accumulated
deficit
333,993
236,836
Accumulated
other comprehensive income
95,912
202,090
Total
CME Ltd. shareholders equity
1,177,589
1,095,258
Noncontrolling
interests
5,749
3,187
Total
equity
1,171,840
1,098,445
Total
liabilities and equity
$
2,872,787
$
2,406,616
The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements.
Page
115
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
US$
000s, except share and per share data
For
the Year Ended December 31,
2009
2008
2007
Net
revenues
$
713,978
$
1,019,934
$
838,856
Operating
expenses:
Operating
costs
134,095
145,210
116,859
Cost
of programming
389,900
438,203
327,230
Depreciation
of station property, plant and equipment
53,651
51,668
32,653
Amortization
of broadcast licenses and other intangibles Note 4
21,597
35,381
24,970
Cost
of revenues
599,243
670,462
501,712
Selling,
general and administrative expenses
116,072
140,517
126,688
Impairment
charge Note 4
81,843
336,752
-
Operating
loss / income
83,180
127,797
210,456
Interest
income
2,916
10,006
5,728
Interest
expense Note 16
115,771
82,481
54,936
Foreign
currency exchange gain / loss, net
82,461
37,877
34,409
Change
in fair value of derivatives Note 13
1,315
6,360
3,703
Other
income
1,521
2,620
7,891
Loss
/ incomefrom continuing operations before tax
110,738
229,169
131,027
Credit
/ provision for income taxes
3,193
34,525
20,822
Loss
/ income from continuing operations
107,545
263,694
110,205
Discontinued
operations, net of tax Note 20
262
3,785
4,480
Net
Loss /income
107,807
267,479
105,725
Net
loss / income attributable to noncontrolling interests
10,650
2,067
17,107
Net
Loss income attributable to CME Ltd.
$
97,157
$
269,546
$
88,618
Net
loss / income
107,807
267,479
105,725
Currency
translation adjustment
106,604
88,609
158,825
Obligation
to repurchase shares
-
488
488
Comprehensive
loss /income
$
214,411
$
355,600
$
264,062
Comprehensive
income / loss attributable to noncontrolling interests
11,076
2,071
17,157
Comprehensive
loss / income attributable to CME Ltd.
$
203,335
$
357,671
$
246,905
The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements.
Page
116
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME continued
US$
000s, except share and per share data
For
the Year Ended December 31,
2009
2008
2007
PER
SHARE DATA Note 18:
Net
loss / income per share:
Continuing
operations - Basic
$
178
$
628
$
225
Continuing
operations - Diluted
178
628
223
Discontinued
operations Basic
001
009
011
Discontinued
operations - Diluted
001
009
011
Net
loss / income attributable to CME Ltd common shareholders 
Basic
179
637
214
Net
loss / income attributable to CME Ltd common shareholders 
Diluted
$
179
$
637
$
212
Weighted
average common shares used in computing per share amounts
000s:
Basic
54,344
42,328
41,384
Diluted
54,344
42,328
41,833
The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements.
Page
117
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF EQUITY
US$
000s
CME
Ltd. Shareholders
Class
A
Common
Stock
Class
B
Common
Stock
Additional
Paid-In Capital
Retained
Deficit
Accumulated
Other Comprehensive Income
Noncontrolling
Interests
Total
Equity
Number
of shares
Par
value
Number
of shares
Par
value
BALANCE,
December
31, 2006
34,412,138
$
2,753
6,312,839
$
505
$
931,108
$
30,528
$
131,928
$
26,189
$
1,061,955
Impact
of adoption of FIN 48
-
-
-
-
-
3,219
-
-
3,219
Stock-based
compensation
-
-
-
-
6,402
-
-
-
6,402
Shares
issued, net of fees
1,275,227
102
-
-
109,751
-
-
-
109,853
Stock
options exercised
315,833
25
-
-
4,075
-
-
-
4,100
Acquisitions
of noncontrolling interests
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
13,948
13,948
Dividends
paid to holders of noncontrolling interests
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
6,243
6,243
Net
income
-
-
-
-
-
88,618
-
17,107
105,725
Currency
translation adjustment
-
-
-
-
-
-
158,775
50
158,825
Obligation
to repurchase shares
-
-
-
-
-
-
488
-
488
BALANCE,
December
31, 2007
36,003,198
$
2,880
6,312,839
$
505
$
1,051,336
$
54,871
$
290,215
$
23,155
$
1,422,962
Stock-based
compensation
-
-
-
-
7,133
-
-
-
7,133
Stock
options exercised
21,075
2
-
-
1,220
-
-
-
1,222
Purchase
and extinguishmentof capped call options Note
6
-
-
-
-
41,157
22,161
-
-
63,318
Acquisitions
of noncontrolling interests
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
18,861
18,861
Dividends
paid to holders of noncontrolling interests
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
3,178
3,178
Bifurcation
of equity option embedded in convertible notes
-
-
-
-
108,085
-
-
-
108,085
Net
loss
-
-
-
-
-
269,546
-
2,067
267,479
Currency
translation adjustment
-
-
-
-
-
-
88,613
4
88,609
Obligation
to repurchase shares
-
-
-
-
-
-
488
-
488
BALANCE,
December
31, 2008
36,024,273
$
2,882
6,312,839
$
505
$
1,126,617
$
236,836
$
202,090
$
3,187
$
1,098,445
The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements.
Page
118
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF EQUITY continued
US$
000s
CME
Ltd. Shareholders
Class
A
Common
Stock
Class
B
Common
Stock
Additional
Paid-In Capital
Retained
Deficit
Accumulated
Other Comprehensive Income
Noncontrolling
Interests
Total
Equity
Number
of shares
Par
value
Number
of shares
Par
value
BALANCE,
December
31, 2008
36,024,273
$
2,882
6,312,839
$
505
$
1,126,617
$
236,836
$
202,090
$
3,187
$
1,098,445
Stock-based
compensation
-
-
-
-
6,180
-
-
-
6,180
Acquisition
of noncontrolling interests
-
-
-
-
24,090
-
-
3,965
20,125
Shares
issued, net of fees
14,500,000
1,160
4,500,000
360
232,848
-
-
-
234,368
Shares
issued in connection with the acquisition of Media Pro Entertainment Note
3
2,200,000
176
-
-
55,264
-
-
-
55,440
Warrants
issued in connection with the acquisition of Media Pro Entertainment Note
3
-
-
-
-
13,768
-
-
-
13,768
Conversion
of class B shares Note 14
3,321,903
266
3,321,903
266
-
-
-
-
-
Dividends
paid to holders of noncontrolling interest
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
1,825
1,825
Net
loss
-
-
-
-
-
97,157
-
10,650
107,807
Currency
translation adjustment
-
-
-
-
-
-
106,178
426
106,604
BALANCE,
December
31, 2009
56,046,176
$
4,484
7,490,936
$
599
$
1,410,587
$
333,993
$
95,912
$
5,749
$
1,171,840
The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements.
Page
119
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
US$
000s
For
the Year Ended December 31,
2009
2008
2007
CASH
FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
Net
loss / income
$
107,807
$
267,479
$
105,725
Adjustments
to reconcile netloss / incometo net cash used in /
generated from operating activities:
Loss
from discontinued operations Note 20
262
3,785
4,480
Depreciation
and amortization
324,356
350,364
254,463
Impairment
charge Note 4
81,843
336,752
-
Loss
on disposal of fixed assets
510
51
-
Stock-based
compensation Note 17
6,218
6,107
5,734
Change
in fair value of derivatives Note 13
1,315
6,360
3,703
Foreign
currency exchange gain / loss, net
82,461
37,877
34,409
Net
change in net of effects of acquisitions and disposals of
businesses:
Accounts
receivable
51,924
13,654
57,449
Program
rights
208,785
251,462
255,147
Other
assets
2,921
3,638
4,192
Accounts
payable and accrued liabilities
52,420
15,065
7,914
Income
taxes payable
10,206
18,308
15,423
Deferred
taxes
23,368
19,550
2,202
VAT
and other taxes payable
7,636
3,865
6,166
Net
cash used in / generated from continuing operating
activities
31,806
135,555
106,695
CASH
FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
Net
change in restricted cash
-
-
440
Purchase
of property, plant and equipment
50,063
78,665
79,943
Proceeds
from disposal of property, plant and equipment
1,012
408
570
Investments
in subsidiaries and unconsolidated affiliates
39,817
512,531
156,535
Repayment
of loans and advances to related parties
10,295
1,990
450
Net
cash used in continuing investing activities
99,163
588,798
235,898
CASH
FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
Issuance
of Common Stock, net of fees
234,368
-
109,853
Net
proceeds from issuance of Senior Notes
634,048
-
199,400
Redemption
or repayment of Senior Notes
371,073
-
169,010
Net
proceeds from issuance of Convertible Notes
-
463,560
-
Purchase
of capped call option
-
63,318
-
Proceeds
from credit facilities
266,472
223,091
177,515
Payment
of credit facilities and capital leases
287,723
176,615
182,391
Proceeds
from exercise of stock options
-
1,222
4,100
Excess
tax benefits from share based payment arrangements
269
1,026
668
Distributions
paid to holders of noncontrolling interests
1,506
4,408
4,605
Net
cash received from continuing financing activities
474,855
444,558
135,530
NET
CASH USED IN DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS OPERATING
ACTIVITIES
1,294
4,920
6,001
NET
CASH USED IN DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS INVESTING
ACTIVITIES
-
495
1,520
Impact
of exchange rate fluctuations on cash
8,504
21,279
1,896
Net
increase / decrease in cash and cash equivalents
351,096
35,379
3,090
CASH
AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, beginning of period
107,433
142,812
145,902
CASH
AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, end of period
$
458,529
$
107,433
$
142,812
SUPPLEMENTAL
DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION:
Cash
paid for interest
$
61,940
$
55,331
$
46,313
Cash
paid for income taxes net of refunds
$
28,440
$
72,974
$
40,903
SUPPLEMENTAL
DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH FINANCING AND INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
Issuance
of equity in connection with the acquisition of Media Pro
Entertainment
$
55,440
-
-
Issuance
of warrants in connection with the acquisition of Media Pro
Entertainment
$
13,768
-
-
Contribution
of investment in connection with the acquisition of Media Pro
Entertainment
$
19,236
-
-
Acquisition
of property, plant and equipment under capital lease
$
114
$
554
$
136
The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements.
Page
120
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
1.ORGANIZATION
AND BUSINESS
Central
European Media Enterprises Ltd., a Bermuda corporation, was formed in June
1994.Our assets are held through a series of Dutch and Netherlands
Antilles holding companies. We are a vertically integrated media company
operating leading broadcasting, internet and TV content businesses in seven
Central and Eastern European countries with an aggregate population of
approximately 97 million people. At December 31, 2009, we had operations in
Bulgaria, Croatia, the Czech Republic, Romania, the Slovak Republic, Slovenia
and Ukraine.
Our
subsidiaries, equity-accounted affiliates and cost investments as at December
31, 2009 were:
Company
Name
Effective
Voting
Interest
Jurisdiction
of
Organization
Type
of Affiliate 1
Top
Tone Media S.A.
8000
%
Luxembourg
Subsidiary
Zopal
S.A.
8000
%
Luxembourg
Subsidiary
PRO
BG MEDIA EOOD
8000
%
Bulgaria
Subsidiary
LG
Consult EOOD
8000
%
Bulgaria
Subsidiary
Top
Tone Media Bulgaria EOOD
8000
%
Bulgaria
Subsidiary
Ring
TV EAD
8000
%
Bulgaria
Subsidiary
Nova
TV d.d.
10000
%
Croatia
Subsidiary
Operativna
Kompanija d.o.o.
10000
%
Croatia
Subsidiary
Media
House d.o.o.
10000
%
Croatia
Subsidiary
Internet
Dnevnik d.o.o.
10000
%
Croatia
Subsidiary
CET
21 spol. s r.o.
10000
%
Czech
Republic
Subsidiary
Jyxo,
s.r.o.
10000
%
Czech
Republic
Subsidiary
BLOG
Internet, s.r.o.
10000
%
Czech
Republic
Subsidiary
Mediafax
s.r.o.
10000
%
Czech
Republic
Subsidiary
Media
Pro International S.A.
9500
%
Romania
Subsidiary
Media
Vision S.R.L.
9500
%
Romania
Subsidiary
Pro
TV S.A.
9505
%
Romania
Subsidiary
Sport
Radio TV Media S.R.L.
9504
%
Romania
Subsidiary
Music
Television System S.R.L.
9505
%
Romania
Subsidiary
Campus
Radio S.R.L.
1901
%
Romania
Equity-Accounted
Affiliate
CME
Slovak Holdings B.V.
10000
%
Netherlands
Subsidiary
A.R.J.,
a.s.
10000
%
Slovak
Republic
Subsidiary
Page
121
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
Company
Name
Effective
Voting
Interest
Jurisdiction
of
Organization
Type
of Affiliate 1
MARKZA-SLOVAKIA,
spol. s r.o.
10000
%
Slovak
Republic
Subsidiary
GAMATEX,
spol. s r.o.
10000
%
Slovak
Republic
Subsidiary
in liquidation
A.D.A.M.,
a.s.
10000
%
Slovak
Republic
Subsidiary
in liquidation
MEDIA
INVEST, spol. s r.o.
10000
%
Slovak
Republic
Subsidiary
EMAIL.SK
s.r.o.
8000
%
Slovak
Republic
Subsidiary
PMT,
s.r.o.
3150
%
Slovak
Republic
Cost
Investment
MMTV
1 d.o.o.
10000
%
Slovenia
Subsidiary
Produkcija
Plus d.o.o.
10000
%
Slovenia
Subsidiary
POP
TV d.o.o.
10000
%
Slovenia
Subsidiary
Kanal
A d.o.o.
10000
%
Slovenia
Subsidiary
Euro
3 TV d.o.o.
4200
%
Slovenia
Equity-Accounted
Affiliate
TELEVIDEO
d.o.o. trading as TV Pika
10000
%
Slovenia
Subsidiary
CME
Cyprus Holding II Ltd.
10000
%
Cyprus
Subsidiary
TV
Media Planet Ltd.
10000
%
Cyprus
Subsidiary
CME
Cyprus Holding Ltd.
10000
%
Cyprus
Subsidiary
International
Media Services Ltd.
10000
%
Bermuda
Subsidiary
CME
Ukraine Holding II B.V.
10000
%
Netherlands
Subsidiary
Grizard
Investments Limited
10000
%
Cyprus
Subsidiary
Grintwood
Investments Limited
10000
%
Cyprus
Subsidiary
Innova
Film GmbH
10000
%
Germany
Subsidiary
1+1
Production
10000
%
Ukraine
Subsidiary
Studio
1+1 LLC
10000
%
Ukraine
Subsidiary
Ukrainian
Media Services LLC
10000
%
Ukraine
Subsidiary
Ukrpromtorg-2003
LLC
10000
%
Ukraine
Subsidiary
Gravis-Kino
LLC
10000
%
Ukraine
Subsidiary
TV
Stimul LLC
10000
%
Ukraine
Subsidiary
TOR
LLC
10000
%
Ukraine
Subsidiary
ZHYSA
LLC
10000
%
Ukraine
Subsidiary
Glavred-Media
LLC
1000
%
Ukraine
Cost
Investment
Page
122
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
Company
Name
Effective
Voting
Interest
Jurisdiction
of
Organization
Type
of Affiliate 1
CME
Media Pro B.V.
10000
%
Netherlands
Subsidiary
Media
Pro Pictures s.r.o.
10000
%
Czech
Republic
Subsidiary
Zmna,
s.r.o.
5100
%
Czech
Republic
Subsidiary
Takov
normln rodinka, s.r.o.
5100
%
Czech
Republic
Subsidiary
Media
Pro Pictures S.A.
10000
%
Romania
Subsidiary
Media
Pro Distribution S.R.L.
10000
%
Romania
Subsidiary
Media
Pro Music and Entertainment S.R.L.
10000
%
Romania
Subsidiary
Pro
Video S.R.L.
10000
%
Romania
Subsidiary
Hollywood
Multiplex Operation S.R.L.
10000
%
Romania
Subsidiary
Domino
Production S.R.L.
5100
%
Romania
Subsidiary
Studiourile
Media Pro S.A.
9220
%
Romania
Subsidiary
Promance
International S.R.L.
10000
%
Romania
Subsidiary
Pro
Video Film and Distribution Kft
10000
%
Hungary
Subsidiary
Central
European Media Enterprises N.V.
10000
%
Netherlands
Antilles
Subsidiary
Central
European Media Enterprises II B.V.
10000
%
Netherlands
Antilles
Subsidiary
CME
Media Enterprises B.V.
10000
%
Netherlands
Subsidiary
CME
Investments B.V.
10000
%
Netherlands
Subsidiary
CME
Programming B.V.
10000
%
Netherlands
Subsidiary
CME
Ukraine Holding B.V.
10000
%
Netherlands
Subsidiary
CME
Development Financing B.V.
10000
%
Netherlands
Subsidiary
CME
Ukraine Holding GmbH
10000
%
Austria
Subsidiary
CME
Development Corporation
10000
%
Delaware
USA
Subsidiary
CME
Media Services Limited
10000
%
United
Kingdom
Subsidiary
CME
SR d.o.o.
10000
%
Serbia
Subsidiary
1 All
subsidiaries have been consolidated in our Financial Statements.All
equity-accounted affiliates have been accounted for using the equity
method.All cost investments have been accounted for using the cost
method.
2.SUMMARY
OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
These
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP.
FASB
Codification project
Page
123
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
On July
1, 2009 we adopted FASB Statement No. 168, The FASB Accounting Standards
Codification and the Hierarchy of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
FAS 168. FAS 168 became the single source of authoritative nongovernmental
US GAAP, superseding existing FASB, American Institute of Certified Public
Accountants AICPA, Emerging Issues Task Force EITF, and related
accounting literature. FAS 168 reorganizes the thousands of accounting
pronouncements into roughly 90 accounting topics and displays them using a
consistent structure. Also included is relevant Securities and Exchange
Commission guidance organized using the same topical structure in separate
sections. For convenience, references to pre-codification standards have been
retained in this filing but are accompanied parenthetically by a reference to
the appropriate section in the Accounting Standards Codification ASC, the
Codification. In future filings, all references to authoritative accounting
literature will be in accordance with the Codification only.
The
significant accounting policies are summarized as follows:
Basis
of Presentation
The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Central European Media
Enterprises Ltd. and our subsidiaries, after the elimination of intercompany
accounts and transactions.We consolidate the financial statements of
entities in which we hold at least a majority voting interest and entities in
which we hold less than a majority voting interest but over which we have the
ability to exercise control. Entities in which we hold less than a majority
voting interest but over which we exercise significant influence are accounted
for using the equity method. Other investments are accounted for using the cost
method.
Revenue
Recognition
Revenue
is recognized when there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement, delivery of
products has occurred or services have been rendered, the price is fixed or
determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. A bad debt provision is
maintained for estimated losses resulting from our customers inability to make
payments.
Revenues
are recognized net of discounts and customer sales incentives.Our
principal revenue streams and their respective accounting treatments are
discussed below:
Advertising
revenue
Revenues
primarily result from the sale of advertising time.Television
advertising revenue is recognized as the commercials are aired.In
certain countries, we commit to provide advertisers with certain rating levels
in connection with their advertising.Revenue is recorded net of
estimated shortfalls, which are usually settled by providing the advertiser
additional advertising time.Discounts and agency commissions are
recognized at the point when the advertising is broadcast and are reflected as a
reduction to gross revenue.
Program
distribution revenue
Program
distribution revenue is recognized when the relevant agreement has been entered
into, the product is available for delivery, the license period has begun,
collectability of the cash is reasonably assured and all of our contractual
obligations have been satisfied.
Subscription
revenues
Subscriber
fees from cable operators and direct-to-home broadcasters are recognized as
revenue over the period for which the channels are provided and to which the
fees relate.Subscriber revenue is recognized as contracted, based
upon the level of subscribers.
Page
124
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
Barter
transactions
Barter
transactions represent advertising time exchanged for non-cash goods and/or
services, such as promotional items, advertising, supplies, equipment and
services.Revenue from barter transactions is recognized as income
when advertisements are broadcast.Expenses are recognized when goods
or services are received or used.We record barter transactions at
the fair value of goods or services received or advertising surrendered,
whichever is more readily determinable.Barter revenue amounted to
US$ 37 million, US$ 56 million and US$ 50 million for the years ending
December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively.
Cash
and Cash Equivalents
Cash and
cash equivalents consist of cash on hand and marketable securities with original
maturities of three months or less.Cash that is subject to
restrictions is classified as restricted cash.
Property,
Plant and Equipment
Property,
plant and equipment is carried at cost, less accumulated
depreciation.Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method
over the estimated useful lives assigned to each major asset category as
below:
Asset
category
Estimated
useful life
Land
Indefinite
Buildings
25
years
Station
machinery, fixtures and equipment
4 -
8 years
Other
equipment
3 
8 years
Software
licenses
3 
5 years
Construction-in-progress
is not depreciated until put into use.Capital leases are depreciated
on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the estimated useful life of the
asset or the lease term.Leasehold improvements are depreciated over
the shorter of the related lease term or the life of the asset. Costs of repairs
and maintenance are expensed as incurred. Assets to be disposed of are reported
at the lower of carrying value or fair value, less costs of
disposal.
Long-Lived
Assets Including Intangible Assets with Finite Lives
Long-lived
assets include property, plant, equipment and intangible assets with finite
lives.
In
accordance with FASB Statement No. 144, Accounting for the Impairment or
Disposal of Long-Lived Assets FAS 144 ASC 360, we review long-lived
assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. The carrying values of
long-lived assets are considered impaired when the anticipated undiscounted cash
flows from such assets are less than their carrying values. In that event, a
loss is recognized based on the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the
fair value.
Page
125
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
Program
Rights
Purchased
program rights
Purchased
program rights and the related liabilities are recorded at their gross value
when the license period begins and the programs are available for
broadcast.
Purchased
program rights are classified as current or non-current assets based on
anticipated usage, while the related program rights liability is classified as
current or non-current according to the payment terms of the license
agreement.
Program
rights are evaluated to determine if expected revenues are sufficient to cover
the unamortized portion of the program.To the extent that expected
revenues are insufficient, the program rights are written down to their net
realizable value.
Program
rights are amortized on a systematic basis over their expected useful lives,
depending on their categorization.The appropriateness of the
amortization profiles are reviewed regularly and are as follows:
Amortization
%
Type
of programming
Run
1
Run
2
Run
3
Run
4
Run
5
Special
blockbuster
30
%
25
%
20
%
15
%
10
%
Films
and series, 2 runs
65
%
35
%
-
-
-
Films
and series, 3 runs
60
%
30
%
10
%
-
-
Long-run
series, Ukraine
85
%
15
%
-
-
-
Concerts,
documentaries, sports events, etc.
100
%
-
-
-
-
A
special blockbuster must meet specific requirements to be classified as such,
while the number of runs in other films and series is generally described in the
license agreement.
Produced
program rights
Program
rights that are produced by us consist of deferred film and television costs
including direct costs, production overhead and development costs. Program
rights are amortized on an individual production basis using the ratio of the
current periods gross revenues to estimated remaining total gross revenues from
such programs. Such program rights are stated at the lower of cost less
accumulated amortization or net realizable value.Program rights are
evaluated to determine if expected revenues are sufficient to cover the
unamortized portion of the program.To the extent that expected
revenues are insufficient, the program rights are written down to their net
realizable value.
Produced
program rights are classified as current or non-current assets based on
anticipated usage.
Goodwill
and Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets
Goodwill
represents the excess of the fair value of consideration paid over the fair
value of net tangible and other identifiable intangible assets acquired in a
business combination.In accordance with FASB Statement No. 142,
Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets FAS 142 ASC 350, the carrying value
of goodwill is evaluated for impairment on an annual basis, or more frequently
if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be
impaired.We evaluate goodwill for impairment in the fourth quarter
of each year, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the asset might be impaired. An impairment exists when the carrying value
of a reporting unit including its goodwill, exceeds its fair value after
adjusting for any impairments of long-lived assets or indefinite life intangible
assets.Goodwill impairment is measured as the excess of the carrying
value of goodwill over its implied fair value which is calculated by deducting
the fair value of all assets, including recognized and unrecognized intangible
assets from the fair value of the reporting unit.We have determined
that our reporting units are the same as our operating segments, except for
Romania Media Pro Entertainment which we determined to have three reporting
units Fiction, Production Services and Distribution and
Exhibition.
Page
126
Table of Contents
Indefinite-lived
intangible assets consist of certain acquired broadcast licenses and
trademarks.Broadcast licenses are assigned indefinite lives after
consideration of the following conditions:
we
intend to renew the licenses into the foreseeable
future;
we
have precedents of renewals or reasonable expectation of
renewals;
we
do not expect any substantial cost to be incurred as part of a future
license renewal and no costs have been incurred in the renewals to date;
and
we
have not experienced any historical evidence of a compelling challenge to
our holding these licenses.
Indefinite-lived
intangible assets are not amortized.We evaluate indefinite-lived
intangible assets for impairment in the fourth quarter of each year, or more
frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might
be impaired. Under FAS 142 ASC 350, an impairment loss is recognized if the
carrying value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair
value.
Fair
value is determined based on estimates of future cash flows discounted at
appropriate rates and on publicly available information, where
appropriate.In the assessment of discounted future cash flows the
following data is used: management plans for a period of at least five years, a
terminal value at the end of this period assuming an inflationary perpetual
growth rate, and a discount rate selected with reference to the relevant cost of
capital.
Income
Taxes
We
account for income taxes under the asset and liability method as set out in FASB
Statement No. 109, Accounting for Income Taxes FAS 109 ASC
740.Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the
expected tax consequences of temporary differences between the tax bases of
assets and liabilities and their reported amounts. Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable
income in the year in which the temporary differences are expected to be
recovered or settled. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to
reduce deferred tax assets to amounts which are more likely than not to be
realized. In evaluating the realizability of our deferred tax assets, we
consider available positive and negative evidence, including future reversals of
existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income, tax
planning strategies and recent financial operations.
In
accordance with FASB Interpretation No. 48, Accounting for Uncertainty in Income
Taxes an interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109 FIN 48 ASC 740, we
recognize in the consolidated financial statements those tax positions
determined to be more likely than not of being sustained upon examination,
based on the technical merits of the positions.
From time
to time, we engage in transactions, such as business combinations and
dispositions, in which the tax consequences may be subject to uncertainty.
Significant judgment is required in assessing and estimating the tax
consequences of these transactions. We prepare and file tax returns based on
interpretation of tax laws and regulations. In the normal course of business,
our tax returns are subject to examination by various taxing authorities. Such
examinations may result in future tax and interest assessments by these taxing
authorities. We only recognize tax benefits taken on tax returns when we believe
they are more likely than not of being sustained upon examination based on
their technical merits. There is considerable judgment involved in determining
whether positions taken on the tax return are more likely than not of being
sustained.
Page
127
Table of Contents
We
recognize, when applicable, both accrued interest and penalties related to
uncertain tax positions in income tax expense in the accompanying consolidated
statements of operations. The liability for accrued interest and penalties at
December 31, 2009 is US$ 02 million and US$ 06 million at December 31,
2008.
Foreign
Currency
Translation
of financial statements
Our
reporting currency and functional currency is the dollar.The
financial statements of our operations whose functional currency is other than
the dollar are translated from such functional currency to dollars at the
exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date for assets and liabilities,
and at weighted average rates for the period for revenues and expenses,
including gains and losses.Translational gains and losses are
charged or credited to Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income/Loss, a
component of Equity.Translation adjustments arising from
intercompany financing that is in the nature of a long-term investment are
accounted for in a similar manner.At December 31, 2009,a
translation loss of US$ 951 million December 31, 2008: a loss of US$ 387
million, December 31, 2007: a gain of US$ 792 million related to such
intercompany financing is included in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income/
loss.
Transactions
in foreign currencies
Gains and
losses from foreign currency transactions are included in Foreign currency
exchange gain/ loss, net in the Consolidated Statement of Operations in the
period during which they arise.
Use
of Estimates
The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at
the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and
expenses during the reporting year.Actual results could differ from
those estimates.
Leases
Leases
are classified as either capital or operating.Those leases that
transfer substantially all benefits and risks of ownership of the property to us
are accounted for as capital leases.All other leases are accounted
for as operating leases.
Capital
leases are accounted for as assets and are depreciated on a straight-line basis
over the shorter of the estimated useful life of the asset or the lease
term.Commitments to repay the principal amounts arising under
capital lease obligations are included in current liabilities to the extent that
the amount is repayable within one year; otherwise the principal is included in
non-current liabilities.The capitalized lease obligation reflects
the present value of future lease payments.The financing element of
the lease payments is charged to interest expense over the term of the
lease.
Operating
lease costs are expensed on a straight-line basis over the term of the
lease.
Financial
Instruments
Fair
value of financial instruments
Page
128
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
The
carrying value of financial instruments, including cash, accounts receivable,
accounts payable, accrued liabilities, and credit facilities approximate their
fair value due to the short-term nature of these items.The fair
value of our Senior Debt is included in Note 6, Senior Debt.
Derivative
financial instruments
We use
derivative financial instruments for the purpose of mitigating currency risks,
which exist as part of ongoing business operations.As a policy, we
do not engage in speculative or leveraged transactions, nor do we hold or issue
derivative financial instruments for trading purposes.
Forward
exchange contracts and currency swaps are used to mitigate exposures to currency
fluctuations on certain short-term transactions generally denominated in
currencies other than our functional currency.These contracts are
marked to market at the balance sheet date, and the resultant unrealized gains
and losses are recorded in the Consolidated Statement of Operations, together
with realized gains and losses arising on settlement of these
contracts.
Stock-Based
Compensation
Stock
based compensation is accounted for under FASB Statement No. 123R,
Share-Based Payment FAS 123R ASC 718, which requires the recognition
of stock-based compensation at fair value. We calculate the fair value of stock
option awards using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and recognize the
compensation cost over the vesting period of the award.
Contingencies
Contingencies
are recorded in accordance with FASB Statement No. 5, Accounting for
Contingencies ASC 450.The estimated loss from a loss
contingency such as a legal proceeding or claim is recorded in the Consolidated
Statement of Operations if it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a
liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably
estimated.Disclosure of a loss contingency is made if there is at
least a reasonable possibility that a loss will be incurred.
Discontinued
Operations
We
present our results of operations, financial position and cash flows of
operations that have either been sold or that meet the criteria for
held-for-sale accounting as discontinued operations.At the time an
operation qualifies for held-for-sale accounting, the operation is evaluated to
determine whether or not the carrying value exceeds its fair value less cost to
sell.Any loss as a result of carrying value in excess of fair value
less cost to sell is recorded in the period the operation meets held-for-sale
accounting.Management judgment is required to 1 assess the
criteria required to meet held-for-sale accounting, and 2 estimate fair
value.Changes to the operation could cause it to no longer qualify
for held-for-sale accounting and changes to fair value could result in an
increase or decrease to previously recognized losses.
In the
fourth quarter of 2008, we agreed to acquire 100% of the KINO channel from our
minority partners and to sell them our interest in the CITI channel. The
transaction closed in February 2009. The results of the CITI channel were
treated as discontinued operations for each period presented. See Note 20,
Discontinued Operations.
Advertising
Costs
Advertising
costs are expensed as incurred.Advertising expense incurred for the
years ending December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 totaled US$ 135 million, US$ 159
million and US$ 117 million, respectively.
Page
129
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
Earnings
Per Share
Basic net
income per share is computed using the weighted-average number of common shares
outstanding during the period.Diluted net income per share is
computed using the weighted-average number of common and dilutive potential
common shares outstanding during the period.
Noncontrolling
Interests
On
January 1, 2009, we adopted FASB Statement No. 160, Noncontrolling Interests in
Consolidated Financial Statements - an Amendment of ARB No. 51 FAS 160 ASC
810, which establishes accounting and reporting standards for the
noncontrolling interest in a subsidiary and for the deconsolidation of a
subsidiary.FAS 160 ASC 810 clarifies that a noncontrolling
interest in a subsidiary is an ownership interest in the consolidated entity
that should be reported as equity in the consolidated financial statements. FAS
160 ASC 810 also requires consolidated net income to be reported at amounts
that include the amounts attributable to both the parent and the noncontrolling
interest.It also requires disclosure, on the face of the
consolidated statement of income, of the amounts of consolidated net income
attributable to the parent and to the noncontrolling interest.FAS
160 ASC 810 also provides guidance when a subsidiary is deconsolidated and
requires expanded disclosures in the consolidated financial statements that
clearly identify and distinguish between the interests of the parents owners
and the interests of the noncontrolling owners of a subsidiary.
On
adoption of FAS 160 AS 810 we began to attribute the net losses of our
Bulgaria operations to the holders of the noncontrolling interest. This resulted
in a reduction to the net loss attributable to CME Ltd. in accordance with
paragraph 15 of Accounting Research Bulletin No. 51 Consolidated Financial
Statements ARB 51ASC 810. We had previously not attributed these losses
because it would have resulted in a deficit noncontrolling interest. Had we
continued to apply the previous requirements of ARB 51 ASC 810, the impact on
consolidated net income attributable to the Company and earnings per share would
have been as follows:
For
the Year Ended 
December
31, 2009
Net
income / loss attributable to CME Ltd. as reported
$
97,157
Deduct:
noncontrolling interest in income recognized since the adoption of FAS 160
ASC 810
10,910
Pro
Forma net income / loss
$
108,067
Net
loss per share Basic As reported
$
179
Net
loss per share Basic Pro Forma
$
199
Net
loss per share Diluted As reported
$
179
Net
loss per share Diluted Pro Forma
$
199
Other
than the increases in net losses for the year ended December 31, 2009 noted
above, we reclassified certain prior period balances in our Consolidated Balance
Sheet, Consolidated Statement of Operations and Statement of Equity to reflect
the new presentation requirements of FAS 160 ASC 810 as shown
below.
Convertible
Debt
On
January 1, 2009, we adopted FASB Staff Position No. APB 14-1, Accounting for
Convertible Debt Instruments That May Be Settled in Cash Upon Conversion
Including Partial Cash Settlement FSP APB 14-1 ASC 470, which clarifies
the accounting for convertible debt instruments that may be settled in cash
including partial cash settlement upon conversion. FSP APB 14-1 ASC 470
requires issuers to account separately for the liability and equity components
of certain convertible debt instruments in a manner that reflects the issuer
non-convertible debt unsecured debt borrowing rate when interest cost is
recognized. FSP APB 14-1 ASC 470 requires bifurcation of a component of the
debt including allocated issuance costs, classification of that component in
equity and the accretion of the resulting discount on the debt and the allocated
acquisition costs to be recognized as part of interest expense in the
Consolidated Statement of Operations.
Page
130
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
FSP APB
14-1 ASC 470 requires retrospective application; therefore we restated both
openingequity in 2009 and comparative amounts for 2008 in the
consolidated financial statements in 2009 to reflect revised equity and
liability balances on issuance of our Convertible Notes as defined hereinafter
of US$ 1081 million net of allocated acquisition costs and US$ 3642 million,
respectively.
The
impact on the 2008 comparative amounts for the year ended December 31, 2008 of
the adoption of both FSP APB 14-1 ASC 470 and FAS 160 ASC 810 was as
follows:
Impact
of adopting
As
reported
FSP
APB 14-1 ASC 470
FAS
160 ASC 810
As
Adjusted
Consolidated
Statement of Operations
For
the Year ended December 31, 2008
Interest
expense
$
68,475
$
14,006
$
-
$
82,481
Noncontrolling
interest in income of consolidated subsidiaries 1
2,071
-
4
2,067
Net
loss / income
$
255,544
$
14,006
$
4
$
269,546
Net
loss per share
Net
loss Basic
$
604
$
033
$
000
$
637
Net
loss Diluted
$
604
$
033
$
000
$
637
As
at December 31, 2008
Impact
of adopting
As
reported
FSP
APB 14-1 ASC 470
FAS
160 ASC 810
As
Adjusted
Consolidated
Balance Sheet
Other
current assets
$
98,725
$
639
$
-
$
98,086
Other
non-current assets
20,743
1,478
-
19,265
Senior
Debt
1,024,721
96,196
-
928,525
Additional
paid-in capital
1,018,532
108,085
-
1,126,617
Accumulated
deficit
224,086
14,006
1,256
236,836
Accumulated
Other ComprehensiveIncome
$
203,346
$
-
$
1,256
$
202,090
1 As
required by FAS 160 ASC 810, minority interest in income of consolidated
subsidiaries was renamed Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests.
We also reclassified the associated Minority Interest account in the
Consolidated Balance Sheet into Equity and renamed it Noncontrolling
interests.
Page
131
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
Business
Combinations
On
January 1, 2009, we adopted FASB Statement No. 141R, BusinessCombinations FAS
141R ASC 805, which establishes principles and requirements for how the
acquirer:a recognizes and measures in its financial statements the
identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities assumed, and any noncontrolling
interest in the acquiree; b recognizes and measures the goodwill acquired in
the business combination or a gain from a bargain purchase; and c determines
what information to disclose to enable users of the financial statements to
evaluate the nature and financial effects of the business
combination.FAS 141R ASC 805 requires contingent consideration
to be recognized at its fair value on the acquisition date and, for certain
arrangements, changes in fair value to be recognized in earnings until
settled.FAS 141R ASC 805 also requires acquisition-related
transaction and restructuring costs to be expensed rather than treated as part
of the cost of the acquisition.FAS 141R ASC 805 applies
prospectively to business combinations for which the acquisition date is on or
after the beginning of the first annual reporting period beginning on or after
December 15, 2008.Because the requirements of FAS 141R ASC 805
are largely prospective, its adoption did not have a material impact on our
financial position or results of operations. However, we recognized an expense
of approximately US$ 09 million in the fourth quarter of 2008 for acquisition
costs incurred on potential acquisitions that did not complete prior to December
31, 2008 and for which capitalization is prohibited under FAS 141R ASC
805.
On
January 1, 2009, we adopted the Emerging Issues Task Force EITF consensus on
Issue No. 08-7, Accounting for Defensive Intangible Assets EITF 08-7 ASC
350. The consensus addresses the accounting for an intangible asset acquired in
a business combination or asset acquisition that an entity does not intend to
use or intends to hold to prevent others from obtaining access a defensive
intangible asset. Under EITF 08-7 ASC 350, a defensive intangible asset would
need to be accounted for as a separate unit of accounting and would be assigned
a useful life based on the period over which the asset diminishes in value. EITF
08-7 ASC 350 was effective for transactions occurring after December 31, 2008.
The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our financial
position or results of operations.
On
January 1, 2009, we adopted FASB Staff Position No. FAS 142-3 Determination of
the Useful Life of Intangible Assets, FSP FAS 142-3 ASC 350 which aims to
improve consistency between the useful life of a recognized intangible asset
under FASB Statement No. 142 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets and the
period of expected cash flows used to measure the fair value of the asset under
FAS 141 R ASC 350, especially where the underlying arrangement includes
renewal or extension terms. FSP FAS 142-3 ASC 350 was effective prospectively
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2008. The adoption of FSP FAS
142-3 ASC 350 did not have a material impact on our financial position or
results of operations.
On
January 1, 2009, we adopted the EITF consensus on Issue No. 08-6, Equity Method
Investment Accounting Considerations EITF 08-6 ASC 323 which addresses
certain effects of FAS 141R ASC 805 and FAS 160 ASC 810 on an entitys
accounting for equity-method investments. The consensus indicates, among other
things, that transaction costs for an investment should be included in the cost
of the equity-method investment and not expensed and shares subsequently
issued by the equity-method investee that reduce the investors ownership
percentage should be accounted for as if the investor had sold a proportionate
share of its investment, with gains or losses recorded through earnings. EITF
08-6 ASC 323 is effective for transactions occurring after December 31, 2008.
The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our financial
position or results of operations.
Derivative
Disclosure
Page
132
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
On
January 1, 2009, we adopted FASB Statement No. 161 Disclosures About Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activities an Amendment of FASB Statement No. 133 FAS
161 ASC 815 which enhances the disclosure requirements about derivatives and
hedging activities. FAS 161 ASC 815 requires enhanced narrative disclosure
about how and why an entity uses derivative instruments, how they are accounted
for under FASB Statement No. 133 Accounting for Derivative Instruments and
Hedging Activities FAS 133 ASC 815, and what impact they have on
financial position, results of operations and cash flows. FAS 161 ASC 815 is
effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years,
beginning on or after November 15, 2008. The adoption of FAS 161 ASC 815 did
not have a material impact on our financial position or results of
operations.
Subsequent
Events
In May
2009, we adopted, FASB Statement No. 165, Subsequent Events FAS 165 ASC
855. FAS 165 ASC 855 stipulates the period after the balance sheet date
during which management of a reporting entity should evaluate events or
transactions that may occur for potential recognition or disclosure in the
financial statements, the circumstances under which an entity should recognize
events or transactions occurring after the balance sheet date in its financial
statements and the disclosures that an entity should make about events or
transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date including a requirement
to disclose the date through which they have evaluated subsequent events and
whether the date corresponds with the release of their financial statements. FAS
165 ASC 855 was effective for interim and annual periods ending after June 15,
2009. The adoption of FAS 165 ASC 855 did not have a material impact on our
financial position or results of operations.
Recent
Accounting Pronouncements
In June
2009, the FASB issued FASB Statement No. 167, Amendments to FASB Interpretation
No. 46R FAS 167 ASC 810. FAS 167 ASC 810 amends FIN 46R ASC 810 to
require an analysis to determine whether a variable interest gives the entity a
controlling financial interest in a variable interest entity. This statement
requires an ongoing reassessment and eliminates the quantitative approach
previously required for determining whether an entity is the primary
beneficiary. FAS 167 ASC 810 is effective for fiscal years beginning after
November 15, 2009 and early adoption is prohibited. We are currently evaluating
the impact of adopting this standard on our financial position and results of
operations.
In June
2009, the FASB issued FASB Statement No. 166, Accounting for Transfers of
Financial Assets FAS 166 ASC 860. FAS 166 removes the concept of a
qualifying special-purpose entity from FASB Statement No. 140, Accounting for
Transfers and Servicing of Financial Assets and Extinguishment of Liabilities
FAS 140 ASC 860 and removes the exception from applying FASB
Interpretation No. 46 revised, December 2003, Consolidation of Variable
Interest Entities FIN 46R ASC 810. This statement also clarifies the
requirements for isolation and limitations on portions of financial assets that
are eligible for sale accounting. FAS 166 ASC 860 is effective for fiscal
years beginning after November 15, 2009. We are currently evaluating the impact
of adopting this standard on our financial position and results of
operations.
In
January 2010, the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update ASU 2010-2,
Accounting and Reporting for Decreases in Ownership of a Subsidiary a Scope
Clarification. The ASU clarifies the scope of the decrease in ownership
provisions of ASC 810-10 previously FASB Statement No. 160, Noncontrolling
Interests in Consolidated Financial Statements. ASU 2010-2 expands the scope
of the noncontrolling interest standard to include subsidiaries and groups of
assets that are businesses or are nonprofit activities. Accordingly, more
disposal transactions will be subject to the full gain and loss recognition
requirements in the consolidation guidance of ASC 810-10. There is, however an
exception for transactions that qualify as partial sales of in-substance real
estate even if these transactions involve businesses. Finally, the ASU expands
the required disclosures upon deconsolidation of a subsidiary. The ASUs
amendments are effective in the beginning of the period in which an entity
adopts Statement 160. The retrospective adoption of ASU 2010-2 for the year
ended December 31, 2009 did not have a material impact on our financial position
and results of operations.
Page
133
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
In
January 2010, the FASB issued ASU 2010-06, Improving Disclosures about Fair
Value Measurements. This ASU amends Subtopic 820-10 previously FASB Statement
No. 157 and requires new disclosures related to transfers into and out of
Levels 1 and 2 and separate disclosures related to purchases, sales, issuances
and settlements in the roll forward for Level 3 inputs. The update also
clarifies existing guidance for fair value measurements for each class of assets
and liabilities as well as for disclosures about inputs and valuation
techniques. ASU 2010-06 is effective for interim and annual reporting periods
beginning after December 15, 2009, except for the disclosures related to
purchases, sales, issuances and settlements in the roll forward for Level 3
inputs which are effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2010. The adoption of this update related to the Level 1 and
2 inputs did not impact our financial position or results of operations. We do
not expect there to be an impact on our financial position or results of
operations related to the Level 3 inputs upon implementation in the annual
period ending December 31, 2010.
3.ACQUISITIONS
AND DISPOSALS
Romania
Acquisition
of Media Pro Entertainment
In order
to progress our strategy to become a vertically integrated media company, on
December 9, 2009, we acquired the companies comprising Media Pro Entertainment
MPE from Media Pro Management S.A. and Metrodome B.V., together Media Pro,
two companies beneficially owned by Adrian Sarbu, our President and Chief
Executive Officer and member of our Board of Directors since December 8, 2009.
We purchased 100% of each of Media Pro Pictures S.A. Media Pro Pictures, Pro
Video s.r.l., Media Pro Music and Entertainment s.r.l., Media Pro Distribution
s.r.l., Hollywood Multiplex Operations s.r.l. and Media Pro Pictures s.r.o., as
well as the 922% interest that Media Pro Pictures holds in Media Pro Studios
Studiorile S.A. and the 51% interest that Media Pro Pictures holds in Domino
Production s.r.l. MPE produces and distributes television and film content and
owns studio and production facilities and cinemas in Central and Eastern
Europe.
We are
integrating our existing fiction, reality and entertainment television
production units with the acquired Media Pro Entertainment entities to create a
dedicated content division to be called Media Pro Entertainment consisting of
fiction, reality and entertainment production services and distribution
operations across all of our territories. This acquistion provides us with a
proven source of contents which will alllow us to create new content and further
diversify our revenue streams.This acquisition is expected to
deliver significant synergies over the medium-term, including in cost, quality
and availability of local production for our broadcast operations.
Total
consideration comprised US$ 100 million in cash, 22 million shares of our
Class A Common Stock with a fair value of US$ 554 million at the date of
acquisition and warrants to purchase an additional 850,000 shares of our Class
A common stock at an excercise price of US$ 2175 valued at US$ 138 million at
the date of acquisition. In connection with the acquisition, we transferred our
100% interest in Metrodome B.V. and our 87% interest in Media Pro Management
S.A. to Mr. Sarbu for no additional consideration, together valued at US$ 192
million at the date of acquisition.
Page
134
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
We
measured the fair value of the warrants using the Black Scholes method using the
following assumptions.
Market
Price
$
2520
Exercise
Price
$
2175
Expected
Term
6
years
Volatility
678
%
Dividend
Rate
0
%
Risk
Free Rate
167
%
Warrant
value
$
16198
Total
Value
$
13,768
At the
date of the acquisition, we determined that the warrants met the definition of
an equity instrument within the scope of EITF Issue No. 00-19 Accounting for
Derivative Financial Instruments Indexed to, and Potentially Settled in, a
Companys Own Stock EITF 00-19 ASC 480 and consequently recognized them
on issuance at fair value within Additional Paid-In Capital. Subsequent changes
in fair value have not been, and will not be, recognized as long as the
instruments continue to be classified within Equity.
We
performed a preliminary fair value exercise to allocate the purchase price to
the acquired assets and liabilities and separately identifiable intangible
assets as at December 9, 2009, which is complete with the exception of a final
review of certain tax positions. We expect to finalize the purchase price
allocation in the first quarter of 2010.The following table summarizes the
preliminary fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the
date of acquisition:
Fair
Value on Date of 
Acquisition
in
US$000s
Cash
and cash equivalents
$
6,638
Property,
plant and equipment
79,588
Program
rights
17,802
Trademarks
7,254
Other
intangible assets subject to amortization 1
4,992
Deferred
tax assets
11,960
Deferred
tax liabilities
18,812
Other
net liabilities
53,933
Noncontrolling
interest
4,067
Goodwill
2
47,023
Total
purchase price
$
98,445
1 The
other intangible assets subject to amortization consist of favorable lease
agreement and a contract to distribute Warner Brothers exclusively in Hungary
and Romania which are being amortized over the life of the lease and the
contract using the effective interest method
2 No
goodwill is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.
2008
Acquisition of Radio Pro
Page
135
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
In order
to further strengthen our position in the youth market in Romania and complement
our acquisition of the license for MTV Romania, on April 17, 2008 we purchased
certain assets of Radio Pro from companies controlled by Mr. Sarbu for total
consideration of RON 472 million approximately US$ 206 million at the date of
acquisition.
We
determined that the assets we acquired met the definition of a business and
therefore performed a fair value exercise to allocate the purchase price to the
acquired assets and liabilities and separately identifiable intangible
assets.The following table summarizes the fair values of the assets
acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition:
Fair
Value on Acquisition
in
US$000s
Property,
plant and equipment
$
2,561
Intangible
assets not subject to amortization 1
15,892
Goodwill
2
2,394
Total
purchase price 3
$
20,847
1
Intangible assets not subject to amortization comprise trademarks of US$ 17
million and broadcasting licenses of US$ 142 million.
2 No
goodwill is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.
3 The
total purchase price includes US$ 02 million of capitalized acquisition
costs.
Slovenia
Acquisition
of Televideo
On
September 2, 2009, we acquired the remaining 80% ownership interest in Televideo
for cash consideration of EUR 12 million approximately US$ 17 million at the
date of acquisition. Televideo operates the TV PIKA channel, a
female-orientated general cable channel. In connection with this transaction we
allocated EUR 02 million approximately US$ 03 million to trademarks and EUR
17 million approximately US$ 24 million to goodwill.
Ukraine
Acquisition
of KINO noncontrolling interest
In the
fourth quarter of 2008, in accordance with our stated objectives of establishing
multi-channel broadcasting platforms in all of our markets and acquiring the
remaining noncontrolling interests in our channels, we reached an agreement with
our minority partners to acquire 1000% of the KINO channel and to transfer to
them our interest in the CITI channel, a local station that broadcasts in the
Kiev region. In connection with this agreement, we segregated the broadcasting
licenses and other assets of the KINO channel and transferred them to
Gravis-Kino, a new entity spun off from Gravis LLC Gravis, which previously
operated both the KINO and the CITI channels.Between January 14,
2009 and February 10, 2009, we acquired a 1000% interest in the KINO channel by
acquiring from our minority partners their interests in Tor, Zhysa, TV Stimul,
Ukrpromtorg-2003 LLC and Gravis-Kino and selling to them for a de minimis amount
our interest in Gravis, which owns the broadcasting licenses and other assets of
the CITI channel. The total consideration paid by us for these interests was US$
100 million, including a payment of US$ 15 million for the use of studios,
offices and equipment of Gravis and the provision of other transitional services
through December 31, 2009. In addition, on February 10, 2009, we acquired from
an entity controlled by Alexander Tretyakov, our former partner in KINO and
CITI, a 100% ownership interest in Glavred-Media LLC Glavred for US$ 128
million. Glavred owns a number of websites and print publications as well as a
radio station. Igor Kolomoisky, a shareholder and member of our Board of
Directors, indirectly holds a 90% interest in Glavred.
Page
136
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
We
concluded that these transactions should be accounted for together as the
acquisition of a noncontrolling interest in a subsidiary where control is
maintained under FAS 160 ASC 810. Accordingly we recognized the excess of the
fair value of the consideration over the adjustment to noncontrolling interest
as an adjustment to additional paid-in capital.
The
amounts allocated to consideration for KINO totaled approximately US$ 239
million, represented by the fair value of the net assets of the CITI channel
transferred US$ 11 million, cash payments of US$ 85 million for the equity
interests, US$ 15 million for transitional services, and the US$ 128 million
we paid for the investment in Glavred, which we concluded formed part of the
consideration. We determined the Glavred investment to have a fair value of US$
nil at the date of acquisition.
The
balance of noncontrolling interest recorded at the date of acquisition was US$
nil because the operations had been loss-making. Therefore, the full
consideration of US$ 239 million was recognized as a reduction to
equity.
4.
GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
Our
goodwill and intangible assets are the result of acquisitions in Croatia, the
Czech Republic, Romania, the Slovak Republic, Slovenia and
Ukraine.No goodwill is expected to be deductible for tax
purposes.
Goodwill:
Goodwill
as at December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 is summarized as follows:
Bulgaria
Croatia
Czech
Republic
Romania
Slovak
Republic
Slovenia
Ukraine
TOTAL
Gross
balance, Dec 31, 2007
$
-
$
11,227
$
951,286
$
74,667
$
57,635
$
18,393
$
11,593
$
1,124,801
Accumulated
impairment losses
-
10,454
-
-
-
-
-
10,454
Net
balance, Dec 31, 2007
-
773
951,286
74,667
57,635
$
18,393
$
11,593
1,114,347
Additions
74,137
-
-
2,394
-
-
251,209
327,740
Allocation/Adjustment
-
-
-
525
-
-
59
584
Impairment
charge
64,044
-
-
-
-
-
262,743
326,787
Foreign
currency movement
10,093
34
62,350
4,200
4,007
1,005
-
73,675
Net
balance, Dec 31, 2008
$
-
$
739
$
888,936
$
72,336
$
61,642
$
17,388
$
-
$
1,041,041
Gross
balance, Dec 31, 2008
64,044
11,193
888,936
72,336
61,642
17,388
262,743
$
1,378,282
Accumulated
impairment losses
64,044
10,454
-
-
-
-
262,743
337,241
Page
137
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
Bulgaria
Croatia
Czech
Republic
Romania
Slovak
Republic
Slovenia
Ukraine
Media
Pro Entertainment 1
TOTAL
Gross
balance, Dec 31, 2008
$
64,044
$
11,193
$
888,936
$
72,336
$
61,642
$
17,388
$
262,743
$
-
$
1,378,282
Accumulated
impairment losses
64,044
10,454
-
-
-
-
262,743
-
337,241
Net
balance, Dec 31, 2008
$
-
$
739
$
888,936
$
72,336
$
61,642
$
17,388
$
-
$
-
$
1,041,041
Additions
-
-
-
-
-
2,439
-
47,023
$
49,462
Allocation/Adjustment
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Impairment
charge
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
$
-
Foreign
currency movement
-
18
47,332
2,511
1,348
571
-
988
$
45,770
Net
balance, Dec 31, 2009
-
$
757
936,268
69,825
62,990
20,398
-
46,035
$
1,136,273
Gross
balance, Dec 31, 2009
$
64,044
11,211
936,268
69,825
62,990
20,398
262,743
46,035
1,473,514
Accumulated
impairment losses
64,044
10,454
-
-
-
-
262,743
-
337,241
1 We
have determined that MPE has three reporting units: Fiction, Production services
and Distribution. As a result of the acquisition of MPE, goodwill was allocated
to each of the three reporting units based on the relative enterprise value of
each reporting unit. The enterprise value of each reporting unit was based on
discounted cash flow modes for each reporting unit.
Net
balance, Dec 31, 2008
Additions
Foreign
currency movement
Net
balance, Dec 31, 2009
Fiction
$
-
$
18,935
$
398
$
18,537
Production
services
-
10,164
214
9,950
Distribution
and Exhibition
-
17,924
376
17,548
TOTAL
MPE
$
-
$
47,023
$
988
$
46,035
Broadcast
licenses and other intangible assets:
The net
book value of our broadcast licenses and other intangible assets as at December
31, 2009 and 2008 is summarized as follows:
Indefinite-Lived
Broadcast Licenses
Amortized
Broadcast Licenses
Trademarks
Customer
Relationships
Other
Total
Balance,
December 31, 2007
$
50,748
$
187,178
$
60,084
$
73,267
$
2,145
$
373,422
Reallocation
1
-
-
-
-
624
624
Additions
14,177
139,235
50,198
598
7,473
211,681
Impairment
-
637
8,703
-
625
9,965
Amortization
-
25,088
1,054
8,155
1,084
35,381
Foreign
currency movements
5,069
18,630
3,478
2,570
1,042
25,649
Balance,
December 31, 2008
$
59,856
$
282,058
$
97,047
$
68,280
$
7,491
$
514,732
Additions
-
-
7,543
-
4,992
12,535
Impairment
-
75,788
76
-
4,882
80,746
Amortization
-
13,057
501
7,246
793
21,597
Foreign
currency movements
1,350
14,637
10,655
650
514
26,506
Balance,
December 31, 2009
$
58,506
$
178,576
$
93,358
$
61,684
$
6,294
$
398,418
1 At
December 31, 2007 we had not completed our purchase price allocation of MTS in
Romania. The carrying value of other intangible assets was adjusted during the
first quarter of 2008 to reflect the final value of our Trademark and
Programming Agreement with MTV NE which allows MTS access to MTV programming and
to use the MTV name.
Page
138
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
Our
broadcast licenses in Croatia, Romania and Slovenia have indefinite lives
because we expect the cash flows generated by those assets to continue
indefinitely.These licenses are subject to annual impairment
reviews.The licenses in Ukraine have economic useful lives between,
and are amortized on a straight-line basis over, two and eighteen
years.Licenses in the Czech Republic have an economic useful life
of, and are amortized on a straight-line basis over, twenty
years.The license in the Slovak Republic has an economic useful life
of, and is amortized on a straight-line basis over, thirteen years.
Customer
relationships are deemed to have an economic useful life of, and are amortized
on a straight-line basis over, five to fourteen years.Trademarks
have an indefinite life, with the exception of those acquired trademarks which
we do not intend to use, which have an economic life of, and are being amortized
over, between two and five years using the declining balance
method.
The gross
value and accumulated amortization of broadcast licenses and other intangible
assets was as follows at December31, 2009 and December31,
2008:
December
31, 2009
December
31, 2008
Gross
value
$
454,377
$
549,140
Accumulated
amortization
114,465
94,264
Net
book value of amortized intangible assets
$
339,912
$
454,876
Indefinite-lived
broadcast licenses
58,506
59,856
Total
broadcast licenses and other intangible assets, net
$
398,418
$
514,732
The
estimated future amortization expense for our intangible assets with finite
lives as of December 31, 2009 is as follows:
2010
$
26,346
2011
29,159
2012
28,557
2013
28,509
2014
28,773
Impairment
charges:
Summary.
We
recognized the following impairment charges in respect of goodwill,
indefinite-lived intangible and long-lived assets in the year ended
December31, 2009:
Page
139
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
Amortized
Trademarks
Amortized
Broadcast Licenses
Other
Intangible Assets
Other
Assets
Total
Bulgaria
$
76
$
75,788
$
4,882
$
1,097
$
81,843
We
recognized the following impairment charges in respect of goodwill,
indefinite-lived intangible and long-lived assets in the year ended December 31,
2008. We did not recognize any impairment charges in 2007.
Long-Lived
Assets
Goodwill
and Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets
Amortized
Trademarks
Amortized
Broadcast Licenses
Other
Intangible Assets
Indefinite-Lived
Trademarks
Goodwill
Total
Bulgaria
$
222
$
-
$
625
$
-
$
64,044
$
64,891
Ukraine
-
637
-
8,481
262,743
271,861
Total
$
222
$
637
$
625
$
8,481
$
326,787
$
336,752
Process
of reviewing goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets and long-lived assets
for impairment.
We review
both goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment in the
fourth quarter of each year under FASB Statement No. 142 Goodwill and Other
Intangible Assets FAS 142 ASC 350.Goodwill is evaluated at
the reporting unit level and each indefinite-lived intangible asset is evaluated
individually. Long-lived assets are evaluated at the asset group level under
FASB Statement No. 144 Accounting for the Impairment and Disposal of Long-Lived
Assets FAS 144 ASC 360 when there is an indication that they may be
impaired.
Whenever
events occur which suggest any assets in a reporting unit may be impaired an
evaluation of the goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, together with
the associated long-lived assets of each asset group, is performed. Outside our
annual review, there are a number of factors which could trigger an impairment
review and these could include:
under-performance
of operating segments or changes in projected
results;
changes
in the manner of utilization of an
asset;
severe
and sustained declines in the traded price of our Class A common stock
that are not attributable to factors other than the underlying value of
our assets;
negative
market conditions or economic trends;
and
specific
events, such as new legislation, new entrants, changes in technology or
adverse legal judgments that we believe could have a negative impact on
our business.
Goodwill
is evaluated for impairment at the reporting unit level. We have determined that
each of our operating segments is a reporting unit, with the exception of
Romania Media Pro Entertainment, which we determined to have three reporting
units as disclosed above. Long-lived assets are evaluated at the asset group
level and we have determined that, with the exception of Bulgaria, each
reporting unit is also an asset group because they are the lowest level for
which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other
assets and liabilities. In Bulgaria, there are two asset groups, RING.BG and
PRO.BG.
In
testing the goodwill of each reporting unit, the fair value of the reporting
unit is compared to the carrying value of its assets, including goodwill. If the
fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, the fair value
of the reporting unit is then measured against the fair value of its underlying
assets and liabilities, excluding goodwill, to estimate an implied fair value of
the reporting units goodwill. An impairment loss is recognized for any excess
of the carrying value of the reporting units goodwill over the implied fair
value of that goodwill after adjusting for any impairment of indefinite-lived
intangible assets or long-lived assets.
Page
140
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
Indefinite-lived
intangible assets are evaluated for impairment by comparing the fair value of
the asset to its carrying value. Any excess of the carrying value over the fair
value is recognized as an impairment charge.
Recoverability
of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount
of an asset group to our estimate of the undiscounted future cash flows we
expect that asset group will generate. If the carrying amount of an asset
exceeds our estimate of its undiscounted future cash flows, an impairment charge
is recognized equal to the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair
value of the respective asset.
Assessing
goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets and long-lived assets for
impairment is a complex iterative process that requires significant judgment and
involves a great deal of detailed quantitative and qualitative business-specific
analysis and many individual assumptions which fluctuate with the passage of
time.
Our
estimate of the cash flows our operations will generate in future periods forms
the basis for most of the significant assumptions inherent in our impairment
reviews. Our expectations of these cash flows are developed during our long- and
short-range business planning processes, which are designed to address the
uncertainties inherent in the forecasting process by capturing a range of
possible views about key trends which govern future cash flow
growth.
Historically,
the overall cash flow growth rates achieved by our operations have not provided
a good indication of future cash flows. This is largely because the markets in
which we operate are relatively new and have experienced high levels of growth
as advertising markets became rapidly established. Instead, we have observed
over many years a strong positive correlation between the macro economic
performance of our markets and the size of the television advertising market and
ultimately the cash flows we generate. With this in mind, we have placed a high
importance on developing our expectations for the future development of the
macro economic environment in general and the advertising market and our share
of it in particular. While this has involved an appreciation of historical
trends, we have placed a higher emphasis on forecasting these market trends,
which has involved detailed review of macro-economic data, a range of both
proprietary and publicly-available estimates for future market development, and
a process of on-going consultation with local management.
At
present, future macro economic developments in our markets are still uncertain.
There are a wide range of economic forecasts which generally anticipate
continued declines in the size of television advertising markets in the
countries in which we operate before they begin to recover in 2010. Some of the
key assumptions underpinning these forecasts include the size of the absolute
reduction in the television advertising market during the economic downturn, the
point at which growth will resume and the speed with which historical levels of
demand will be achieved. In developing our forecasts of future cash flows we
take into account available external estimates in addition to considering
developments in each of our markets, which provide direct evidence of the state
of the market and future market development. In concluding whether a goodwill
impairment charge is necessary, we perform the impairment test under a range of
possible scenarios. In order to check the reasonableness of the fair values
implied by our cash flow estimates we also calculate the value of our Class A
common stock implied by our cash flow forecasts and compare this to actual
traded values.
Page
141
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
In
evaluating our goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets and long-lived
assets for impairment we use the following valuation methods:
Measurement
Valuation
Method
Recoverability
of cash flows
Undiscounted
future cash flows
Fair
value of broadcast licenses
Build-out
method
Fair
value of trademarks
Relief
from royalty method
Fair
value of reporting units
Discounted
cash flow model
In all
cases, each method involves a number of significant assumptions over an extended
period of time which could materially change our decision as to whether assets
are impaired. The most significant of these assumptions, and the extent to which
they changed between the first quarter impairment review, the second quarter
impairment review and the annual impairment review done in the fourth quarter
are discussed below:
Cost of capital: The
cost of capital reflects the return a hypothetical market participant
would require for a long-term investment in an asset and can be viewed as
a proxy for the risk of that asset. We calculate the cost of capital
according to the Capital Asset Pricing Model using a number of
assumptions, the most significant of which is a Country Risk Premium
CRP. The CRP reflects the excess risk to an investor of investing in
markets other than the United States and generally fluctuates with
expectations of changes in a countrys macro economic environment. The
costs of capital that we have applied in all reporting units since the end
of 2008 have been very high compared to historic levels, which we believe
represents a fundamental re-pricing of the perceived risk of investing in
emerging markets. We observed a reduction in costs of capital between the
first quarter impairment review and the second quarter impairment review
in response to reductions in the CRP, which have decreased across emerging
market economies due to a narrowing of the relative spread between yields
on developed and emerging market debt, as the risk differential between
these is perceived by market participants to have diminished. There was a
negligible change in the cost of capital used between the second quarter
impairment review and fourth quarter annual impairment
review.
Growth rate into perpetuity:
reflects the level of economic growth in each of our markets from
the last forecasted period into perpetuity and is the sum of an estimated
real growth rate, which reflects our belief that macro economic growth in
our markets will eventually converge to western European markets, and long
term expectations for inflation. Our estimates of these rates are based on
observable market data and have not
changed.
Total advertising market:
The size of the television advertising market effectively places an
upper limit on the advertising revenue we can expect to earn in each
country. Our estimate of the total advertising market is developed from a
number of external sources, in combination with a process of on-going
consultation with local management. In our second quarter impairment
review, we reduced our forecast of the absolute size of the television
advertising markets compared to the first quarter impairment review. In
our annual impairment review performed in the fourth quarter, we
marginally increased our size of the television advertising markets based
on our expectation of higher growth rates as the markets begin to
recover.
Market share: This is a
function of the audience share we expect our stations to generate, and the
relative price at which we can sell advertising. Our estimate of the total
advertising market is developed from a number of external sources, in
combination with a process of on-going consultation with local management.
In general, in the second quarter impairment review we forecast that our
levels of market share will be comparable to, or slightly higher than we
assumed in the first quarter impairment review to reflect recent
improvements in our audience share. In our annual impairment review, we
forecast our market share to be lower than our assumptions in the second
quarter as a result of increased
competition.
Page
142
Table of Contents
Forecast operating
costs: The level of cash flow generated by each operation is
ultimately governed by the extent to which we manage the relationship
between revenues and costs. We forecast the level of operating costs by
reference to a the historical absolute and relative levels of costs we
have incurred in generating revenue in each station, b the operating
strategy of each business and c specific forecast costs to be incurred.
With the exception of the Czech Republic, where costs were reduced, in the
second quarter impairment review we forecast that operating costs will be
comparable or slightly higher in comparison with our assumptions in the
first quarter impairment review, to reflect the increased EBITDA margins
we had experienced in some operations compared to previous forecasts as we
have reduced costs. In the annual impairment review, we forecast our
operating costs to be comparable, or slightly lower in comparison with our
second quarter assumptions to reflect further cost reductions we
initiated.
Forecast capital
expenditure: The size and phasing of capital expenditure, both
recurring expenditure to replace retired assets and investments in new
projects, has a significant impact on cash flows. We forecast the level of
future capital expenditure based on current strategies and specific
forecast costs to be incurred. In line with our ongoing efforts to protect
our operating margins, the absolute levels of capital expenditure forecast
remained broadly constant between the first, second and fourth quarter
impairment reviews, however certain investment cash flows were delayed,
with a consequent marginal positive impact on the fair value of the
reporting units.
Impairment
reviews during 2009 and charges recognized
A number
of events occurred since the annual impairment review performed in the fourth
quarter of 2008 that suggested the need for further impairment testing in the
first two quarters of 2009 which resulted in additional impairment
charges:
a
continued reduction in the short and medium economic projections for our
markets by external analysts fuelled by a widespread perception that
Central and Eastern Europe had been heavily impacted by the global
economic crisis and growing sentiment that recovery would take longer than
expected;
increasing
reluctance of advertisers to make spending commitments, which had a larger
than expected impact on both the proportion of our advertising inventory
we could sell and a reduction in the prices we could
achieve;
continued
significant volatility in the price of shares of our Class A common stock,
particularly during the first quarter of
2009;
historically
high sovereign debt yields in our markets, suggesting a fundamental
re-pricing of risk by investors;
and
an
escalation of the economic crisis in Ukraine, including the downgrading of
its sovereign credit rating to CCC+ by Standard 
Poors.
All of
these factors were felt most acutely in the first quarter of 2009. The second
quarter saw a slight improvement in some macro economic indicators, which
continued into the second half of 2009.
During
the three months ended March 31, 2009, the price of our Class A common stock
decreased from a high of US$ 2273 per share to a low of US$ 486 per share. In
addition, when we updated our medium and long-term forecast models at March 31,
2009, we determined that the forecast future cash flows of all of our stations
had decreased compared to our previous estimates. We concluded that together
these two events constituted an indicator of possible impairment in all
reporting units and asset groups and it was therefore necessary to review them
for impairment under FAS 142 ASC 350 and FAS 144 ASC 360 the first quarter
impairment review.
Page
143
Table of Contents
Upon
reviewing all of our long-lived assets, indefinite-lived intangible assets and
goodwill in the first quarter impairment review, we concluded that a charge was
required to impair long-lived assets in Bulgaria. In all other cases, the extent
to which the respective assets tested passed the impairment test had reduced
since they were previously tested for impairment in the fourth quarter of 2008.
In the Czech Republic this decline had caused the result of the goodwill
impairment test to be particularly close, as discussed below.
Although
the price of our Class A common stock recovered during the three months ended
June 30, 2009, the financial performance of our stations continued to decline,
which caused us to revise our medium and long-term forecast models once more. We
concluded that this constituted an indicator of possible impairment in all
reporting units and asset groups and it was therefore necessary to perform
another impairment review the second quarter impairment review.
Upon
performing the second quarter impairment review we concluded that no further
impairment charges were required. In most reporting units, the extent to which
the respective assets passed the impairment test had remained comparable or
increased, largely as a result of falls in the return required by investors, and
we concluded no further impairment charges were required. In the Czech Republic
the excess of fair value over carrying value had increased and this is discussed
further below.
There
were no further indicators of impairment in the third or fourth quarter of 2009.
However, we performed our annual impairment review in accordance with FAS 142
ASC 350 in the fourth quarter of 2009. Market participants sentiment about
the future economic performance of our markets in general, and our ability to
capitalize on our competitive position in particular, appeared to improve by the
time of our annual impairment review. At the same time, the financial
performance of our stations began to stabilize. We therefore concluded that
there was no further impairment.
Bulgaria
We
revised our estimates of future cash flows in our Bulgaria operations at the
time of the first quarter impairment review to reflect our revised expectations
of a heavier contraction in the advertising market in 2009, lower growth in
future years and a more prolonged downturn. In addition, Bulgaria has been
heavily impacted by the global economic crisis, which has been reflected in the
returns expected by investors to reflect the increased actual and perceived risk
of investing in Bulgaria continuing to be higher than their historical norms. We
concluded that long-lived assets in the Pro.bg asset group were no longer
recoverable and recorded a charge to write them down to their fair value of US$
nil.
Czech
Republic
In the
first quarter impairment review, we concluded that our Czech Republic reporting
unit passed the first stage of the impairment test for goodwill, but that its
fair value had declined significantly since we tested it for impairment in the
fourth quarter of 2008 and was very close to its carrying value. This decline in
value was due to reductions in our cash flow forecasts to reflect the fact that
uncertainties over the macro economic environment had caused international
advertisers to become increasingly reluctant to make spending commitments. This
reluctance caused a contraction in the overall size of the advertising market
which manifested itself as a worse-than-expected decline in both the level of
advertising inventory our operations were able to sell and the prices at which
it could be sold.
In the
second quarter impairment review we concluded that the fair value of the
reporting unit had increased marginally, while the carrying value of the
reporting unit had reduced, resulting in a higher excess of fair value over
carrying value. The main reason for the increase in the fair value of the
reporting unit was a reduction in the cost of capital applied to reflect a
slightly lower perceived risk among investors in investing in the Czech
Republic, which in turn reflected marginally more encouraging macro economic
conditions in the Czech Republic in the second quarter of 2009 in comparison
with the first quarter. This slight improvement in discount factor was
commensurate with the higher average price for our Class A common stock in the
second quarter of 2009 than the first quarter. The improvement in the discount
factor was partially offset by slight downward revisions to our expectations of
cash flows for our Czech Republic operations to reflect their continuing decline
in financial performance in the first half of 2009.
Page
144
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
In the
fourth quarter annual impairment review, we concluded that the fair value of the
Czech Republic reporting unit had increased appreciably from the second quarter
impairment review resulting in a much higher excess of fair value over carrying
value. In general, this was primarily due to an upward revision to our expected
cash flows as a result of a more positive outlook in the market and the pace and
timing of the recovery in the market.
Impairment
reviews during 2008 and charges recognized
At the
time of our annual impairment review in 2008, there was a growing uncertainty in
all of our markets over future growth or contraction in the advertising markets,
a rapid deepening of the global economic crisis, including a widespread
withdrawal of investment funding from the Central and Eastern European markets
and companies with investments in them, particularly Ukraine, Bulgaria and
Romania. Significant and rapid falls in the price of our shares of Class A
common stock, beyond the point at which the carrying value of our net assets
exceeded the market value of our shares, an unprecedented spike in sovereign
debt yields in our markets, suggesting a fundamental re-pricing of risk by
investors; and an escalation of the economic and political crisis in Ukraine
following its receipt of a US$ 165 billion emergency loan from the IMF,
including a dispute with Russia over natural gas supplies.
Bulgaria
We
revised our cash flow projections for Bulgaria to reflect revised expectations
of contraction in the advertising market in 2009 and lower growth in future
years as a result of the global economic crisis and the increased actual and
perceived risk of investing in Bulgaria. We concluded that long-lived assets in
the Ring TV asset group were not recoverable and recorded a charge of US$ 09
million to write them down to their fair value of US$ nil. Assets in the Pro.bg
asset group were recoverable so no impairment charge was recorded although these
amounts were subsequently impaired. In addition, we recorded a charge of US$
640 million to write off goodwill because the fair value of the business did
not exceed the combined fair value of the assets.
Ukraine
In the
fourth quarter of 2008, the outlook for the Ukraine economy in general, and the
advertising market in particular, worsened significantly. This was both as a
result of the global economic crisis and factors unique to Ukraine, such as the
need for assistance from the IMF, increasing political instability caused by
disputes between the President and Prime Minister and a dispute with Russia over
supplies of natural gas. These developments were reflected in our evaluation of
the fair values of the assets of the reporting unit and of the reporting unit
itself through, a a decline in expected revenues resulting from an expectation
of lower growth in the advertising market in future years and b an increase in
the returns expected by investors to reflect the increased actual and perceived
risk of investing in Ukraine. As a result we recorded a charge of US$ 2719
million to write the carrying value of goodwill, the indefinite-lived trademark
and the KINO broadcasting license to US$ nil.
Page
145
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
5.INVESTMENTS
We hold
the following investments in unconsolidated affiliates:
Carrying
value
Type
of Affiliate
EffectiveVoting
interest
December
31, 2009
December
31, 2008
Media
Pro Management S.A.
Cost
Method Investment
87
%
-
16,559
$
-
$
16,559
Media
Pro Management S.A.
We
disposed of our investment in Media Pro Management S.A. on December 9, 2009 in
connection with our acquisition of Media Pro Entertainment. See Note 3
Acquisitions and Disposals: Romania.
6.SENIOR
DEBT
Our
senior debt comprised the following as at December 31, 2009 and December 31,
2008:
Carrying
Value
Fair
Value
December
31, 2009
December
31, 2008
December
31, 2009
December
31, 2008
EUR
4400 million 11625% Senior Notes
$
639,515
$
-
$
608,510
$
-
EUR
2450 million 825% Senior Notes
-
340,966
-
233,562
EUR
1500 million Floating Rate Senior Notes
216,090
208,755
153,424
125,253
USD
4750 million 350% Senior Convertible Notes
398,323
378,804
369,883
230,375
$
1,253,928
$
928,525
$
1,131,816
$
589,190
On
September 17, 2009 we issued EUR 2000 million approximately US$ 2881million
of 11625% senior notes due 2016 at an issue price of 98261%, and on September
29, 2009 we issued an additional tranche of EUR 2400 million Senior Notes due
2016 approximately US$ 3457 million at an issue price of 10275%
collectively the 2009 Fixed Rate Notes. The 2009 Fixed Rate Notes mature on
September 15, 2016.
On March
10, 2008, we issued US$ 4750 million of 350% Senior Convertible Notes the
Convertible Notes. The Convertible Notes mature on March 15,
2013.The carrying value of the Convertible Notes as at December 31,
2008 has been adjusted to reflect the impact of the adoption of FSP APB 14-1
ASC 470 see Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Convertible
Debt.
On May
16, 2007, we issued EUR 1500 million approximately US$ 2161 million of
floating rate senior notes the Floating Rate Notes, and collectively with the
2009 Fixed Rate Notes, the Senior Notes which bear interest at the six-month
Euro Inter Bank Offered Rate EURIBOR plus 1625% The applicable rate at
December 31, 2009 was 2616%. The Floating Rate Notes mature on May 15,
2014.
On May 5,
2005, we issued EUR 2450 million of 825% senior notes due 2012 the 2005
Fixed Rate Notes. The 2005 Fixed Rate Notes were issued with a maturity date
of May 15, 2012. On September 21, 2009 we repurchased 2005 Fixed Rate Notes
totaling EUR 632 million approximately US$ 910 million in aggregate
principal amount pursuant to a tender offer. On September 29, 2009 we issued a
redemption notice for redemption on October 29, 2009, of the remaining EUR 1818
million approximately US$ 2619 million aggregate principal amount of 2005
Fixed Rate Notes outstanding. The 2005 Fixed Rate Notes were redeemable at our
option in whole or in part upon payment of a redemption price, which was
104125% of the principal amount.In connection with the redemption,
approximately US$ 2900 million which represents the redemption price plus all
interest was paid on the settlement date in October 2009 and the indenture
pursuant to which the 2005 Fixed Rate Notes were issued was
discharged.
Page
146
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
Fixed
Rate Notes
2009
Fixed Rate Notes
Interest
is payable semi-annually in arrears on each March 15 and September
15.The fair value of the 2009 Fixed Rate Notes as at December 31,
2009 was calculated by multiplying the outstanding debt by the traded market
price.
The 2009
Fixed Rate Notes are secured senior obligations and rank pari passu with all
existing and future senior indebtedness and are effectively subordinated to all
existing and future indebtedness of our subsidiaries.The amounts
outstanding are guaranteed by two subsidiary holding companies and are secured
by a pledge of shares of those subsidiaries as well as an assignment of certain
contractual rights.The terms of our 2009 Fixed Rate Notes restrict
the manner in which our business is conducted, including the incurrence of
additional interest obligations, the making of investments, the payment of
dividends or the making of other distributions, entering into certain affiliate
transactions and the sale of assets see also Note 23, Restricted and
Unrestricted Subsidiaries.
In the
event that A there is a change in control by which i any party other than
certain of our present shareholders becomes the beneficial owner of more than
350% of our total voting power; ii we agree to sell substantially all of our
operating assets; or iii there is a change in the composition of a majority of
our Board of Directors; and B on the 60thday
following any such change of control the rating of the 2009 Fixed Rate Notes is
either withdrawn or downgraded from the rating in effect prior to the
announcement of such change of control, we can be required to repurchase the
2009 Fixed Rate Notes at a purchase price in cash equal to 1010% of the
principal amount of the 2009 Fixed Rate Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest
to the date of purchase.
The 2009
Fixed Rate Notes are redeemable at our option, in whole or in part, at the
redemption prices set forth below:
From:
Fixed
Rate Notes
Redemption
Price
September
15, 2013 to September14, 2014
105813
%
September
15, 2014 to September14, 2015
102906
%
September
15, 2015 and thereafter
100000
%
Certain
derivative instruments, including redemption call options and change of control
and asset disposition put options, have been identified as being embedded in the
2009 Fixed Rate Notes but as they are considered clearly and closely related to
the 2009 Fixed Rate Notes, they are not accounted for separately. We have
included the net issuance premium within the carrying value of the 2009 Fixed
Rate Notes and are amortizing it through interest expense using the effective
interest method.
Floating
Rate Notes
Page
147
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
Interest
is payable semi-annually in arrears on each May 15 and November
15.The fair value of the Floating Rate Notes as at December 31, 2009
and December 31, 2008 was equal to the outstanding debt multiplied by the traded
market price.
The
Floating Rate Notes are secured senior obligations and rank pari passu with all
existing and future senior indebtedness and are effectively subordinated to all
existing and future indebtedness of our subsidiaries.The amounts
outstanding are guaranteed by two subsidiary holding companies and are secured
by a pledge of shares of those subsidiaries as well as an assignment of certain
contractual rights.The terms of our Floating Rate Notes restrict the
manner in which our business is conducted, including the incurrence of
additional indebtedness, the making of investments, the payment of dividends or
the making of other distributions, entering into certain affiliate transactions
and the sale of assets.
In the
event that A there is a change in control by which i any party other than
certain of our present shareholders becomes the beneficial owner of more than
350% of our total voting power; ii we agree to sell substantially all of our
operating assets; or iii there is a change in the composition of a majority of
our Board of Directors; and B on the 60thday
following any such change of control the rating of the Floating Rate Notes is
either withdrawn or downgraded from the rating in effect prior to the
announcement of such change of control, we can be required to repurchase the
Floating Rate Notes at a purchase price in cash equal to 1010% of the principal
amount of the Floating Rate Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date
of purchase.
The
Floating Rate Notes are redeemable at our option for the remainder of their
life, in whole or in part, at 1000% of their face value.
Certain
derivative instruments, including redemption call options and change of control
and asset disposition put options, have been identified as being embedded in the
Floating Rate Notes but as they are considered clearly and closely related to
the Floating Rate Notes, they are not accounted for separately.
Convertible
Notes
Interest
is payable semi-annually in arrears on each March 15 and September
15.The fair value of the Convertible Notes as at December 31, 2009
and December 31, 2008 was calculated by multiplying the outstanding debt by the
traded market price because we considered the value of the embedded conversion
option to be zero since the market price of our shares was so far below the
conversion price.
The
Convertible Notes are secured senior obligations and rank pari passu with all
existing and future senior indebtedness and are effectively subordinated to all
existing and future indebtedness of our subsidiaries.The amounts
outstanding are guaranteed by two subsidiary holding companies and are secured
by a pledge of shares of those subsidiaries as well as an assignment of certain
contractual rights.
Prior to
December 15, 2012, the Convertible Notes are convertible following certain
events and from that date, at any time, based on an initial conversion rate of
95238 shares of our Class A common stock per US$ 1,000 principal amount of
Convertible Notes which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of
approximately US$ 10500, or a 25% conversion premium based on the closing sale
price of US$ 8400 per share of our Class A common stock on March 4, 2008. The
conversion rate is subject to adjustment if we make certain distributions to the
holders of our Class A common stock, undergo certain corporate transactions or a
fundamental change, and in other circumstances specified in the Convertible
Notes.From time to time up to and including December 15, 2012,
we will have the right to electto deliver i shares of our Class A
common stock or ii cash and, if applicable, shares of our Class A common stock
upon conversion of the Convertible Notes. At present, we have elected to deliver
cash and, if applicable, shares of our Class A common stock. As at December 31,
2009, the Convertible Notes may not be converted.In addition, the
holders of the Convertible Notes have the right to put the Convertible Notes to
us for cash equal to the aggregate principal amount of the Convertible Notes
plus accrued but unpaid interest thereon following the occurrence of certain
specified fundamental changes including a change of control, certain mergers,
insolvency and a delisting.
Page
148
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
In order
to increase the effective conversion price of our Convertible Notes, on March 4,
2008 we purchased, for aggregate consideration of US$ 633 million, capped call
options over 4,523,809 shares of our Class A common stock from Lehman Brothers
OTC Derivatives Inc. the Lehman OTC Capped Call Options, 1,583,333 shares,
from BNP Paribas the BNP Capped Call Options , 1,583,333 shares and from
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. the DB Capped Call Options, 1,357,144 shares
together, the Capped Call Options. The amount of shares corresponds to the
number of shares of our Class A common stock that would be issuable on a
conversion of the Convertible Notes at the initial conversion price if we
elected to settle the Convertible Notes solely in shares of Class A common
stock. The Capped Call Options entitle us to receive, at our election, cash or
shares of Class A common stock with a value equal approximately to the
difference between the trading price of our shares at the time the option is
exercised and US$ 10500, up to a maximum trading price of US$ 15120. These
options expire on March 15, 2013. At present, we have elected to receive shares
of our Class A common stock on exercise of the Capped Call Options.
On
September 15, 2008, Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc., Lehman Holdings, and
collectively with Lehman OTC, Lehman Brothers, the guarantor of the
obligations of Lehman OTC under the capped call agreement, filed for protection
under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code. The bankruptcy filing of
Lehman Holdings, as guarantor, was an event of default that gave us the right to
early termination of the capped call option agreement with Lehman OTC and to
claim for losses. We exercised this right on September 16, 2008 and claimed an
amount of US$ 199 million, which bears interest at a rate equal to our estimate
of our cost of funding plus 1% per annum.
At the
date of purchase, we determined that all of the Capped Call Options met the
definition of an equity instrument within the scope of EITF 00-19 ASC 480 and
consequently recognized them on issuance at fair value within additional paid-in
capital. We believe that this classification is still correct with respect to
the BNP and DB Capped Call Options and have continued to recognize them within
Equity. Subsequent changes in fair value have not been, and will not be,
recognized as long as the instruments continue to be classified in
Equity.
We
concluded that from September 16, 2008, upon delivery of the termination notice,
the Lehman OTC Capped Call Options were effectively extinguished. The
nullification of the non-bankruptcy provisions of the original contract means
that the fair value of the instrument no longer varies with movements in the
value of an underlying previously, shares of our Class A common stock and
consequently the contract ceased to be a derivative instrument and ceased to
fall within the scope of EITF 00-19 ASC 815. Effective September 16, 2008, we
reclassified the US$ 222 million cost of the Lehman OTC Capped Call Options
from additional paid-in capital to accumulated deficit to reflect this
extinction. We further concluded that our claim did not meet the definition of
an asset because the future benefit it embodied was not sufficiently probable
and therefore treated our bankruptcy claim in accordance with FASB Statement No.
5 Accounting for Contingencies ASC 450.
On March
3, 2009, we assigned our claim in the bankruptcy proceedings of Lehman Brothers
to an unrelated third party for cash consideration of US$ 34 million, or 17% of
the claim value, which has been recognized as other income within selling,
general and administrative expenses in our Consolidated Statement of Operations.
See Note 21, Commitments and Contingencies: Lehman Brothers Bankruptcy
Claim.
Prior to
the termination of the Lehman OTC Capped Call Options, we noted that no dilution
would occur prior to the trading price of our Class A common stock reaching US$
15120.This conclusion was based on a number of assumptions,
including that we would exercise all Capped Call Options simultaneously, we
would continue with our election to receive shares of our Class A common stock
on the exercise of the Capped Call Options, and no event that would result in an
adjustment to the conversion rate of value of the options would have
occurred.
Page
149
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
Following
the termination of the Lehman OTC Capped Call Options, which represented 35% of
the total number of Capped Call Options we acquired on March 4, 2008, limited
dilution will occur following the exercise of the remaining BNP and DB Capped
Call Options if the price of shares of our Class A common stock is between US$
10500 per share and US$ 15120 per share when the Convertible Notes are
converted. The table below shows how many shares of our Class A common stock we
would issue following a conversion of the Convertible Notes and the exercise of
the remaining DB and BNP Capped Call Options for a variety of share price
scenarios. This table assumes the currently selected settlement methods continue
to apply and no event that would result in an adjustment to the conversion rate
or the value of the option has occurred:
Stock
price
Shares
issued on conversion of Convertible Notes
Shares
received on exercise of capped call options
Net
shares issued
Value
of shares issued US$ 000
$10500
and below
-
-
-
$
-
11000
205,628
133,658
71,970
7,917
12000
565,476
367,559
197,917
23,750
13000
869,963
565,475
304,488
39,583
14000
1,130,951
735,118
395,833
55,417
15120
1,382,274
898,478
483,796
73,150
$
20000
2,148,807
679,248
1,469,559
$
293,912
At
December 31, 2009, the Capped Called Options could not be exercised because no
conversion of any Convertible Notes had occurred. In the event any Convertible
Notes had been converted at December 31, 2009, no shares of our Class A common
stock would have been issuable because the closing price of our shares was below
US$ 10500 per share. The aggregate fair value of the remaining Capped Call
Options with DB and BNP at December 31, 2009 was US$ 10
million.
On
adoption of FSP APB 14-1 ASC 470, we calculated the value of the conversion
option embedded in the Convertible Notes and accounted for it separately in all
periods from March 10, 2008.
US$000
Principal
amount of liability component
Unamortized
discount
Net
carrying value
Equity
Component
As
at December 31, 2007
$
475,000
$
110,752
$
364,248
$
110,752
Amortization
of debt issuance discount
-
14,556
14,556
-
As
at December 31, 2008
$
475,000
$
96,196
$
378,804
$
110,752
Amortization
of debt issuance discount
-
19,519
19,519
-
As
at December 31, 2009
$
475,000
$
76,677
$
398,323
$
110,752
Page
150
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
The
remaining issuance discount is being amortized over the life of the Convertible
Notes, which mature on March 15, 2013.The effective interest rate on
the liability component for all periods presented was 103%.
Certain
other derivative instruments have been identified as being embedded in the
Convertible Notes, but as they are considered to be clearly and closely related
to the Convertible Notes they are not accounted for separately.
7.ACCOUNTS
RECEIVABLE
Accounts
receivable comprised the following at December 31, 2009 and December 31,
2008:
December
31, 2009
December
31, 2008
Third-party
customers
$
203,226
$
227,253
Less
allowance for bad debts and credit notes
17,667
14,663
Related
parties
2,311
8,913
Less
allowance for bad debts and credit notes
892
53
Total
accounts receivable
$
186,978
$
221,450
Bad debt
expense for the year ending December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 was US$ 45
million, US$ 25 million and US$ 19 million, respectively.
At
December 31, 2009, CZK 7135 million approximately US$ 388 million December
31, 2008: CZK 8207 million, US$ 447 million of receivables in the Czech
Republic were pledged as collateral subject to a factoring agreement see Note
11, Credit Facilities and Obligations under Capital Leases.
Page
151
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
8.OTHER
ASSETS
Other
current and non-current assets comprised the following at December 31, 2009 and
December 31, 2008:
December
31, 2009
December
31, 2008
Current:
Prepaid
programming
$
48,145
$
54,301
Productions
in progress
13,635
14,080
Other
prepaid expenses
9,567
7,286
Income
taxes recoverable
7,685
1,216
Deferred
tax
7,084
5,898
VAT
recoverable
6,749
3,460
Capitalized
debt costs
5,591
4,636
Assets
held for sale
-
5,484
Inventory
1,555
-
Restricted
Cash
1,046
821
Other
1,234
904
Total
other current assets
$
102,291
$
98,086
December
31, 2009
December
31, 2008
Non-current:
Capitalized
debt costs
$
22,816
$
13,282
Deferred
tax
11,281
2,108
Productions
in progress
7,737
-
Other
2,983
3,875
Total
other non-current assets
$
44,817
$
19,265
Capitalized
debt costs primarily comprise the costs incurred in connection with the issuance
of our Senior Notes and Convertible Notes see Note 6, Senior Debt, and are
being amortized over the term of the Senior Notes and Convertible Notes using
the effective interest method.The carrying value of the costs
related to the Convertible Notes above reflect the changes made by our adoption
of FSP APB 14-1 on January 1, 2009 see Note 2, Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies: Convertible Debt.
Assets
held for sale at December 31, 2008 represented assets relating to the CITI
channel.
Page
152
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
9.PROPERTY,
PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Property,
plant and equipment comprised the following at December 31, 2009 and December
31, 2008:
December
31, 2009
December
31, 2008
Land
and buildings
$
170,211
$
92,421
Station
machinery, fixtures and equipment
218,642
190,090
Other
equipment
36,272
35,470
Software
licenses
37,500
30,219
Construction
in progress
13,215
11,293
Total
cost
$
475,840
$
359,493
Less:Accumulated
depreciation
196,404
152,826
Total
net book value
$
279,436
$
206,667
Assets
held under capital leases included in the above
Land
and buildings
$
6,079
$
5,855
Station
machinery, fixtures and equipment
3,927
1,917
Total
cost
$
10,006
$
7,772
Less:Accumulated
depreciation
2,180
1,644
Net
book value
$
7,826
$
6,128
For
further information on capital leases, see Note 11, Credit Facilities and
Obligations under Capital Leases.
Depreciation
expense for the years ending December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 was US$ 546
million, US$ 526 million and US$ 335 million, respectively.This
includes corporate depreciation expense for the years ending December 31, 2009,
2008 and 2007 of US$ 10 million, US$ 09 million and US$ 08 million,
respectively, which is included in selling, general and administrative expenses
in the Consolidated Statement of Operations.
Page
153
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
10.ACCOUNTS
PAYABLE AND ACCRUED LIABILITIES
Accounts
payable and accrued liabilities comprised the following at December 31, 2009 and
December 31, 2008:
December
31, 2009
December
31, 2008
Accounts
payable
$
43,218
$35,778
Programming
liabilities
65,158
44,251
Duties
and other taxes payable
20,868
22,635
Accrued
staff costs
18,736
27,318
Accrued
interest payable
26,686
10,531
Income
taxes payable
3,909
7,399
Accrued
production costs
7,523
6,531
Accrued
legal contingencies
2,729
5,728
Accrued
legal and professional fees
964
430
Authors
rights
4,751
4,734
Other
accrued liabilities
19,157
9,550
Total
accounts payable and accrued liabilities
$
213,699
$174,885
Page
154
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
11.CREDIT
FACILITIES AND OBLIGATIONS UNDER CAPITAL LEASES
Group
loan obligations and overdraft facilities comprised the following at December
31, 2009 and December 31, 2008:
December
31, 2009
December
31, 2008
Credit
facilities:
Corporate
a
b
$
-
$
57,180
Czech
Republic
c
f
78,942
12,923
Romania
g
-
104
Slovak
Republic
h
-
-
Slovenia
i
37,675
-
Ukraine
j
-
172
Media
Pro Entertainment1
k
1,374
-
Total
credit facilities
$
117,991
$
70,379
Capital
leases:
Bulgaria
operations, net of interest
$
674
$
689
Romania
operations, net of interest
49
289
Slovak
Republic operations, net of interest
-
36
Slovenia
operations, net of interest
3,490
3,867
Media
Pro Entertainment operations, net of interest 1
1,736
-
Total
capital leases
$
5,949
$
4,881
Total
credit facilities and capital leases
$
123,940
$
75,260
Less
current maturities
117,910
36,502
Total
non-current maturities
$
6,030
$
38,758
1 We acquired Media Pro Entertainment
on December 9, 2009.
Corporate
a On
July 21, 2006, we entered into a five-year revolving loan agreement for EUR
1000 million approximately US$ 1441 million arranged by the European Bank
for Reconstruction and Development EBRD and on August 22, 2007, we entered
into a second revolving loan agreement for EUR 500 million approximately US$
720 million arranged by EBRD together with the EUR 1000 million facility,
the EBRD Loan.ING Bank N.V. ING and Ceska Sporitelna, a.s.
CS each participated in the EBRD Loan for EUR 375 million approximately
US$ 540 million. On September 17, 2009 we repaid the full EUR 1275 million
approximately US$ 1837 million outstanding under both facilities and
simultaneously terminated both agreements. In connection with extinguishing
these facilities, we incurred repayment charges and other costs of US$ 06
million. We also wrote off all remaining capitalized issuance costs within
interest expense.
Page
155
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
b We
have an uncommitted multicurrency overdraft facility for EUR 50 million
approximately US$ 72 million from Bank Mendes Gans BMG, a subsidiary of
ING, as part of a cash pooling arrangement. The cash pooling arrangement with
BMG enables us to receive credit across the group in respect of cash balances
which our subsidiaries in The Netherlands, the Czech Republic, Romania, the
Slovak Republic and Slovenia deposit with BMG. Cash deposited by our
subsidiaries with BMG is pledged as security against the drawings of other
subsidiaries up to the amount deposited.As at December 31, 2009, the
full EUR 50 million approximately US$ 72 million facility was available to
be drawn. Interest is payable at the relevant money market rate plus
20%.
As at
December 31, 2009, the net deposits and drawing of each of our operations in the
BMG cash pool was as follows:
Net
Deposits
Net
Drawings
Corporate
$
7,237
$
-
Czech
Republic
38
-
Slovakia
3,299
-
Slovenia
-
5,234
Ukraine
297
-
Total
$
10,871
$
5,234
Czech
Republic
c As at
December 31, 2009, CET 21 had drawn, in CZK, the full CZK 12 billion
approximately US$ 653 million of a credit facility with
CS.Interest was payable on this facility at a rate of 319% at
December 31, 2009. Drawings under this facility were secured by a pledge of
receivables, which are also subject to a factoring arrangement with Factoring
Ceska Sporitelna, a.s. FCS, a subsidiary of CS. The facility was repaid in
full February 22, 2010 and subsequently cancelled.
d As at
December 31, 2009, CZK 2500 million approximately $US 136 million, the full
amount of the facility had been drawn by CET 21 under a working capital facility
agreement with CS. Interest was payable on the facility at a rate of 319% at
December 31, 2009. Drawings under this facility were secured by a pledge of
receivables, which are also subject to a factoring arrangement with
FCS.
e As at
December 31, 2009, there were no drawings under a CZK 3000 million
approximately US$ 163 million factoring facility with FCS available until
September 30, 2011.The facility bears interest at one-month PRIBOR
plus 140% for the period that actively assigned accounts receivable are
outstanding.
fOn December 21, 2009, CET
21 spol. s r.o. CET 21, one of our wholly owned subsidiaries, entered into a
Facility Agreement the Erste Facility for up to CZK 30
billion approximately US$ 1633 million with Erste Group Bank A.G. as
arranger, esk Spoitelna, a.s. CSAS as facility agent and security agent,
and each of CSAS, UniCredit Bank Czech Republic, a.s. and BNP Paribas as
original lenders. We and certain of our subsidiaries, namely CME Slovak Holdings
B.V., CME Media Enterprises B.V., CME Romania B.V. and Markiza-Slovakia, spol.
S.r.o. Markiza, are guarantors under the Erste Facility together, the
Original Guarantors. On February 16, 2010 the aggregate commitment by the
lenders under the Erste Facility to CET 21 increased from CZK 25 billion
approximately US$ 1361 million to CZK 28 billion approximately US$ 1524
million. As of February 24, 2010, CZK 28 billion approximately US$ 1524
million has been drawn. The facility matures on April 30, 2012, subject to a
potential extension of one year. Interest under the facility is calculated at a
rate per annum of 490% above PRIBOR Prague interbank offered rate. As of
February 24, 2010, CET 21 had hedged the interest rate exposure on CZK 15
billion approximately US$ 817 million principal outstanding under the Erste
Facility. The repayment of the loan will commence 12 months from the date of the
Erste Facility, in four semi-annual instalments of 15% each and one instalment
of 40% on the maturity date assuming no extension. CET 21 may be required to
prepay amounts drawn in the event of specified changes of control. The Original
Guarantors have agreed to guarantee the obligations of CET 21 under the Erste
Facility by entering into an interest rate swap agreement see Note 24,
Subsequent Events. As security for the facility, CET 21 has pledged
substantially all of its assets, including its 100% ownership interest in CME
Slovak Holdings B.V. which in turn has an ownership interest, directly or
indirectly, in 100% of the registered capital of Markiza and its ownership
interest in 100% of the registered capital of Jyxo, s.r.o. and BLOG Internet,
s.r.o. In addition, CME Investments B.V. has granted security over the
receivables under inter-group loans made to CET 21 and Markiza, respectively.
The Erste Facility contains customary representations, warranties, covenants and
events of default. The covenants include limitations on CET 21s ability to
carry out certain types of transactions, incur additional indebtedness, make
disposals and create liens. The facility became available for drawing on January
18, 2010.
Page
156
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
Romania
g Our
Romania operations repaid US$ 01 million drawn from the BMG cash pool during
the year ended December 31, 2009.
Slovak
Republic
h As at
December 31, 2009, our Slovak Republic operations had made no drawings under a
EUR 33 million approximately US$ 48 million overdraft facility with
ING.This can be utilized for short term advances up to six months at
an interest rate of EURIBOR plus 20%.
Slovenia
i On
July 29, 2005, Pro Plus entered into a revolving facility agreement for up to
EUR 375 million approximately US$ 540 million in aggregate principal amount
with ING, Nova Ljubljanska Banka d.d., Ljubljana and Bank Austria Creditanstalt
d.d., Ljubljana.The facility amortizes by 100% each year for four
years commencing one year after signing, with the remaining 600% repayable
after five years.This facility is secured by a pledge of the bank
accounts of Pro Plus, the assignment of certain receivables, a pledge of our
interest in Pro Plus and a guarantee of CME Media Enterprises
B.V.Loans drawn under this facility bear interest at a rate of
EURIBOR for the period of drawing plus a margin of between 21% and 36% that
varies according to the ratio of consolidated net debt to consolidated
broadcasting cash flow for Pro Plus. A rate of 309% applied at December 31,
2009.As at December 31, 2009, the full EUR 225 million
approximately US$ 324 million was still available for drawing under this
revolving facility had been drawn.
Ukraine
j Our
Ukraine operations repaid US$ 02 million drawn from the BMG cash pool during
the year ended December 31, 2009.
Media
Pro Entertainment
k At
December 31, 2009, Media Pro Entertainment has an aggregate principal of RON 80
million approximately US$ 27 million of loans outstanding to Central National
al Cinematografei CNC, a state body which provides financing for qualifying
filmmaking projects. Upon acceptance of a particular project the CNC awards an
agreed level of funding to each project in the form of an interest free loan.
Loans to the CNC are typically advanced for a period of ten years and are repaid
through exploitation of the film content. At December 31, 2009 we had 11 loans
outstanding to the CNC with maturity dates ranging from 2011 to 2020. The
carrying amount at December 31, 2009 is shown net of a fair value adjustment to
reflect the interest free nature of the loans arising on
acquisition.
Page
157
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
Total
Group
At
December 31, 2009, the maturity of our debt including the carrying value of our
Senior Notes and Convertible Notes was as follows:
2010
$
116,630
2011
109
2012
-
2013
398,323
2014
216,329
2015
and thereafter
640,528
Total
$
1,371,919
Capital
Lease Commitments
We lease
certain of our office and broadcast facilities as well as machinery and
equipment under various leasing arrangements.The future minimum
lease payments from continuing operations, by year and in the aggregate, under
capital leases with initial or remaining non-cancelable lease terms in excess of
one year, consisted of the following at December 31, 2009:
2010
$
1,465
2011
1,549
2012
774
2013
534
2014
2,479
2015
and thereafter
-
$
6,801
Less:
amount representing interest
852
Present
value of net minimum lease payments
$
5,949
Page
158
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
12.OTHER
LIABILITIES
Other
current and non-current liabilities comprised the following as at December 31,
2009and
December 31, 2008:
December
31, 2009
December
31, 2008
Current:
Deferred
revenue
$
13,031
$
7,684
Consideration
payable Bulgaria
-
4,500
Consideration
payable Czech Republic
1,470
-
Consideration
payable - Romania
-
724
Consideration
payable - Slovenia
144
-
Onerous
contracts
-
1,994
Deferred
tax
3,327
177
Liabilities
held for sale
-
2,207
Other
142
-
Total
other current liabilities
$
18,114
$
17,286
December
31, 2009
December
31, 2008
Non-current:
Deferred
tax
$
75,110
$
89,126
Program
rights
6,876
9,922
Fair
value of derivatives
8,567
9,882
Consideration
payable Czech Republic
-
1,396
Income
taxes payable
507
1,070
Other
206
819
Total
other non-current liabilities
$
91,266
$
112,215
13.FINANCIAL
INSTRUMENTS AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS
FASB
Statement No. 157 Fair Value Measurements FAS 157 ASC 820 establishes a
hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to those valuation techniques used to
measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted
quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities level 1
measurements and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs level 3
measurements. The three levels of the fair value hierarchy under FAS 157 ASC
820 are:
Level
1
Unadjusted
quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement
date for identical, unrestricted
instruments.
Level
2
Quoted
prices in markets that are not considered to be active or financial
instruments for which all significant inputs are observable, either
directly or indirectly.
Level
3
Prices
or valuations that require inputs that are both significant to the fair
value measurement and unobservable.
Page
159
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
A
financial instruments level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the
lowest level of any input that is significant to the fair value
measurement.
We
evaluate the position of each financial instrument measured at fair value in the
hierarchy individually based on the valuation methodology we apply. At December
31, 2009, we had no material financial assets or liabilities carried at fair
value using significant level 1 or level 3 inputs and the only instruments we
value using level 2 inputs are the following currency swap
agreements:
Currency
Swap
On April
27, 2006, we entered into currency swap agreements with two counterparties
whereby we swapped a fixed annual coupon interest rate of 90% on notional
principal of CZK 107 billion approximately US$ 5825 million, payable on each
July 15, October 15, January 15, and April 15 up to the termination date of
April 15, 2012, for a fixed annual coupon interest rate of 90% on notional
principal of EUR 3759 million approximately US$ 5415 million receivable on
each July 15, October 15, January 15, and April 15 up to the termination date of
April 15, 2012.
These
currency swap agreements reduce our exposure to movements in foreign exchange
rates on a part of the CZK-denominated cash flows generated by our Czech
Republic operations that is approximately equivalent in value to the
Euro-denominated interest payments on our Senior Notes see Note 6, Senior
Debt. They are financial instruments that are used to minimize currency risk
and are considered an economic hedge of foreign exchange rates.These
instruments have not been designated as hedging instruments as defined under FAS
133 ASC 815 and so changes in their fair value are recorded in the
Consolidated Statement of Operations and in the Consolidated Balance Sheet in
other non-current liabilities.
We value
our currency swap agreements using an industry-standard currency swap pricing
model which calculates the fair value on the basis of the net present value of
the estimated future cash flows receivable or payable. These instruments are
allocated to level 2 of the FAS 157 ASC 820 fair value hierarchy because the
critical inputs to this model, including the relevant yield curves and the known
contractual terms of the instrument, are readily observable.
The fair
value of these instruments as at December 31, 2009, was a US$ 86 million
liability, which represented a decrease of US$ 13 million from the US$ 99
million liability as at December 31, 2008. This was recognized as a derivative
gain in the Consolidated Statement of Operations.
14.EQUITY
Preferred
Stock
5,000,000
shares of Preferred Stock, with a US$ 008 par value, were authorized as at
December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008.None were issued and
outstanding as at December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008.
Class
A and B Common Stock
100,000,000
shares of Class A common stock and 15,000,000 shares of Class B common stock
were authorized as at December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008.The
rights of the holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock are
identical except for voting rights.The shares of Class A common
stock are entitled to one vote per share and the shares of Class B common stock
are entitled to ten votes per share.Class B common stock is
convertible into Class A common stock for no additional consideration on a
one-for-one basis.Holders of each class of shares are entitled to
receive dividends and upon liquidation or dissolution are entitled to receive
all assets available for distribution to shareholders.The holders of
each class have no preemptive or other subscription rights and there are no
redemption or sinking fund provisions with respect to such shares.
Page
160
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
On May
18, 2009, we issued 145 million shares of Class A Common Stock at a price of
US$ 1200 per share and 45 million shares of Class B Common Stock at a price of
US$ 1500 per share to Time Warner Media Holdings B.V., an affiliate of Time
Warner Inc. Time Warner for an aggregate offering price of US$ 2415
million, net of fees of US$ 71 million.
On
September 28, 2009, the general partner of CME Holdco L.P., the holder of
approximately 63 million shares of Class B common stock and 60,000 shares of
Class A common stock, issued a notice of dissolution to the partners informing
them that it intended to dissolve the partnership and distribute its assets
pursuant to the terms of the partnership agreement. Due to the ownership
restrictions with respect to shares of Class B common stock as set forth in our
by-laws, a certain amount of shares of Class B common stock were converted to
shares of Class A common stock prior to the distribution of the partnership
assets.Following the conversion, Adele Guernsey L.P., a fund
affiliated with Apax Partners, received 3,168,566 shares of Class A common
stock, a minority partner of CME Holdco L.P. received 213,337 shares of Class A
common stock and entities affiliated with Ronald Lauder received 2,990,936
shares of Class B common stock.
On
December 9, 2009, in connection with the acquisition of Media Pro Entertainment,
we issued 1,600,000 shares of Class A common stock and warrants to purchase an
additional 600,000 shares of Class A common stock to Media Pro Management S.A.
and 600,000 shares of Class A common stock and warrants to purchase an
additional 250,000 shares of Class A common stock to Metrodome B.V.
There
were approximately 75 million shares of Class B common stock and 560 million
shares of Class A common stock outstanding at December 31, 2009.
15.INCOME
TAXES
As our
investments are predominantly owned by Dutch holding companies, the components
of the provision for income taxes and of the income from continuing operations
before provision for income taxes have been analyzed between their Netherlands
and non-Netherlands components.Similarly the Dutch corporate income
tax rates have been used in the reconciliation of income taxes.
Loss
/ income before provision for income taxes, noncontrolling interest, equity in
income of unconsolidated affiliates and discontinued operations:
The
Netherlands and non-Netherlands components of loss / income from continuing
operations before income taxes are:
For
the Years Ended December 31,
2009
2008
2007
Domestic
$
130,185
$
15,795
$
102,532
Foreign
240,923
213,374
233,559
$
110,738
$
229,169
$
131,027
Page
161
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
Total tax
charge for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 was allocated as
follows:
For
the Years Ended December 31,
2009
2008
2007
Income
tax benefit / expense from continuing operations
$
3,193
$
34,525
$
20,822
Income
tax benefit / expense from discontinued operations
3
64
29
Currency
translation adjustment in accumulated other comprehensive
income
-
-
20,202
Total
tax benefit / expense
$
3,196
$
34,461
$
40,995
Income
Tax Provision:
The
Netherlands and non-Netherlands components of the provision for income taxes
from continuing operations consists of:
For
the Years Ended December 31,
2009
2008
2007
Current
income tax expense:
Domestic
$
371
$
253
$
20,046
Foreign
19,003
49,431
51,806
$
19,374
$
49,684
$
31,760
Deferred
tax benefit /expense:
Domestic
$
2
$
21
$
-
Foreign
22,565
15,180
10,938
$
22,567
$
15,159
$
10,938
Benefit
/ provision for income taxes
$
3,193
$
34,525
$
20,822
Page
162
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
Reconciliation
of Effective Income Tax Rate:
The
following is a reconciliation of income taxes, calculated at statutory
Netherlands rates, to the income tax provision included in the accompanying
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2009,
2008 and 2007:
For
the Years Ended December 31,
2009
2008
2007
Income
taxes at Netherlands rates 255%
$
28,218
$
58,416
$
33,409
Jurisdictional
differences in tax rates
25,530
4,276
15,971
Tax
effect of goodwill impairment
-
73,092
-
Unrecognized
tax benefits
12,310
2,634
2,367
Interest
expense disallowed
-
1,150
4,347
Tax
effect of other permanent differences
655
6,724
2,597
Effect
of changes in tax rates
-
9
9,271
Change
in valuation allowance
11,350
7,192
9,803
Other
810
2,136
1,725
Provision
for income taxes
$
3,193
$
34,525
$
20,822
In 2008
we recognized impairment losses against goodwill in our Bulgaria, Ukraine
STUDIO 1+1 and Ukraine KINO, CITI operations for which there was no tax
credit. In 2009 we recognized impairment losses against intangible assets in
Bulgaria for which there was a tax credit at the Bulgarian statutory tax
rate.
Page
163
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
Components
of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities
The following table shows the
significant components included in deferred income taxes as at December 31, 2009 and
2008:
December
31, 2009
December
31, 2008
Assets:
Tax
benefit of loss carry-forwards and other tax credits
$
71,788
$
48,384
Programming
rights
19,366
3,119
Property,
plant and equipment
1,884
1,899
Accrued
expense
7,406
4,613
Other
8,352
4,684
Gross
deferred tax assets
108,796
62,699
Valuation
allowance
65,711
47,392
Net
deferred tax assets
43,085
15,307
Liabilities:
Broadcast
licenses, trademarks and customer relationships
$
69,193
$
86,670
Property,
plant and equipment
14,984
6,219
Programming
rights
8,308
478
Temporary
difference due to timing
10,672
3,236
Total
deferred tax liabilities
$
103,157
$
96,603
Net
deferred income tax liability
$
60,072
$
81,296
Page
164
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
Deferred
tax is recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as follows:
December
31, 2009
December
31, 2008
Net
current deferred tax assets
$
7,084
$
5,898
Net
non-current deferred tax assets
11,281
2,109
18,365
8,007
Net
current deferred tax liabilities
3,327
177
Net
non-current deferred tax liabilities
75,110
89,126
$
78,437
$
89,303
Net
deferred income tax liability
$
60,072
$
81,296
We
provided a valuation allowance against potential deferred tax assets of US$ 657
million and US$ 474 million as at December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively,
since it has been determined by management, based on the weight of all available
evidence, that it is more likely than not that the benefits associated with
these assets will not be realized.
During
2009, we had the following movements on valuation allowances:
Balance
at December 31, 2008
$
47,392
Credit
to costs and expenses
11,350
Companies
acquired
4,384
Charged
to Currency Translation Adjustment
25,378
Foreign
exchange
93
Balance
at December 31, 2009
$
65,711
Page
165
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
As of
December 31, 2009 we have operating loss carry-forwards that will expire in the
following periods:
Year
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
- 27
Indefinite
Austria
-
-
-
-
-
12,912
Bulgaria
-
-
8,841
10,976
24,879
-
Croatia
373
9,556
26,503
14,908
12,842
-
Cyprus
-
-
-
-
-
2,113
Czech
Republic
3,059
31
55
3,065
800
-
Netherlands
-
-
-
5,411
114,163
-
Romania
100
2,391
7,776
9,348
3,589
-
Slovenia
-
-
-
-
-
12,438
Ukraine
-
-
-
-
-
52,015
United
Kingdom
-
-
-
-
-
4,768
United
States
-
-
-
-
7,031
-
Total
3,532
11,978
43,175
43,708
163,304
84,246
The
losses are subject to examination by the tax authorities and to restriction on
their utilization.In particular the losses can only be utilized
against profits arising in the legal entity in which they arose. We have
provided valuation allowances against all the above operating loss
carry-forwards except those arising in Studio 1+1 in Ukraine and to the extent
they arise in the United Kingdom and the United States as we consider it more
likely than not that we will fail to utilize these tax benefits.
We have
not provided income taxes or withholding taxes on US$5347 million
2008: US$ 3612 million of cumulative undistributed earnings of our
subsidiaries and affiliates as these earnings are either permanently reinvested
in the companies concerned or can be recovered tax-free.It is not
practicable to estimate the amount of taxes that might be payable on the
distribution of these earnings.
We
recognize accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits
within the provision for income taxes. The liability for accrued interest and
penalties at December 31, 2009 is US$ 02 million and as at December 31, 2008 we
had an accrual of US $ 06 million.The decrease for the year of US$
04 million arose as a result of the statute of limitations expiring and this
amount was recognized in the income statement.
Page
166
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
A
reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits
is as follows:
Balance
at January 1, 2007
$
3,575
Decreases
for tax positions taken during a prior period
1,279
Increases
for tax positions taken during the current period
34
Decreases
resulting from the expiry of the statute of limitations
1,122
Other
515
Balance
at December 31, 2007
$
1,723
Increases
for tax positions taken during a prior period
1,130
Increases
for tax positions taken during the current period
1,999
Decreases
resulting from the expiry of the statute of limitations
495
Other
54
Balance
at December 31, 2008
$
4,303
Increases
for tax positions taken during a prior period
95
Increases
for tax positions taken during the current period
12,843
Decreases
resulting from the expiry of the statute of limitations
628
Other
23
Balance
at December 31, 2009
$
16,636
The total
amount of unrecognized benefits that, if recognized, would affect the effective
tax rate amounts to US$ 06 million. It is reasonably possible that the total
amount of unrecognized tax benefits will decrease by approximately US$ 03
million within 12 months of the reporting date as a result of tax audits closing
and statutes of limitations expiring.
Our
subsidiaries file income tax returns in The Netherlands and various other tax
jurisdictions including the United States. As at December 31, 2009, analyzed by
major tax jurisdictions, our subsidiaries are generally no longer subject to
income tax examinations for years before:
Country
Year
Bulgaria
2002
Croatia
2005
Czech
Republic
2006
Germany
2005
Netherlands
2007
Romania
2005
Slovak
Republic
2004
Slovenia
2004
Ukraine
2004
United
States
2001
United
Kingdom
2008
Page
167
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
16.INTEREST
EXPENSE
Interest
expense comprised the following for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and
2007 respectively:
For
the Year Ended December 31,
2009
2008
2007
Interest
on Senior Notes
$
52,478
$
43,962
$
41,549
Interest
on Convertible Notes
16,625
13,439
-
Interest
on EBRD Loan
3,921
1,384
1,118
Loss
on redemption of senior notes
9,415
-
3,380
Interest
on capital leases
236
384
336
Other
interest and fees
4,012
4,330
2,209
$
86,687
$
63,499
$
48,592
Amortization
of capitalized debt issuance costs
9,565
4,426
6,344
Amortization
of issuance discount on Convertible Notes
19,519
14,556
-
$
29,084
$
18,982
$
6,344
Total
interest expense
$
115,771
$
82,481
$
54,936
Interest
expense for the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007 reflects the impact of
adopting FSP APB 14-1 ASC 470 retrospectively see Note 2, Summary of
Significant Accounting Policies: Convertible Debt.
17.STOCK-BASED
COMPENSATION
6,000,000
shares have been authorized for issuance in respect of equity awards under a
stock-based compensation plan the Plan. Under the Plan, awards are made to
employees at the discretion of the Compensation Committee and to directors
pursuant to an annual automatic grant under the Plan or at the discretion of the
Board of Directors.
Grants of
options allow the holders to purchase shares of Class A common stock or Class B
common stock at an exercise price, which is generally the market price
prevailing at the date of the grant, with vesting between one and four years
after the awards are granted.
When
options are vested, holders may exercise them at any time up to the maximum
contractual life of the instrument which is specified in the option agreement.
At December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, the maximum life of options that had been
issued under the Plan was 10 years. Upon providing the appropriate written
notification, holders pay the exercise price and receive shares. Shares
delivered under the Plan are newly issued shares. No options were exercised in
2009. The intrinsic value of awards exercised during 2008 was US$ 08 million
2007: US$ 233 million and the income tax benefits realized thereon was US$
01 million in 2008 2007: US$ 11 million.
The
exercise of stock options has generated a net operating loss brought forward in
our Delaware subsidiary of US$ 85 million at January 1, 2009 and US$ 113
million at January 1, 2008. In the years ended December 31, 2009 and
December 31, 2008, tax benefits of US$ 03 million and US$ 13 million,
respectively, were recognized in respect of the utilization of part of this
loss, and were recorded as additional paid-in capital, net of US$ 03 million
and US$ 01 million of transfers related to the write-off of deferred tax assets
arising upon forfeitures for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008,
respectively. The losses are subject to examination by the tax authorities and
to restriction on their utilization.
Page
168
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
The
charge for stock-based compensation in our Consolidated Statements of Operations
was as follows:
For
the Year Ended December 31,
2009
2008
2007
Stock-based
compensation charged
6,218
6,107
5,734
Income
tax benefit recognized
317
641
479
As of
December 31, 2009, there was US$85 million of total
unrecognized compensation expense related to options.The expense is
expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 25
years.
Under the
provisions of FASB FAS 123R ASC 718, the fair value of stock options is
estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model and
recognized ratably over the requisite service period.
Pursuant
to the Plan, employees and members of our Board of Directors were awarded
options during the year ended December 31, 2009.The exercise price
of the options granted ranged from US$ 1752 to US$ 3644 per
share.The fair value of these option grants was estimated on the
date of the grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, with the
following assumptions used:
Date
of Option Grant
Number
of Options Granted
Risk-free
interest rate %
Expected
term years
Expected
volatility
%
Dividend
yield
%
Fair
value
US$/share
May
15, 2009
120,000
130
300
6240
00
738
May
15, 2009
353,875
130
375
5750
00
765
May
29, 2009
33,000
142
375
5814
00
828
June
19, 2009
5,000
184
300
6287
00
828
July
30, 2009
160,000
173
525
5360
00
1006
September
15, 2009
5,000
149
300
6395
00
1495
September
16, 2009
10,000
155
300
6403
00
1583
December8,
2009
5,000
121
300
6504
00
1133
Page
169
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
A summary
of option activity for the year ended December 31, 2009 is presented
below:
Shares
Weighted
Average Exercise Price
US$/share
Weighted
Average Remaining Contractual Term years
Aggregate
Intrinsic Value
Outstanding
at January 1, 2009
1,439,042
$
5081
617
$
1,458
Granted
691,875
1868
-
-
Exercised
-
-
-
-
Forfeited
130,167
5248
-
-
Outstanding
at December 31, 2009
2,000,750
$
3959
524
$
5,645
Vested
or expected to vest
1,868,694
3915
519
5,313
Exercisable
at December 31, 2009
1,093,000
$
4767
457
$
2,315
Under the
provisions of FAS 123R ASC 718, the fair value of stock options that are
expected to vest is estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes
option-pricing model and recognized ratably over the requisite servicing period.
The calculation of compensation cost requires the use of several significant
assumptions which are calculated as follows:
Expected forfeitures.
FAS 123R ASC 718 requires that compensation cost only be
calculated on those instruments that are expected to vest in the future.
The number of options that actually vest will usually differ from the
total number issued because employees forfeit options when they do not
meet the service conditions stipulated in the agreement. Since all
forfeitures result from failure to meet service conditions, we have
calculated the forfeiture rate by reference to the historical employee
turnover rate.
Expected volatility.
Expected volatility has been calculated based on an analysis of the
historical stock price volatility of the company and its peers for the
preceding period corresponding to the options expected life. We consider
this basis to represent the best indicator of expected volatility over the
life of the option.
Expected term. The
expected term of options granted has been calculated following the
shortcut method as outlined in section D 2, question 6 of SEC Staff
Accounting Bulletin No. 107Share Based
Compensation ASC 718 because our options meet the definition of plain
vanilla therein. Since insufficient data about holder exercise behavior
is available to make estimates of expected term, we have continued to
apply the shortcut method in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin No.
110, SAB 110 ASC 718.
The
weighted average assumptions used in the Black-Scholes model for grants made in
the years ending December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 were as follows:
For
the Years Ended December 31,
2009
2008
2007
Risk-free
interest rate
14
%
151
%
36
%
Expected
term years
392
460
49
Expected
volatility
572
%
4518
%
362
%
Dividend
yield
0
%
0
%
0
%
Weighted-average
fair value
$
831
$
1231
$
4048
Page
170
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
The
following table summarizes information about stock option activity during 2009,
2008, and 2007:
2009
2008
2007
Shares
Weighted
Average Exercise PriceUS$/share
Shares
Weighted
Average Exercise PriceUS$/share
Shares
Weighted
Average Exercise PriceUS$/share
Outstanding
at beginning of year
1,439,042
$
5081
1,176,117
$
5672
1,288,575
$
3551
Awards
granted
691,875
1868
342,000
3592
246,000
10848
Awards
exercised
-
-
21,075
5797
315,833
1298
Awards
expired
-
-
-
-
20,000
2300
Awards
forfeited
130,167
5248
58,000
8039
22,625
5179
Outstanding
at end of year
2,000,750
$
3959
1,439,042
$
5081
1,176,117
$
5672
The
following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding at
December 31, 2009:
Options
outstanding
Range
of exercise prices
Shares
Average
remaining contractual life years
Aggregate
intrinsic value US$
Weighted
average exercise price US$/share
$
001 - 2000
726,375
466
4,728
1710
$
2001 - 4000
577,750
617
917
2302
$
4001 - 6000
238,500
579
-
5278
$
6001 - 8000
217,000
459
-
6756
$
8001 - 10000
35,000
243
-
9043
$
10001 - 12000
206,125
521
-
11190
Total
2,000,750
524
5,645
3959
Expected
to vest
1,868,694
519
5,313
3915
The
following table summarizes information about stock options exercisable at
December 31, 2009:
Options
exercisable
Range
of exercise prices
Shares
Average
remaining contractual life years
Aggregate
intrinsic value US$
Weighted
average exercise price US$/share
$
001 - 2000
294,000
398
2,112
1642
$
2001 - 4000
225,625
470
203
2441
$
4001 - 6000
220,000
575
-
5231
$
6001 - 8000
187,000
421
-
6692
$
8001 - 10000
35,000
243
-
9043
$
10001 - 12000
131,375
479
-
11096
Total
1,093,000
457
2,315
4767
Page
171
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
18.EARNINGS
PER SHARE
The
components of basic and diluted earnings per share are as follows:
For
the Year Ended December 31,
2009
2008
2007
Net
loss / income from continuing operations attributable to CME Ltd.
shareholders
$
96,895
$
265,761
$
93,098
Net
loss from discontinued operations
262
3,785
4,480
Net
loss / income attributable to CME Ltd. Shareholders
97,157
269,546
88,618
Weighted
average outstanding shares of common stock 000s
54,344
42,328
41,384
Dilutive
effect of employee stock options 000s
-
-
449
Common
stock and common stock equivalents 000s
54,344
42,328
41,833
Net
loss / income per share:
Basic
$
179
$
637
$
214
Diluted
$
179
$
637
$
212
At
December 31, 2009, 1,328,052 December 31, 2008: 877,625 stock options and
warrants were antidilutive to income from continuing operations and excluded
from the calculation of earnings per share. These may become dilutive in the
future. Shares of Class A common stock potentially issuable under our
Convertible Notes may also become dilutive in the future, although they were
antidilutive to income at December 31, 2009.
19.SEGMENT
DATA
Through
the year ended December 31, 2009, we managed our business on a geographic basis
and reviewed the performance of each segment using data that reflects 100% of
operating and license company results.Our segments were Bulgaria,
Croatia, the Czech Republic, Romania, the Slovak Republic, Slovenia, Ukraine and
Romania Media Pro Entertainment.
We
evaluate the performance of our segments based on Net Revenues and EBITDA, which
is also used as a component in determining management bonuses.
Our key
performance measure of the efficiency of our segments is EBITDA
margin.We define EBITDA margin as the ratio of EBITDA to Net
Revenues.
EBITDA is
determined as net income / loss, which includes program rights amortization
costs, before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization of intangible
assets.Items that are not allocated to our segments for purposes of
evaluating their performance and therefore are not included in EBITDA,
include:
1foreign
currency exchange gains and losses;
2changes
in fair value of derivatives; and
3certain
unusual or infrequent items e.g., impairments of assets or
investments.
Page
172
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
Below are
tables showing our Net Revenues, operating costs, cost of programming,
depreciation, amortization, selling, general and administrative expenses,
impairment charges, operating loss / income, EBITDA and total assets by
operation for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 for Consolidated
Statement of Operations data and as at December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008
for Consolidated Balance Sheet data:
For
the Year Ended December 31,
Net
Revenues
2009
2008
2007
Bulgaria
1
$
3,520
$
1,263
$
-
Croatia
49,139
54,651
37,193
Czech
Republic
275,883
376,546
279,237
Romania
176,501
274,627
215,402
Slovak
Republic
107,356
132,692
110,539
Slovenia
66,710
80,697
69,647
Ukraine
32,033
99,458
126,838
Romania
Media Pro Entertainment 2
5,396
-
-
Total
Operating Segments
$
716,538
$
1,019,934
$
838,856
Corporate
$
-
$
-
$
-
Elimination
2,560
-
-
Total
$
713,978
$
1,019,934
$
838,856
1 We
acquired our Bulgaria operations on August 1, 2008.
2 We
acquired Media Pro Entertainment on December 9, 2009.
For
the Year Ended December 31,
Operating
Costs
2009
2008
2007
Bulgaria
1
$
6,244
$
2,289
$
-
Croatia
13,140
12,723
9,999
Czech
Republic
40,439
41,037
30,325
Romania
24,582
32,251
23,487
Slovak
Republic
19,496
19,379
21,017
Slovenia
12,085
14,329
12,185
Ukraine
17,520
$
23,202
$
19,846
Romania
Media Pro Entertainment 2
589
-
-
Total
Operating Segments
$
134,095
$
145,210
$
116,859
Corporate
$
-
$
-
$
-
Elimination
-
-
-
Total
$
134,095
$
145,210
$
116,859
1 We
acquired our Bulgaria operations on August 1, 2008.
2 We
acquired Media Pro Entertainment on December 9, 2009.
Page
173
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
For
the Year Ended December 31,
ost Of
Programming
2009
2008
2007
Bulgaria
1
$
34,979
$
6,506
$
-
Croatia
29,809
39,585
32,232
Czech
Republic
85,667
101,356
70,005
Romania
96,839
114,716
85,288
Slovak
Republic
61,325
52,162
37,258
Slovenia
30,117
32,823
27,988
Ukraine
48,699
91,055
74,459
Romania
Media Pro Entertainment 2
4,692
-
-
Total
Operating Segments
$
392,127
$
438,203
$
327,230
Corporate
$
-
$
-
$
-
Elimination
2,227
-
-
Total
$
389,900
$
438,203
$
327,230
1 We
acquired our Bulgaria operations on August 1, 2008.
2 We
acquired Media Pro Entertainment on December 9, 2009.
For
the Year Ended December 31,
Depreciation
2009
2008
2007
Bulgaria
1
$
2,696
$
535
$
-
Croatia
5,468
6,198
3,630
Czech
Republic
17,438
18,442
10,158
Romania
11,917
11,854
7,365
Slovak
Republic
7,461
6,027
3,905
Slovenia
6,343
5,526
4,647
Ukraine
2,060
3,086
2,948
Romania
Media Pro Entertainment 2
268
-
-
Total
Operating Segments
$
53,651
$
51,668
$
32,653
Corporate
$
992
$
889
$
842
Elimination
-
-
-
Total
$
54,643
$
52,557
$
33,495
1 We
acquired our Bulgaria operations on August 1, 2008.
2 We
acquired Media Pro Entertainment on December 9, 2009.
Page
174
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
For
the Year Ended December 31,
Amortization
of intangible assets
2009
2008
2007
Bulgaria
1
$
1,545
$
2,886
$
-
Croatia
-
-
-
Czech
Republic
11,194
22,723
18,652
Romania
2,386
3,294
3,146
Slovak
Republic
4,765
4,961
2,882
Slovenia
-
-
-
Ukraine
1,678
1,517
290
Romania
Media Pro Entertainment 2
29
-
-
Total
Operating Segments
$
21,597
$
35,381
$
24,970
Corporate
$
-
$
-
$
-
Elimination
-
-
-
Total
$
21,597
$
35,381
$
24,970
1 We
acquired our Bulgaria operations on August 1, 2008.
2 We
acquired Media Pro Entertainment on December 9, 2009.
For
the Year Ended December 31,
Selling,
General and Administrative Expenses
2009
2008
2007
Bulgaria
1
$
7,071
$
2,653
$
-
Croatia
5,967
7,758
8,844
Czech
Republic
21,314
25,498
22,411
Romania
16,570
15,877
13,552
Slovak
Republic
12,655
10,923
10,732
Slovenia
6,686
8,132
6,707
Ukraine
6,285
20,000
9,069
Romania
Media Pro Entertainment 2
381
-
-
Total
Operating Segments
$
76,929
$
90,841
$
71,315
Corporate
$
39,143
$
49,676
$
55,373
Elimination
-
-
-
Total
$
116,072
$
140,517
$
126,688
1 We
acquired our Bulgaria operations on August 1, 2008.
2 We
acquired Media Pro Entertainment on December 9, 2009.
Page
175
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
For
the Year Ended December 31,
Impairment
charges
2009
2008
2007
Bulgaria
1
$
81,843
$
64,891
$
-
Croatia
-
-
-
Czech
Republic
-
-
-
Romania
-
-
-
Slovak
Republic
-
-
-
Slovenia
-
-
-
Ukraine
-
271,861
-
Romania
Media Pro Entertainment 2
-
-
-
Total
Operating Segments
$
81,843
$
336,752
$
-
Corporate
$
-
$
-
$
-
Elimination
-
-
-
Total
$
81,843
$
336,752
$
-
1 We
acquired our Bulgaria operations on August 1, 2008.
2 We
acquired Media Pro Entertainment on December 9, 2009.
For
the Year Ended December 31,
Operating
income / loss
2009
2008
2007
Bulgaria
1
$
130,858
$
78,497
$
-
Croatia
5,245
11,613
17,512
Czech
Republic
99,831
167,490
127,686
Romania
24,207
96,635
82,564
Slovak
Republic
1,654
39,240
34,745
Slovenia
11,479
19,887
18,120
Ukraine
44,209
311,263
20,226
Romania
Media Pro Entertainment 2
563
-
-
Total
Operating Segments
$
43,704
$
78,121
$
265,829
Corporate
$
39,143
$
49,676
$
55,373
Elimination
333
-
-
Total
$
83,180
$
127,797
$
210,456
1 We
acquired our Bulgaria operations on August 1, 2008.
2 We
acquired Media Pro Entertainment on December 9, 2009.
Page
176
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
For
the Year Ended December 31,
EBITDA
2009
2008
2007
Bulgaria
1
$
44,774
$
10,185
$
-
Croatia
223
5,415
13,882
Czech
Republic
128,463
208,655
156,496
Romania
38,510
111,783
93,075
Slovak
Republic
13,880
50,228
41,532
Slovenia
17,822
25,413
22,767
Ukraine
40,471
34,799
23,464
Romania
Media Pro Entertainment 2
266
-
-
Total
Operating Segments
$
113,387
$
345,680
$
323,452
Corporate
$
38,151
$
48,787
$
54,531
Elimination
333
-
-
Total
$
74,903
$
296,893
$
268,921
1 We
acquired our Bulgaria operations on August 1, 2008.
2 We
acquired Media Pro Entertainment on December 9, 2009.
Total
assets 1:
December
31, 2009
December
31, 2008
Bulgaria
2
$
31,416
$
107,805
Croatia
54,612
50,431
Czech
Republic
1,390,579
1,306,997
Romania
383,556
387,845
Slovak
Republic
243,336
240,899
Slovenia
102,836
93,022
Ukraine
86,349
129,590
Romania
Media Pro Entertainment 3
179,267
-
Total
Operating Segments
$
2,471,951
$
2,316,589
Corporate
$
401,162
$
84,543
Elimination
326
-
Total
$
2,872,787
$
2,401,132
Reconciliation
to consolidated balance sheets:
Assets
held for sale 4
$
-
$
5,484
Total
assets
$
2,872,787
$
2,406,616
1
Segment
assets exclude any inter-company investments, loans, payables and
receivables.
2
We
acquired our Bulgaria operations on August 1,
2008.
3
We
acquired Media Pro Entertainment on December 9,
2009.
4
Assets
held for sale at December 31, 2008 represented the CITI channel, which was
disposed of in February 2009.
Page
177
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
Long-lived
assets 1:
December
31, 2009
December
31, 2008
Bulgaria
2
$
8,492
$
6,404
Croatia
11,743
13,450
Czech
Republic
66,533
61,463
Romania
45,229
52,193
Slovak
Republic
36,989
40,025
Slovenia
26,713
24,932
Ukraine
4,726
7,083
Romania
Media Pro Entertainment 3
78,213
-
Total
Operating Segments
$
278,638
$
205,550
Corporate
$
798
$
1,117
Elimination
-
-
Total
long-lived assets
$
279,436
$
206,667
1Reflects
property, plant and equipment.
2 We acquired our
Bulgaria operations on August 1, 2008.
3 We
acquired Media Pro Entertainment on December 9, 2009.
We do not
rely on any single major customer or group of major customers.
Following
the acquisition of Media Pro Entertainment and the implementation of our
strategy to become a vertically integrated media company, from January 1, 2010,
we will manage our business based on three divisions: Content largely comprised
of Media Pro Entertainment, Broadcast and New Media. We are still in the
process of identifying our operating and reporting segments following this
reorganization.
20.DISCONTINUED
OPERATIONS
In the
fourth quarter of 2008, in connection with an agreement with our minority
partners to acquire 100% of the KINO channel and sell to them our interest in
the CITI channel, we segregated the broadcasting licenses and other assets of
the KINO channel and transferred them to Gravis-Kino, a new entity spun off from
Gravis, which previously operated the KINO and the CITI
channels.Between January 14, 2009 and February 10, 2009, we acquired
a 100% interest in the KINO channel by acquiring from our minority partners
their interests in Tor, Zhysa, TV Stimul, Ukrpromtorg and Gravis-Kino and
selling to them our interest in Gravis, which owns the broadcasting licenses and
other assets of the CITI channel. We concluded that the CITI channel represented
a disposal group and therefore recognized the income and expenses of our CITI
channel as a discontinued operation in all periods presented. The assets and
liabilities of the CITI channel were classified as available for sale at
December 31, 2008 and were disposed of in the first quarter of
2009.
Page
178
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
21.COMMITMENTS
AND CONTINGENCIES
Commitments
aStation
Programming Rights Agreements
At
December 31, 2009, we had the following commitments in respect of future
programming, including contracts signed with license periods starting after the
balance sheet date:
December
31, 2009
Bulgaria
$
94,516
Croatia
33,950
Czech
Republic
95,611
Romania
140,278
Slovak
Republic
48,718
Slovenia
16,572
Ukraine
56,957
Media
Pro Entertainment 1
8,940
Total
$
495,542
1 We
acquired Media Pro Entertainment on December 9, 2009
Of the
amount shown in the table above, US$ 1412 million is payable within one
year.
b
Operating Lease Commitments
For the
years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 we incurred aggregate rent on all
facilities of US$ 106 million, US$ 140 million and US$ 118 million,
respectively.Future minimum operating lease payments at December 31,
2009 for non-cancellable operating leases with remaining terms in excess of one
year net of amounts to be recharged to third parties are payable as
follows:
December
31, 2009
2009
$
7,267
2010
5,306
2011
4,448
2012
6,398
2013
2,165
2014
and thereafter
11,332
Total
$
36,916
c
Acquisition of Minority Shareholdings in Romania
Adrian
Sarbu, our President and Chief Executive Officer, has the right to sell to us
his shareholding in Pro TV and MPI under a put option agreement entered into in
July 2004 at a price to be determined by an independent valuation, subject to a
floor price of US$ 145 million for each 10% interest sold. Mr. Sarbus right
to put his shareholding is exercisable until November 12, 2029. As at December
31, 2009, we considered the fair value of Mr. Sarbus put option to be
approximately US$ nil.
Page
179
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
d
Ukraine Transaction
In July
2009, we entered into an agreement with Igor Kolomoisky, a shareholder and
member of our Board of Directors, pursuant to which Mr. Kolomoisky and certain
of his affiliates would invest US $1000 million in cash and contribute the
entities that own and operate the TET TV channel in Ukraine, in exchange for
490% ownership interest in our Ukraine operations the 2009 Ukraine
Agreement. In January 2010 we entered into a new agreement with Mr. Kolomoisky
and a company beneficially owned by him in which we agreed to sell our entire
interests in our Ukraine operations for US$ 3000 million plus the reimbursement
of cash operating costs incurred by CME between signing and closing, estimated
to be approximately US$ 190 million, the Ukraine Transaction. In connection
with entering into the Ukraine Transaction, the 2009 Ukraine Agreement was
terminated.
e
Other
Czech
Republic - Factoring of Trade Receivables
CET 21
has a working capital credit facility of CZK 250 million approximately US$ 136
million with CS.This facility is secured by a pledge of receivables
under the factoring agreement with FCS.
The
transfer of the receivables is accounted for as a secured borrowing under FAS
140 ASC 860, with the proceeds received recorded in the Consolidated Balance
Sheet as a liability and included in current credit facilities and obligations
under capital leases. The corresponding receivables are a part of accounts
receivable, as we retain the risks of ownership.
Contingencies
a
Litigation
We are,
from time to time, a party to litigation or arbitration proceedings arising in
the normal course of our business operations. Other than the claim discussed
below, we are not presently a party to any such litigation or arbitration which
could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on our business
or operations.
Video
International Termination
On March
18, 2009, Video International Company Group, CGSC VI, a Russian legal
entity, filed a claim in the London Court of International Arbitration LCIA
against our wholly-owned subsidiary CME Media Enterprises B.V. CME BV, which
was, at the time the claim was filed, the principal holding company of our
Ukrainian subsidiaries. The claim relates to the termination of an agreement
between VI and CME BV dated November 30, 2006 the parent agreement. The
parent agreement was one of four related contracts by which VI subsidiaries,
including LLC Video International-Prioritet Prioritet, supplied advertising
and marketing services to Studio 1+1 in Ukraine and another subsidiary of the
Company. Among these four contracts were the advertising services agreement and
the marketing services agreements both between Prioritet and Studio 1+1. The
parent agreement provides that it automatically terminates upon termination of
the advertising services agreement. On December 24, 2008, each of CME BV, Studio
1+1 and the other CME subsidiary provided notices of termination to their
respective contract counterparties, following which each of the four contracts
terminated on March 24, 2009. On January 9, 2009, in response to a VI demand,
CME revised its termination notice and noted that the parent agreement would
expire of its own accord with the termination of the advertising services
agreement. In connection with these terminations, Studio 1+1 is required under
the advertising and marketing services agreements to pay a termination penalty
equal to i 12% of the average monthly advertising revenues, and ii 6% of the
average monthly sponsorship revenues, in each case for advertising and
sponsorship sold by Prioritet for the six months prior to the termination date,
multiplied by six. We determined the termination penalty to be UAH 377 million
approximately US$ 46 million and made a provision for this amount in our
financial statements in the fourth quarter of 2008. On June 1, 2009, we paid UAH
135 million approximately US$ 17 million to Prioritet and set off UAH 74
million approximately US$ 09 million against amounts owing to Studio 1+1
under the advertising and marketing services agreements. In its arbitration
claim, VI is seeking payment of a separate indemnity under the parent agreement
equal to the aggregate amount of Studio 1+1s advertising revenues for the six
months ended December 31, 2008. The aggregate amount of relief sought is US$
585 million. We believe that VI has no grounds for receiving such separate
indemnity and are vigorously defending the arbitration proceedings. We do not
believe it is probable that we will be required to make any payment and
accordingly have made no provision for it.
Page
180
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
b Lehman Brothers Bankruptcy
Claim
On March
4, 2008, we purchased for cash consideration of US$ 222 million, capped call
options from Lehman OTC See Note 6, Senior Debt: Convertible Notes over
1,583,333 shares of our Class A common stock which, together with purchases of
similar options from other counterparties, entitled us to receive, at our
election following a conversion under the Convertible Notes, cash or shares of
Class A common stock with a value equal to the difference between the trading
price of our shares at the time the option is exercised and US$ 10500, up to a
maximum trading price of US$ 15120.
On
September 15, 2008, Lehman Holdings, the guarantor of the obligations of Lehman
OTC under the capped call agreement, filed for protection under Chapter 11 of
the United States Bankruptcy Code. The bankruptcy filing of Lehman Holding, as
guarantor, was an event of default and gave us the right to terminate the capped
call agreement with Lehman OTC and claim for losses. We exercised this right on
September 16, 2008 and claimed an amount of US$ 199 million, which bears
interest at a rate equal to CMEs estimate of its cost of funding plus 1% per
annum.
On
October 3, 2008, Lehman OTC also filed for protection under Chapter
11.We filed claims in the bankruptcy proceedings of both Lehman
Holding and Lehman OTC. Our claim was a general unsecured claim and ranked
together with similar claims.
On March
3, 2009 we assigned our claim in the bankruptcy proceedings of Lehman Holdings
and Lehman OTC to an unrelated third party for cash consideration of US$ 34
million, or 17% of the claim value. Under the terms of the agreement, in certain
circumstances which we consider remote, including if our claim is subsequently
disallowed or adjusted by the bankruptcy court, the counterparty would be able
to recoup the corresponding portion of the purchase price from us. Likewise, if
the amount of recovery exceeds the amount of our claim, we may receive a portion
of that recovery from the claim purchaser.
c
Restrictions on dividends from Consolidated Subsidiaries and Unconsolidated
Affiliates
Corporate
law in the Central and Eastern European countries in which we have operations
stipulates generally that dividends may be declared by shareholders, out of
yearly profits, subject to the maintenance of registered capital and required
reserves after the recovery of accumulated losses. The reserve requirement
restriction generally provides that before dividends may be distributed, a
portion of annual net profits typically 5% be allocated to a reserve, which
reserve is capped at a proportion of the registered capital of a company
ranging from 5% to 25%.The restricted net assets of our
consolidated subsidiaries and equity in earnings of investments accounted for
under the equity method together are less than 25% of consolidated net
assets.
Page
181
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
22.
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
Overview
There is
a limited local market for many specialist television services in the countries
in which we operate; many of these services are provided by parties known to be
connected to our local shareholders, members of our management and Board of
Directors or our equity investees.As stated in FASB Statement No. 57
Related Party Disclosures FAS 57 ASC 850 transactions involving related
parties cannot be presumed to be carried out on an arms-length basis, as the
requisite conditions of competitive, free-market dealings may not
exist.We will continue to review all of these
arrangements.
Related
Party Groups
We
consider our related parties to be those shareholders who have direct control
and/or influence and other parties that can significantly influence management
as well as our officers and directors; a connected party is one in relation to
whom we are aware of the existence of an immediate family or business connection
to a shareholder. We have identified transactions with individuals or entities
associated with the following individuals or entities as related party
transactions: Adrian Sarbu, our President and Chief Executive Officer, member of
our Board of Directors and a shareholder in our Romania operations; Time Warner,
beneficial owners of approximately 310% of our outstanding shares and the right
to nominate two members of our Board of Directors; and Igor Kolomoisky,
beneficial owner of approximately 26% of our outstanding shares and a member of
our Board of Directors.
Related
Party Transactions
Adrian
Sarbu
Bulgaria:
We
purchased programming from companies related to or connected with Mr. Sarbu in
the year ended December 31, 2009 with a value of approximately US$ 01 million
2008: US$ 01 million; 2007: US$ nil. The total amount payable at December 31,
2009 was US$ nil December 31, 2008, US$ nil.
Croatia:
We
purchased programming from companies related to or connected with Mr. Sarbu in
the year ended December 31, 2009 with a value of approximately US$ 01 million
2008: US$ 01 million; 2007: US$ 20 thousand. The total amount payable at
December 31, 2009 was US$ 1 thousand December 31, 2008: US$ nil.
Czech
Republic:
We
purchased programming from companies related to or connected with Mr. Sarbu in
the year ended December 31, 2009 with a value of approximately US$ 04 million
2008: US$ 27 million; 2007: US$ 07 million. The total amount payable at
December 31, 2009 was US$ nil December 31, 2008: US$ 02 million.
Page
182
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
Slovak
Republic:
We
purchased programming from companies related to or connected with Mr. Sarbu in
the year ended December 31, 2009 with a value of approximately US$ 01 million
2008: US$ 19 million; 2007: US$ 41 thousand. The total amount payable as at
December 31, 2009 was US$ nil December 31, 2008: US$ 02 million.
Romania:
The total
purchases from companies related to or connected with Mr. Sarbu in the year
ended December 31, 2009 were approximately US$ 354 million 2008: US$ 471
million; 2007: US$ 283 million. Of this, US$ 283 million was in respect of
purchases of programming rights.At December 31, 2009, we owed
approximately US$ 04 million to companies related to or connected with Mr.
Sarbu December 31, 2008: US$ 13 million. The total sales to companies related
to or connected with Mr. Sarbu in the year ended December 31, 2009 were
approximately US$ 09 million 2008: US$ 19 million; 2007: US$ 31
million.At December 31, 2009, we were owed approximately US$ 15
million by companies related to or connected with Mr. Sarbu December 31, 2008:
US$ 86 million.
Certain
subsidiaries of the Company have entered into various production and
distribution arrangements with Imagine in Action, Inc. and Abandon S.R.L., two
television production and distribution companies controlled by Ms. Alma Sarbu,
the daughter of Adrian Sarbu. Pursuant to these arrangements, Media Pro
Entertainment paid these two companies an aggregate of approximately US$ 03
million in the year ended December 31, 2009, including the period prior to our
acquisition of Media Pro Entertainment.
On
December 9, 2009 we acquired Media Pro Entertainment from companies related to
or connected with Mr. Sarbu.See Note 3 Acquisitions and Disposals:
Romania.
On April
17, 2008 we acquired certain radio broadcasting assets of Radio Pro from
companies related to or connected with Mr. Sarbu for a purchase price of RON
472 million approximately US$ 206 million.
Slovenia:
We
purchased programming from companies related to or connected with Mr. Sarbu in
the year ended December 31, 2009 with a value of approximately US$ 01 million
2008: US$ 25 thousand; 2007: US$ 42 thousand. The total amount payable at
December 31, 2009 was US$ 29 thousand December 31, 2008: US$ nil.
Ukraine:
We
purchased programming from companies related to or connected with Mr. Sarbu in
the year ended December 31, 2009 with a value of approximately US$ 07 million
2008: US$ nil; 2007: US$ nil. The total amount payable as at December 31, 2009
was US$ nil December 31, 2008: US$ nil.
Time
Warner
Bulgaria:
We
purchased programming from companies related to or connected with Time Warner in
the year ended December 31, 2009 with a value of approximately US$ 370 million
2008: US$ 02 million; 2007: US$ nil. The total amount payable as at December
31, 2009 was US$ 16 million December 31, 2008: US$ 01 million.
Croatia:
We
purchased programming from companies related to or connected with Time Warner in
the year ended December 31, 2009 with a value of approximately US$ 44 thousand
2008: US$ 01 million; 2007: US$ 02 million. The total amount payable as at
December 31, 2009 was US$ nil December 31, 2008 US$ 01 million.
Page
183
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
Czech
Republic:
We
purchased programming from companies related to or connected with Time Warner in
the year ended December 31, 2009 with a value of approximately US$ 19 million
2008: US$ 582 million; 2007: US$ 24 million. The total amount payable as at
December 31, 2009 was US$ nil December 31, 2008: US$ nil.
Romania:
We
purchased programming from companies related to or connected with Time Warner in
the year ended December 31, 2009 with a value of approximately US$ 172 million
2008: US$ 142 million; 2007: US$ 132. The total amount payable as at
December 31, 2009 was US$ 297 million December 31, 2008: US$ 221
million.
Slovak
Republic:
We
purchased programming from companies related to or connected with Time Warner in
the year ended December 31, 2009 with a value of approximately US$ 16 million
2008: US$ 129 million; 2007: US$ 26 million. The total amount payable as at
December 31, 2009 was US$ 70 million December 31, 2008: US$ 36
million.
Slovenia:
We
purchased programming from companies related to or connected with Time Warner in
the year ended December 31, 2009 with a value of approximately US$ 23 million
2008: US$ 01 million; 2007: US$ 25 million The total amount payable as at
December 31, 2009 was US$ 06 million December 31, 2008: US$ 06
million.
Ukraine:
We
purchased programming from companies related to or connected with Time Warner in
the year ended December 31, 2009 of US$ 18 million 2008: US$ 14 million;
2007: US$ 23 million. The total amount payable as at December 31, 2009 was US$
07 million December 31, 2008: $ nil.
Igor
Kolomoisky
On June
30, 2008 we paid $1400 million to Mr. Kolomoisky, a shareholder and member of
our Board of Directors, in connection with our acquisition of the interests in
the Studio 1+1 group over which he held options.
As part
of the transactions involving the split of the KINO and CITI channels, on
February 10, 2009, we acquired a 10% ownership interest in Glavred for US$ 128
million, from an entity controlled by Alexander Tretyakov. Mr. Kolomoisky
indirectly owns 90% of Glavred.
We sold
technical services with a value of US$ 02 million to companies related to or
connected with CJSC TV Channel TET, an entity related to or connected with Mr.
Kolomoisky,in the year ended December 31, 2009. 2008: US$ nil;
2007: US$ nil. The total amount receivable as at December 31, 2009 was US$ 01
million 2008: US$ nil.
In July
2009, we entered into an agreement with Igor Kolomoisky pursuant to which Mr.
Kolomoisky and certain of his affiliates would invest US $1000 million in cash
and contribute the entities that own and operate the TET TV channel in Ukraine,
in exchange for 490% ownership interest in our Ukraine operations the 2009
Ukraine Agreement. In January 2010 we entered into a new agreement with Mr.
Kolomoisky and a company beneficially owned by him in which we agreed to sell
our entire interests in our Ukraine operations for US$ 3000 million plus the
reimbursement of cash operating costs incurred by CME between signing and
closing, estimated to be approximately US$ 190 million, the Ukraine
Transaction. In connection with entering into the Ukraine Transaction, the
2009 Ukraine Agreement was terminated.
Page
184
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
23.
RESTRICTED AND UNRESTRICTED SUBSIDIARIES
Under the
terms of the indentures governing the Floating Rate Notes and the 2009 Fixed
Rate Notes the 2007 Indenture and the 2009 Indenture respectively, we are
largely restricted from raising debt at the corporate level if the ratio of
Consolidated Interest Expense to Consolidated EBITDA both as defined in the
2007 Indenture and 2009 Indenture the Coverage Ratio is less than 20
times. For the purposes of the 2007 Indenture and the 2009 Indenture, the
calculation of the Coverage Ratio includes the company and its subsidiaries that
are Restricted Subsidiaries. Subsidiaries may be designated as Unrestricted
Subsidiaries and excluded from the calculation of Coverage Ratio by our Board
of Directors. Previously, all of our operations were Restricted Subsidiaries.
During the quarter ended June 30, 2009, our Board of Directors designated those
subsidiaries that comprised our Ukraine and Bulgaria operations as Unrestricted
Subsidiaries. This change in designation was immediately beneficial to us
because it resulted in the exclusion of the negative EBITDA of the Ukraine and
Bulgaria operations from the calculation of our Coverage Ratio. We also
designated a wholly owned subsidiary holding company, the entity that funds
those operations the Development Financing Holding Company, as an
Unrestricted Subsidiary at the same time we designated the Ukraine and Bulgaria
operations as Unrestricted Subsidiaries. The Unrestricted Subsidiaries had US$
2152 million in cash at December 31, 2009.
Our
Coverage Ratio is currently below 20 times, therefore our Restricted
Subsidiaries are restricted from making payments or investments in total of more
than approximately EUR 800 million approximately US$ 1152 million to our
Unrestricted Subsidiaries or to any other operations that are not restricted
subsidiaries. We have made US$ 347 million of such payments and as at December
31, 2009 we have capacity for approximately US$ 805 million of additional
payments or investments in the Unrestricted Subsidiaries in the event our
Coverage Ratio fell below 20 times.
When the
Ukraine Transaction closes see Note 24, Subsequent Events: Ukraine
Transaction the Development Financing Holding Company may choose to return any
unrequired portion of the US$ 1895 million that it holds to a Restricted
Subsidiary. There is no requirement to maintain a minimum cash balance in this
company and the US$ 1895 million cash balance remains available to our
Restricted Subsidiaries at any time.
If the
Developing Operations exhaust all available cash, it may be possible to
re-designate them as Restricted Subsidiaries provided that our Coverage Ratio is
not below 20 times on a pro-forma basis. Our Restricted Subsidiaries are not
restricted in the manner or amount of funding support they may provide to the
Unrestricted Subsidiaries if they are so re-designated. Such a re-designation
could have adverse consequences for our Coverage Ratio. If a funding need arises
for our Unrestricted Subsidiaries, and we are prevented from re-designating our
Developing operations as Restricted Subsidiaries, those operations would be
required to raise debt on a stand-alone basis, attract additional equity
funding, divest some or all of their assets or enter bankruptcy
proceedings.
Page
185
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
Selected
financial information for CME Ltd. and its Restricted Subsidiaries and
Unrestricted Subsidiaries as required by the 2009 Indenture was as
follows:
Issuer
and Restricted subsidiaries
Unrestricted
Subsidiaries
Intra-group
eliminations
Total
Consolidated
Statement of Operations:
For
the Year Ended December 31, 2009
Net
revenues
$
678,424
$
35,554
$
-
$
713,978
Operating
income / loss
91,464
174,644
-
83,180
Depreciation
of station property, plant and equipment
48,894
4,757
-
53,651
Amortization
of broadcast licenses and other intangibles
18,373
3,224
-
21,597
Net
income / loss attributable to CME Ltd.
$
63,448
$
160,605
$
-
$
97,157
Consolidated
Balance Sheet:
As
at December 31, 2009
Cash
and cash equivalents
243,314
215,215
-
458,529
Third
Party Debt 1
1,377,194
674
-
1,377,868
Total
assets
3,365,435
335,623
828,271
2,872,787
Total
CME Ltd. shareholders Equity
1,683,789
195,459
701,659
1,177,589
1 Third
party debt is defined as credit facilities and capital leases or Senior Debt
with entities that are not part of the CME Ltd. consolidated group.
Page
186
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
Issuer
and Restricted subsidiaries
Unrestricted
Subsidiaries
Intra-group
eliminations
Total
Consolidated
Statement of Operations:
For
the Year Ended December 31, 2008
Net
revenues
$
919,351
$
100,583
$
-
$
1,019,934
Operating
income / loss
263,892
391,689
-
127,797
Depreciation
of station property, plant and equipment
48,047
3,621
-
51,668
Amortization
of broadcast licenses and other intangibles
30,978
4,403
-
35,381
Net
income / loss attributable to CME Ltd.
$
128,572
$
398,118
$
-
$
269,546
Consolidated
Balance Sheet:
As
at December 31, 2008
Cash
and cash equivalents
92,528
14,905
-
107,433
Third
Party Debt 1
1,002,923
862
-
1,003,785
Total
assets
2,766,862
238,462
598,708
2,406,616
Total
CME Ltd. shareholders Equity
$
1,498,961
$
109,065
$
512,768
$
1,095,258
1 Third
party debt is defined as credit facilities and capital leases or Senior Debt
with entities that are not part of the CME Ltd consolidated group.
Issuer
and Restricted subsidiaries
Unrestricted
Subsidiaries
Intra-group
eliminations
Total
Consolidated
Statement of Operations:
For
the Year Ended December 31, 2007
Net
revenues
$
712,018
$
126,838
$
-
$
838,856
Operating
income / loss
190,230
20,226
-
210,456
Depreciation
of station property, plant and equipment
29,705
2,948
-
32,653
Amortization
of broadcast licenses and other intangibles
24,679
291
-
24,970
Net
income / loss attributable to CME Ltd.
$
90,341
$
1,723
$
-
$
88,618
1 Third
party debt is defined as credit facilities and capital leases or Senior Debt
with entities that are not part of the CME Ltd consolidated group.
Page
187
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
24.SUBSEQUENT
EVENTS
Ukraine
Transaction
On
January 20, 2010, CME entered into an agreement the Ukraine Transaction to
sell 100% of our interest in our Ukraine operations to Harley Trading Limited, a
company beneficially owned by Igor Kolomoisky, a CME shareholder and a member of
our Board of Directors, for US$ 3000 million in cash plus the reimbursement of
cash operating expenses between signing and closing, estimated to be US$ 190
million. We received an initial payment of US$ 300 million on February 1, 2010.
The remainder is payable at closing, which is expected to be in April 2010 see
Note 22, Related Party Transactions.
Credit
facilities
On
February 16, 2010 the aggregate commitment by the lenders under the Erste
Facility to CET 21 increased from CZK 25 billion approximately US$ 1361
million to CZK 28 billion approximately US$ 1524 million. As of February
24, 2010, we had drawn CZK 28 billion approximately US$ 1524 million under
the Erste Facility. Drawings were used to refinance certain existing
indebtedness of CET 21 to CS and to repay certain inter-group indebtedness of
CET 21.
On
February 9, 2010, we entered into an interest rate swap agreement with Unicredit
and CS until 2013 to convert CZK 15 billion approximately $US 817 million of
the Erste Facility from a floating rate of 3 month PRIBOR plus margin to a
fixed interest rate of 2730% per annum plus margin. The notional amounts
swapped decline in line with the planned amortisation of the loan and extension
option. The fair value of the interest rate swap will be recorded on the
Consolidated Balance Sheet and any adjustments to the fair value will be
recorded in the Consolidated Statement of Operations.
Acquisition
of the bTV group
On
February 18, 2010, we and our wholly owned subsidiary CME Media Enterprises B.V.
CME BV entered into a Deed relating to the sale and purchase of certain
media interests in Bulgaria the Agreement with News Corporation and News
Netherlands B.V. Under the Agreement, CME BV or a wholly owned subsidiary of CME
BV will acquire i 100% of Balkan News Corporation EAD BNC, which owns a
74% interest in Radio Company C.J. OOD RCJ and a 23% interest in Balkan
Media Group AD, and ii 100% of TV Europe B.V., which owns 100% of Triada
Communications EOOD Triada. BNC and Triada operate and broadcast the bTV,
bTV Cinema and bTV Comedy television channels and RCJ operates several radio
stations in Bulgaria the bTV group.Total cash consideration for
the transaction is US$ 400 million on a cash-free and debt-free basis and is
subject to an adjustment in the event that actual working capital at completion
differs from an agreed level of target working capital. Completion is subject to
the approval of the Bulgarian Commission for the Protection of Competition and
other customary closing conditions and is expected to occur in the second
quarter of 2010.
On
February 18, 2010, CME BV entered into a sale and purchase agreement SPA
with Top Tone Media Holdings Limited Top Tone Holdings and Krassimir Guergov
to restructure the operations of its Bulgarian terrestrial channel Pro.BG and
cable channel Ring.BG the Pro.BG business. Mr. Guergov is entitled by
contract to the economic benefits that accrue to Top Tone
Holdings.Under the SPA, Top Tone Holdings will transfer to CME BV
its 20% interest in each of Top Tone Media S.A. and Zopal S.A., which together
own the Pro.BG business, in consideration of i receiving a 6% interest in a
subsidiary to be formed to acquire the bTV group in the transaction described
above and ii the termination of the existing agreements with Top Tone Holdings
and Krassimir Guergov in respect of the Pro.BG business. It is expected that Mr.
Guergov, who has provided expertise and advice for the Pro.BG business, will
continue to provide advice following the completion of these
transactions.
We have
evaluated subsequent events through February 24, 2010, the date on which our
financial statements were issued.
Page
188
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
25.QUARTERLY
FINANCIAL DATA
Selected
quarterly financial data for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 is as
follows:
For
the Year ended December 31, 2009
First
Quarter
Unaudited
Second
Quarter
Unaudited
Third
Quarter
Unaudited
Fourth
Quarter
Unaudited
US$
000s, except per share data
Consolidated
Statement of Operations data:
Net
revenues
$
141,221
$
186,185
$
134,482
$
252,090
Cost
of revenue
122,032
145,123
143,046
189,042
Operating
loss / income
84,482
11,703
33,450
23,049
Net
loss / income from continuing operations
46,678
22,106
24,294
58,941
Net
loss from discontinued operations
262
-
-
-
Netloss
/ income attributable to CME Ltd.
$
44,438
$
24,081
$
21,550
$
55,250
Net
loss / income per share:
Basic
EPS
$
105
$
047
$
035
$
089
Effect
of dilutive securities
-
-
-
Diluted
EPS
$
105
$
047
$
035
$
089
Page
189
Table of Contents
CENTRAL
EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tabular
amounts in US$ 000s, except share data
For
the Year ended December 31, 2008
First
Quarter
Unaudited
Second
Quarter
Unaudited
Third
Quarter
Unaudited
Fourth
Quarter
Unaudited
US$
000s, except per share data
Consolidated
Statement of Operations data:
Net
revenues
$
223,023
$
304,808
$
200,603
291,501
Cost
of revenue
146,886
174,812
158,862
189,903
Operating
loss / income
45,474
98,743
7,156
279,170
Net
loss / income from continuing operations
15,672
65,518
18,568
326,316
Net
loss from discontinued operations
750
758
1,027
1,250
Netloss
/ income attributable to CME Ltd.
$
14,445
$
63,465
$
19,329
$
328,127
Net
income / loss per share:
Basic
EPS
$
034
$
150
$
046
$
775
Effect
of dilutive securities
-
002
-
-
Diluted
EPS
$
034
$
148
$
046
$
775
Note: The
amounts shown above reflect the classification of the results of the CITI
channel as a discontinued operation for all periods presented.
