Item8.Financial Statements and Supplementary Data    
The financial statements and supplementary data required to be filed pursuant to this Item8 are appended to this Annual Report on
Form10-K. A list of the financial statements and financial statement schedules filed herewith is found at . Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.  
Item1B.Unresolved Staff Comments.    
Not applicable. 
35   
Item2.Controls and Procedures     1.Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
Our management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
procedures as of December31, 2007. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules13a-15e and 15d-15e under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without
limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is
accumulated and communicated to the company management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Our management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily
applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on this evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer
concluded that, as of December31, 2007, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
2.Internal Controls over Financial Reporting  aManagement
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting The
management of CollaGenex is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in
Rule13a-15f or 15d-15f promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the company principal
executive and principal financial officers and effected by the company board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: Pertain
to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company;
Provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and that 
55  receipts
and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and Provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company assets that could have a material
effect on the financial statements. Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods
are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. CollaGenex'
management, including the supervision and participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, assessed the effectiveness of the Company internal
control over financial
reporting as of December31, 2007. In making this assessment, the Company management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO
in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework. 
Based
on our assessment, management has concluded that, as of December31, 2007, the Company internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria. The
Company independent registered public accounting firm has issued its report on the effectiveness of the Company internal control over financial reporting. This report appears
below. bReport
of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
The
Board of Directors and Stockholders
CollaGenex Pharmaceuticals,Inc.: 
We
have audited CollaGenex Pharmaceuticals,Inc. internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2007, based on criteria established in Internal
ControlIntegrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO. CollaGenex Pharmaceuticals,Inc. management is responsible for
maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management Report
on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 
We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over
financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit
also
included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
A
company internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with U.S.generally accepted accounting principles. A company internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that
1pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 2provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are 
56  recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S.generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being
made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 3provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. In
our opinion, CollaGenex Pharmaceuticals,Inc. maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2007, based on criteria
established in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework issued by COSO. 
We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the consolidated balance sheets of CollaGenex Pharmaceuticals,Inc. and
subsidiaries as of December31, 2007 and 2006, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year
period ended December31, 2007, and our report dated March17, 2008 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. s/
KPMGLLP 
Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania 
March17,
2008 cChanges
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting No
change in our internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules13a-15f and 15d-15f under the Exchange Act occurred during the fiscal
quarter ended as of December31, 2007 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting 
Item1B.Unresolved Staff Comments.    
Not applicable. 
35   
Item2.Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.    
The information relating to our directors, nominees for election as directors, executive officers, nominating and corporate governance committee and audit
committee under the headings Election of Directors, Executive Officers, Section16a Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance and Corporate Governance in our definitive proxy
statement for the 2008 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference to such proxy statement. 
We
have adopted a written code of business conduct and ethics that applies to our directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial
officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. We make available our code of business conduct and ethics free of charge through our website which is
located at www.collagenex.com. We intend to disclose any amendments to, or waivers from, our code of business conduct and ethics that are required to be
publicly disclosed pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Nasdaq Stock Market by filing such amendment or waiver with the Securities and Exchange Commission and by posting
it on our website. 
