Item8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December31, 2015 and 2014 and our Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income, Stockholders Equity and Cash Flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December31, 2015, together with the report of our independent registered public accounting firm, begin on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are incorporated herein by reference. Item1 Business 1 Item1A Risk Factors 11 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 22 Item2 Properties 22 Item3 Legal Proceedings 22 Item4 Mine Safety Disclosures 22  Part II 
Item5.Controls and Procedures Disclosure Controls and Procedures We have established and maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that material information relating to the Company and its subsidiaries required to be disclosed by us in the reports that are filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported in the time periods specified in the SECs rules and forms, and that this information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only a reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management was necessarily required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December31, 2015. Based on this evaluation, the chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that the Companys disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December31, 2015.  38 Table of Contents Managements Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15f under the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Companys chief executive officer and chief financial officer, management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Companys internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2015. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements or fraud. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth in the framework issued by the COSO entitled Internal ControlIntegrated Framework 2013. Based on this evaluation, management has concluded that the Companys internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December31, 2015. Management reviewed the results of its assessment with the audit committee of the board of directors. As discussed in Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we acquired Dealix/Autotegrity in May 2015 and AutoWeb in October 2015. We have excluded Dealix/Autotegrity and AutoWeb from our assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015.The combined Dealix/Autotegrity and AutoWeb financial statements in aggregate constitute approximately 82% of total assets excluding approximately $403 million of goodwill and intangible assets, which were integrated into the Companys systems and control environment and approximately 193% of total revenues of the consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended December 31, 2015. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Except for the acquisitions of Dealix/Autotegrity and AutoWeb discussed above, there have been no changes in internal controls over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph d of Rules 13a-15 of the Exchange Act that have occurred during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2015 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. The effectiveness of the Companys internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015 has been audited by Moss Adams LLP, the Companys independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is included below. 