Item 8.Financial Statements and Supplementary DataBROCADE COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS, INC.INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATAPageReport of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm56Consolidated Statements of Income57Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income58Consolidated Balance Sheets59Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows60Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity62Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements63Quarterly Summary Unaudited10255Table of ContentsReport of Independent Registered Public Accounting FirmThe Board of Directors and StockholdersBrocade Communications Systems, Inc.:We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Brocade Communications Systems, Inc. and subsidiaries the Company as of October31, 2015, and November1, 2014, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, cash flows, and stockholders equity for each of the years in the three-year period ended October31, 2015. In connection with our audits of the consolidated financial statements, we also have audited the accompanying financial statement schedule. These consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Companys management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audits.We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Brocade Communications Systems, Inc. and subsidiaries as of October31, 2015, and November1, 2014, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended October31, 2015, in conformity with U.S.generally accepted accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein.We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the Companys internal control over financial reporting as of October31, 2015, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework 2013issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO, and our report dated December22, 2015, expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Companys internal control over financial reporting./s/KPMG LLPSanta Clara, CaliforniaDecember22, 201556Table of ContentsBROCADE COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS, INC.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOMEFiscal Year EndedOctober31, 2015November1, 2014October26, 2013In thousands, except per share amountsNet  net  of  cost of   expenses:Research and  and  and  of intangible  and integration costs3,942Restructuring, goodwill impairment, and other related costs benefits Note 4, 567889,28025,464Gain on sale of network adapter business4,884Total operating  from  income1,8546651,404Other income, net Note 14953,60175,835Interest  before income  tax   income per sharebasic$081$055$046Net income per  used in per share  used in per share  dividends declared per share$016$007$See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements57Table of ContentsBROCADE COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS, INC.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOMEFiscal Year EndedOctober31, 2015November1, 2014October26, 2013In thousandsNet  comprehensive income and loss, net of tax:Unrealized gains losses on cash flow hedges:Change in unrealized gains and  gains and losses reclassified into earnings3,755235376Net unrealized gains losses on cash flow  currency translation  other comprehensive  comprehensive  accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements58Table of ContentsBROCADE COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS, INC.CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETSOctober31, 2015November1,  assets:Cash and cash  receivable, net of allowances for doubtful accounts of $1,838 and $80 as of October 31, 2015, and November 1, 2014,  tax assets78,67592,692Prepaid expenses and other current assets56,23546,665Total current  and equipment,  assets, net75,62326,658Other assets53,97135,856Total  AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITYCurrent liabilities:Accounts payable$98,143$93,705Accrued employee  revenue244,622239,993Other accrued liabilities77,52484,592Total current  debt, net of current  deferred  income tax  deferred tax liabilities24,02427,153Other non-current liabilities3,3764,310Total  and contingencies Note9Stockholders equity:Preferred stock, $0001par value, 5,000shares authorized, no shares issued and outstandingCommon stock, $0001par value, 800,000shares authorized:Issued and outstanding: 413,923 and 431,470shares as of October 31, 2015, and November 1, 2014, respectively414431Additional paid-in  other comprehensive loss25,00218,814Retained earnings925,139652,247Total stockholders equity2,533,5352,408,061Total liabilities and stockholders equity$4,038,178$3,733,675See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements59Table of ContentsBROCADE COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS, INC.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWSFiscal Year EndedOctober31, 2015November1, 2014October26, 2013In thousandsCash flows from operating activities:Net  to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:Excess tax benefits from stock-based  tax charges78,206Depreciation and  on disposal of property and equipment3,1635,1186,709Gain on sale of network adapter business4,884Amortization of debt issuance costs and debt  of debt discount and debt issuance costs related to lenders that did not participate in refinancing4,8085,360Net gain on sale of investments5,292Provision for doubtful accounts receivable and sales  stock-based compensation  impairment charge83,382Changes in assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions:Accounts  expenses and other  tax assets2348874,825Accounts  employee  revenue1,3458,6528,599Other accrued   cash provided by operating  of ContentsBROCADE COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS, INC.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWSContinuedFiscal Year EndedOctober31, 2015November1, 2014October26, 2013In thousandsCash flows from investing activities:Purchases of non-marketable equity and debt  from sale of non-marketable equity  of property and  of intangible assets7,750Net cash paid in connection with  from collection of note  from sale of network adapter business9,995Net cash used in investing  flows from financing activities:Proceeds from senior unsecured notes296,250Payment of principal related to senior secured  of debt issuance costs1,718992Payment of principal related to capital  stock  from issuance of common  of cash dividends to  from convertible notes565,656Purchase of convertible note hedge86,135Proceeds from issuance of warrants51,175Excess tax benefits from stock-based  cash used in financing  of exchange rate fluctuations on cash and cash  increase in cash and cash  and cash equivalents, beginning of  and cash equivalents, end of  disclosures of cash flow information:Cash paid for  paid for income  schedule of non-cash investing activities:Acquisition of property and equipment through capital leases 1,312Settlement of debt investment in relation to acquisition$150$$See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements61Table of ContentsBROCADE COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS, INC.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITYCommon  thousandsBalance at October 27,  of common  stock  detriment from employee stock   in net unrealized losses on cash flow hedges2,1242,124Change in cumulative translation adjustments1,4561,456Net income208,623208,623Balance at October 26,  of common  stock  benefit from employee stock plans59,90859,908Stock-based  in net unrealized losses on cash flow hedges2,1742,174Change in cumulative translation adjustments3,1963,196Cash dividends declared30,38430,384Net income237,971237,971Balance at November 1,  of common  stock  benefit from employee stock plans47,99947,999Stock-based  value of debt issuance47,10647,106Change in net unrealized gains on cash flow hedges368368Change in cumulative translation adjustments6,5566,556Cash dividends declared67,47067,470Net income340,362340,362Balance at October 31,  accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements62Table of ContentsBROCADE COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS, INC.NOTESTO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS1. Basis of PresentationBrocade Communications Systems, Inc. Brocade or the Company is a leading supplier of networking hardware, software, and services, including Storage Area Networking SAN solutions and Internet Protocol IP Networking solutions for businesses and organizations of various types and sizes. Brocades end customers include global enterprises and other organizations and service providers, such as telecommunication firms, cable operators, and mobile carriers. Brocades products, services, and solutions simplify information technology IT infrastructure, increase resource utilization, ensure availability of mission critical applications, and support key IT services including Internet connectivity, enterprise mobility, virtualization, and cloud computing.The Companys fiscal year is a 52- or 53-week period ending on the last Saturday in October or the first Saturday in November, respectively. As is customary for companies that use the 52/53-week convention, every fifth year is a 53-week year. Fiscal year 2015is a 52-week fiscal year, fiscal year 2014was a 53-week fiscal year, and fiscal year 2013was a 52-week fiscal year. The Companys next 53-week fiscal year will be fiscal year 2019 and its next 14-week quarter will be the second quarter of fiscal year 2019.The Companys Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of Brocade and its wholly owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated.Use of Estimates in Preparation of Consolidated Financial StatementsThe preparation of consolidated financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S.generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Estimates are used for, but not limited to, revenue recognition, sales allowances and programs, allowance for doubtful accounts, stock-based compensation, acquisition purchase price allocations, warranty obligations, inventory valuation and purchase commitments, restructuring costs, incentive compensation, facilities lease losses, impairment of goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets, litigation, income taxes, and investments. Actual results may differ materially from these estimates2. Summary of Significant Accounting PoliciesCash and Cash EquivalentsThe Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original or remaining maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents.Investments and Equity SecuritiesFrom time to time, the Company makes equity investments in non-publicly traded companies. These investments are included in Other assets on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets and are generally accounted for under the cost method as the Company does not have the ability to exercise significant influence over the respective issuers operating and financial policies, nor does it have a liquidation preference that is substantive. The Company monitors its investments in non-publicly traded companies for impairment on a quarterly basis and makes appropriate reductions in carrying values when such impairments are determined to be other-than-temporary. Impairment charges are included in Other income, net on the Companys Consolidated Statements of Income. Factors considered in determining an impairment include, but are not limited to, the current business environment including competition and uncertainty of financial condition, going concern considerations such as the rate at which the issuer company utilizes cash and the issuer companys ability to obtain additional financing to fulfill its stated business plan, the need for changes to the issuer companys existing business model due to changing business environments and its ability to successfully implement necessary changes, and comparable valuations. The carrying value of the Companys equity investments in non-publicly traded companies at October31, 2015, andNovember1, 2014, was $25 millionand $09 million, respectively.Fair Value of Financial InstrumentsThe fair value of the Companys financial instruments, including cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and accrued liabilities, approximate cost because of their short maturities63Table of ContentsDerivative Financial InstrumentsIn the normal course of business, the Company is exposed to fluctuations in interest rates and the exchange rates associated with foreign currencies. The derivatives entered into by the Company qualify for and are designated as foreign currency cash flow hedges.The derivatives are recognized on the Companys Consolidated Balance Sheets at their respective fair values. Changes in fair values of outstanding cash flow hedges that are highly effective are recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive loss until earnings are affected by cash flows from the underlying hedged transaction. In most cases, amounts recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive loss will be recorded in earnings at maturity of the related derivative. The recognition of effective hedge results offsets the gains or losses on the underlying exposure. Cash flows from derivative transactions are classified according to the nature of the risk being hedged by presenting the gain or loss on the matured derivatives and related impact from the underlying hedged transactions in the same line items on the Companys Consolidated Statements of Income.The Company formally documents all relationships between hedging instruments and hedged items, as well as the risk-management objective and strategy for undertaking hedge transactions. This documentation includes linking all derivatives either to specific assets and liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets or specific firm commitments or forecasted transactions. The Company also formally assesses, both at the hedges inception and on an ongoing basis, whether the derivatives used in hedging transactions have been highly effective in offsetting changes in the cash flows of hedged items and whether those derivatives may be expected to remain highly effective in future periods.The Company discontinues hedge accounting prospectively when ithe derivative is no longer highly effective in offsetting changes in the cash flows of a hedged item including hedged items such as firm commitments or forecasted transactions; iithe derivative expires or is sold, terminated or exercised; iiiit is no longer probable that the forecasted transaction will occur; or ivmanagement determines that designating the derivative as a hedging instrument is no longer appropriate.When the Company discontinues hedge accounting, but it continues to be probable that the forecasted transaction will occur in the originally expected period, the gain or loss on the derivative remains in accumulated other comprehensive loss and is reclassified into earnings when the forecasted transaction affects earnings. However, if it is no longer probable that a forecasted transaction will occur by the end of the originally specified time period or within an additional two-month period of time thereafter, the gain or loss that was in accumulated other comprehensive loss will be recognized immediately in earnings. In all situations in which hedge accounting is discontinued and the derivative remains outstanding, the Company will carry the derivative at its fair value on the Companys Consolidated Balance Sheet until maturity and will recognize future changes in the fair value in current period earnings. Any hedge ineffectiveness is recorded in current period earnings within Other income loss, net. Effectiveness is assessed based upon statistical regression analysis of changes in cash flows, as well as other relevant  are stated at the lower of cost first-in, first-out or market. Inventory costs include material, labor, and overhead. The Company records inventory write-downs based on excess and obsolete inventory determined primarily by its forecast of future demand. A majority of the Companys inventory is located off-site at customers hubs, third-party managed service depots and at contract manufacturers locations. Cash flows related to the sale of inventories are classified as cash flows from operating activities.Property and EquipmentProperty and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. An estimated useful life of three yearsis used for computer equipment and fourto seven yearsis used for software based on the nature of the software purchased. Estimated useful lives of up to four yearsare used for engineering and other equipment, seven yearsis used for furniture and an estimated useful life of thirty-nine yearsis used for buildings. Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method over the shorter of ten yearsor the remaining term of the lease64Table of ContentsBrocade evaluates long-lived assets, such as property and equipment, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 360-10 Property, Plant and Equipment. Brocade assesses the fair value of the assets based on the undiscounted future cash flow the assets are expected to generate and recognizes an impairment loss when the estimated undiscounted future cash flow expected to result from the use of the asset plus net proceeds expected to result from the disposition of the asset, if any, are less than the carrying value of the asset. When Brocade identifies an impairment, Brocade reduces the carrying amount of the asset to its estimated fair value based on a discounted cash flow approach or, when available and appropriate, to comparable market values.Goodwill, Other Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets and Long-lived Intangible AssetsGoodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets are generated as a result of business combinations. Our indefinite-lived assets are comprised of acquired in-process research and development IPRD and goodwill. IPRD is an intangible asset accounted as an indefinite-lived asset until the completion or abandonment of the associated research and development effort.During the development period, the Company conducts an IPRD impairment test annually, as of the first day of the second fiscal quarter, and whenever events or changes in facts and circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the IPRD is impaired. Events which might indicate impairment include, but are not limited to, adverse cost factors, deteriorating financial performance, strategic decisions made in response to economic and competitive conditions, the impact of the economic environment on us and our customer base, and/or other relevant events such as changes in management, key personnel, litigations, or customers.The Company evaluates goodwill on an annual basis during its second fiscal quarter or whenever events occur or facts and circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. An impairment loss is recognized to the extent that the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the assets implied fair value. Events which might indicate impairment include, but are not limited to, strategic decisions made in response to economic and competitive conditions, the impact of the economic environment on the Companys customer base, material negative changes in relationships with significant customers, and/or a significant decline in the Companys stock price for a sustained period.Long-lived intangible assets are carried at cost less accumulated amortization. Amortization is recognized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the respective asset. The Company evaluates intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable. Examples of such events or circumstances include, but are not limited to, significant underperformance relative to historical or projected future operating results, significant changes in the manner of use of acquired assets or the strategy for the Companys business, significant negative industry or economic trends, and/or a significant decline in the Companys stock price for a sustained period. Impairment is recognized based on the difference between the fair value of the asset and its carrying value. For additional discussion, see Note 4, Goodwill and Intangible Assets, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.Litigation CostsThe Company is subject to the possibility of legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. The Company regularly monitors the status of pending legal actions to evaluate both the magnitude and likelihood of any potential losses. An accrual for these potential losses is made when they are probable and the amount of loss, or possible range of loss, can be reasonably estimated. Legal costs related to such potential losses are expensed as incurred. In addition, recoveries are shown as a reduction in litigation costs in the period in which they are  instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash, cash equivalents, and accounts receivable. Cash and cash equivalents are primarily maintained at fivemajor financial institutions. Deposits held with banks may be redeemed upon demand and may exceed the amount of insurance provided on such deposits.A majority of the Companys accounts receivable balance is derived from sales to original equipment manufacturer OEM partners in the computer storage and server industry. As of October31, 2015, onecustomer individually accounted for 17%of total accounts receivable. As of November1, 2014, threecustomers individually accounted for 15%, 12%, and 11%of total accounts receivable, for a combined total of 38%of total accounts receivable. The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers and generally does not require collateral on accounts receivable balances. The Company has established reserves for credit losses and sales allowances65Table of ContentsFor the fiscal years ended October31, 2015,November1, 2014, and October26, 2013, the same threecustomers accounted for a combined total of 41%EMC CorporationEMC with 17%, Hewlett Packard Enterprise CompanyHPE with 12%, and International Business Machines CorporationIBM with 12%, 46%EMCwith 18%, HPEwith 12%, and IBMwith 16%, and 46%EMCwith 18%, HPEwith 12%, and IBMwith 16% of total net revenues, respectively.The Company currently relies on single and limited sources for multiple key components used in the manufacture of its products. Additionally, the Company relies on multiple contract manufacturers CMs for the production of its products, including Hon Hai Precision Industry Co., Ltd. and Accton Technology Corporation. Although the Company uses standard parts and components for its products where possible, the Companys CMs currently purchase, on their behalf, several key components used in the manufacture of products from single or limited supplier sources.Revenue RecognitionProduct revenue.Substantially all of the Companys products are integrated with software that is essential to the functionality of the equipment. Additionally, the Company provides unspecified software upgrades and enhancements related to the equipment through its maintenance contracts for most of its products. Product revenue is generally recognized when all of the following criteria have been met:Persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists;Delivery has occurred;The fee is fixed or determinable; andCollectibility is reasonably assured.For newly introduced products, many of the Companys large OEM customers require a product qualification period during which the Companys products are tested and approved by the OEM customers for sale to their customers. Revenue recognition and related cost are deferred for shipments to new OEM customers and for shipments of newly introduced products to existing OEM customers until satisfactory evidence of completion of the product qualification has been received from the OEM customer. In addition, revenue from sales to the Companys distributor customers is recognized in the same period in which the product is actually sold by the distributor sell-through.The Company reduces revenue for estimated sales allowances at the time of shipment and sales programs at the later of revenue recognition or communication of the commitment for sales incentives. Sales allowances are estimated based on historical sales returns. Sales programs are estimated based on approved sales programs versus claims under such sales programs, current trends and the Companys expectations regarding future activity. In addition, the Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts, which is also accounted for as a reduction in revenue. The Company establishes the allowance for doubtful accounts to ensure accounts receivable are not overstated due to uncollectibility. The Company maintains bad debt reserves based upon the analysis of accounts receivable, historical collection patterns, customer concentrations, customer creditworthiness, current economic trends, changes in customer payment terms and practices, and customer communication. The Company records a specific reserve for individual accounts when it becomes aware of a customers likely inability to meet its financial obligations, such as in the case of bankruptcy filings or deterioration in the customers operating results or financial position. If circumstances related to customers change, the Company would further adjust estimates of the recoverability of receivables.Multiple-element arrangements.The Companys multiple-element product offerings include networking hardware with embedded software products and support, which are considered separate units of accounting. For certain of the Companys products, software and non-software components function together to deliver the tangible products essential functionality.The Company allocates revenue to each element in a multiple-element arrangement based upon their relative selling price. When applying the relative selling price method, the Company determines the selling price for each deliverable using vendor-specific objective evidence VSOE of selling price, if it exists, or third-party evidence TPE of selling price. If neither VSOE nor TPE of selling price exist for a deliverable, the Company uses its best estimate of selling price for that deliverable. Revenue allocated to each element is then recognized when the basic revenue recognition criteria are met for each element.The Company determines VSOE based on its normal pricing and discounting practices for the specific product or service when sold separately. In determining VSOE, the Company requires that a substantial majority of the selling prices for a product or service fall within a reasonably narrow pricing range. For post-contract customer support PCS, the Company considers stated renewal rates in determining VSOE66Table of ContentsIn most instances, the Company is not able to establish VSOE for all deliverables in an arrangement with multiple elements. This may be due to the Company infrequently selling each element separately, not pricing products within a narrow range, or only having a limited sales history. When VSOE cannot be established, the Company attempts to establish the selling price for each element based on TPE. TPE is determined based on competitor prices for similar deliverables when sold separately. Generally, the Companys go-to-market strategy differs from that of its peers and its offerings contain a significant level of customization and differentiation such that the comparable pricing of products with similar functionality cannot be obtained. Furthermore, the Company is unable to reliably determine what similar competitor products selling prices are on a stand-alone basis. Therefore, the Company is typically unable to determine TPE.When the Company is unable to establish selling price using VSOE or TPE, the Company uses estimated selling price ESP in its allocation of the arrangement consideration. The objective of ESP is to determine the price at which the Company would transact a sale if the product or service were sold on a stand-alone basis. ESP is generally used for offerings that are not typically sold on a stand-alone basis or for new or highly customized offerings.The Company determines ESP for a product by considering multiple factors including, but not limited to, geographies, market conditions, competitive landscape, internal costs, gross margin objectives and pricing practices. The determination of ESP is made through consultation with and formal approval by the Companys management, taking into consideration the go-to-market strategy.The Company regularly reviews VSOE, TPE and ESP, as well as the establishment and updates of these estimates. There was no material impact on revenues during the fiscal year ended October31, 2015, nor does the Company expect a material impact in the near term from changes in VSOE, TPE or ESP.Services revenue.Services revenue consists of professional services and maintenance arrangements, including PCS and other professional services. PCS services are offered under renewable, annual fee-based contracts or as part of multiple-element arrangements, and typically include telephone support and upgrades and enhancements to the Companys operating system software. Revenue related to PCS elements is deferred and recognized ratably over the contractual period. PCS contracts are typically one to three years in length.Professional services are offered under hourly or fixed fee-based contracts. Professional services revenue is recognized as services are performed.Warranty ExpenseThe Company provides standard warranties on its products ranging from one year to limited lifetime warranties. Estimated future warranty costs are accrued at the time of shipment and charged to cost of revenues based upon historical experience, current trends in warranty claims, and the Companys expectations regarding future experience.Foreign CurrencyAssets and liabilities of the Companys international subsidiaries in which the local currency is the functional currency are translated into U.S. dollars at period-end exchange rates. Income and expenses are translated into U.S. dollars at the average exchange rates during the period. The resulting translation adjustments are included in the Companys Consolidated Balance Sheets in the stockholders equity section as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss. Foreign exchange gains and losses for assets and liabilities of the Companys international subsidiaries in which the functional currency is the U.S. dollar are recorded in the Companys Consolidated Statement of Income.Capitalized Software Development CostsEligible development costs for software to be sold are capitalized upon the establishment of technological feasibility, which is defined as being equivalent to completion of a beta-phase working prototype. Total eligible software development costs have not been material to date.Eligible costs related to internal development or purchase of software for internal use are capitalized and included in Property and equipment, net. These costs are being depreciated over the estimated useful lives of fourto seven yearsbased on the nature of the software purchased.Advertising CostsThe Company expenses all advertising costs as incurred. Advertising costs were $136 million, $176 million, and $153 millionfor the fiscal years ended October31, 2015,November1, 2014, and October26, 2013, respectively67Table of ContentsDuring the fiscal year ended October27, 2012, the Company entered into a multi-year arrangement which includes exchanging certain of the Companys products and services, with the estimated overall fair value of $166 million, for advertising. The Company is accounting for this transaction based on fair values of products and services surrenderedand recognized $11 million, $24 million, and $71 millionof gross operating revenue for the fiscal years ended October31, 2015, November1, 2014, and October26, 2013, respectively. In addition, $40 millionof the advertising costs for the fiscal year ended October31, 2015, were incurred in connection with this multi-year arrangement, and the remaining advertising prepayment is currently recorded within Prepaid expenses and other current assets and Other assets.Income TaxesThe Company recognizes income tax expense for the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected tax consequences of temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts, along with net operating loss carryforwards and credit carryforwards. A valuation allowance is recognized to the extent that it is more likely than not that the tax benefits will not be realized.The Company accounts for uncertainty in income taxes using a two-step approach to recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. The second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50% likely of being realized upon settlement. The Company classifies the liability for unrecognized tax benefits as current to the extent that the Company anticipates payment or receipt of cash within one year. Interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions are recognized in the provision for income taxes. For additional discussion, see Note 15,Income Taxes, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.Computation of Net Income per ShareBasic net income per share is computed using the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period, less shares subject to repurchase. Diluted net income per share is computed using the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding and potentially dilutive common shares outstanding during the period that have a dilutive effect on earnings per share. Potentially dilutive common shares result from the assumed exercise of outstanding stock options, assumed vesting of outstanding restricted stock units RSUs, assumed issuance of stock under the employee stock purchase plan, and assumed conversion of outstanding convertible senior unsecured notes and exercise of related warrant transactions, all using the treasury stock method.Stock-Based CompensationThe Company accounts for employee equity awards under the fair value method. Accordingly, the Company measures stock-based compensation at the grant date based on the fair value of the award. The fair values of stock options and the Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP are estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Estimated compensation cost relating to time-based RSUs granted prior to the initial declaration of a quarterly cash dividend on May22, 2014, is based on the fair value of the Companys common stock on the date of grant because Brocade did not historically pay cash dividends on its common stock. For time-based RSUs granted on or subsequent to May22, 2014, the fair value of RSUs is measured based on the grant-date share price, less the present value of expected dividends during the vesting period, discounted at a risk-free interest rate. The fair value of restricted stock units with market conditions MSUs is estimated using a lattice model that incorporates a Monte Carlo simulation. The Company records stock-based compensation expense over the 24-month offering period in connection with shares issued under its ESPP. The compensation expense for stock-based awards is reduced by an estimate for forfeitures and is recognized over the vesting period of the award under a graded vesting method, except for RSUs granted by the Company, which is recognized over the expected term of the award under a straight-line vesting method. For additional discussion, see Note 12, Stock-Based Compensation, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.The Company accounts for the tax effects of share-based payment awards using the alternative transition method, which includes simplified methods to establish the beginning balance of the additional paid-in capital pool APIC Pool related to the tax effects of employee stock-based compensation and to determine the subsequent impact on the APIC Pool and consolidated statement of cash flows of the tax effects of employee stock-based compensation awards68Table of ContentsNew Accounting Pronouncements or Updates Recently AdoptedIn March 2013, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued an update to Accounting Standards Codification ASC or the Codification 830,Foreign Currency Matters: Parents Accounting for the Cumulative Translation Adjustment upon Derecognition of Certain Subsidiaries or Groups of Assets within a Foreign Entity or of an Investment in a Foreign Entity. Under this update, an entity is required to release any cumulative translation adjustment into net income when the entity ceases to have a controlling financial interest resulting from the complete, or substantially complete, liquidation of a subsidiary or group of assets within a foreign entity. This update should be applied prospectively. The Company adopted this update in the first quarter of fiscal year 2015. There was no material impact on the Companys financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.In June 2015, the FASB issued an update to the Codification,Technical Corrections and Improvements. This update includes various amendments to clarify the Codification, correct unintended application of guidance, or make minor improvements to the Codification. This update is not intended to change U.S. GAAP. The Company adopted this update in the third quarter of fiscal year 2015. There was no material impact on the Companys financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.Recent Accounting Pronouncements or Updates That Are Not Yet EffectiveIn April 2014, the FASB issued an update to ASC 205 Presentation of Financial Statements ASC 205 and ASC 360 Property, Plant, and Equipment ASC 360: Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity. Under this update, a discontinued operation may include a component of an entity or a group of components of an entity, or a business or nonprofit activity. Only those disposals of components of an entity that represent a strategic shift that has, or will have, a major effect on an entitys operations and financial results will be reported as discontinued operations in the financial statements. This update to ASC 205 and ASC 360 should be applied prospectively and will be adopted by the Company in the first quarter of fiscal year 2016. The Company does not expect the adoption of this update to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.In May 2014, the FASB issued an update to ASC 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 that will supersede virtually all existing revenue guidance. Under this update, an entity is required to recognize revenue upon transfer of promised goods or services to customers, in an amount that reflects the expected consideration received in exchange for those goods or services. As such, an entity will need to use more judgment and make more estimates than under the current guidance.This update to ASC 606 should be applied retrospectively either to each prior reporting period presented in the financial statements, or only to the most current reporting period presented in the financial statements with a cumulative effect adjustment recorded in the retained earnings. In August 2015, the FASB issued an update to defer the effective date of this update by one year. This update becomes effective and will be adopted by the Company in the first quarter of fiscal year 2019. Early adoption is not permitted for reporting periods before the first quarter of fiscal year 2019. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this update on its consolidated financial statements.In April 2015, the FASB issued an update to ASC 835,InterestImputation of Interest: Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs. Under this update, debt issuance costs are required to be presented as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the related debt liability, consistent with the presentation of debt discounts. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by this update. This update is effective for the Company in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, with early adoption permitted. This update should be applied retrospectively to all prior periods presented in the financial statements and will be early adopted by the Company in the first quarter of fiscal year 2016. The Company does not expect the adoption of this update to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.In April 2015, the FASB issued an update to ASC 350,IntangiblesGoodwill and OtherInternal-Use Software: Customers Accounting for Fees Paid in Cloud Computing Arrangement. This update provides guidance on the accounting for fees paid in a cloud computing arrangement if the arrangement was determined to include a software license. This update will not change U.S. GAAP for a customers accounting for service contracts. This update may be applied either prospectively or retrospectively and will be adopted by the Company in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017. Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect the adoption of this update to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.In July 2015, the FASB issued an update to ASC 330,Inventory: Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory. Under this update, subsequent measurement of inventory is based on the lower of cost or net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less the estimated cost of completion and disposal. This update does not apply to inventory that is measured using last-in, first-out or the retail inventory method. This update should be applied prospectively and will be adopted by the Company in the first quarter of fiscal year 2018. Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect the adoption of this update to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements69Table of ContentsIn September 2015, the FASB issued an update to ASC 805, Business Combinations: Simplifying the Accounting Measurement-Period Adjustments. This update simplifies the accounting for adjustments made to provisional amounts recognized in a business combination by eliminating the requirement to retrospectively account for those adjustments. Under this update, the adjustments are recognized in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. This update is effective for the Company in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017 and should be applied prospectively. Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect the adoption of this update to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.In November 2015, the FASB issued an update to ASC 740, Income Taxes: Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes. This update simplifies the presentation of current and noncurrent deferred tax liabilities and assets. Under this update, the deferred tax liabilities and assets are classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet. The update does not impact the current requirement that deferred tax liabilities and assets be offset and presented as a single amount. This update is effective for the Company in the first quarter of fiscal year 2018 and may be applied either prospectively or retrospectively. Early adoption is permitted. The Company expects the adoption of this update will result in a reclassification of deferred tax amounts on the consolidated balance sheets3. Acquisitions and DivestituresAcquisitionsIn March 2015, the Company completed its acquisition of two businesses to strengthen its software networking portfolio. The total aggregate purchase price of the acquisitions was$961 million, consisting of$955 millionin cash consideration, which is gross of$01 millionof cash acquired as part of the acquisitions, and$05 millionin non-cash consideration. For the fiscal year ended October31, 2015, the Company recorded direct acquisition costs and integration costs of $14 millionand$25 million, respectively. These costs were expensed as incurred and are presented in the Companys ConsolidatedStatements of Incomefor thefiscal year ended October 31, 2015, as Acquisition and integration costs.The results of operations for both acquisitions are included in the Companys ConsolidatedStatements of Incomefrom the respective dates of acquisition. The Company does not consider these acquisitions to be significant, individually or in the aggregate, to its results of operations or financial position. Therefore, the Company is not presenting pro-forma financial information of combined operations.In connection with these acquisitions, the Company allocated the total purchase consideration to the net assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including identifiable intangible assets, based on their respective fair values at the acquisition dates. The Company determined the fair value of the intangible assets acquired primarily using the income approach and the market approach with the assistance of a valuation firm. Estimates and assumptions with respect to the determination of the fair value of the intangible assets acquired include, but are not limited to, forecasted revenues, discount rates, and comparable market transactions70The following table summarizes the final allocation of the total aggregate purchase price based on the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition dates in thousands:Assets acquired:Cash$161Accounts receivable154Property and equipment, net1,432Identifiable intangible assets:Core/developed technology28,450Customer relationships22,030Patents with broader applications1,040Trade name500Non-compete agreements240Total identifiable intangible assets52,260Goodwill 149,444Other assets86Total assets acquired103,537Liabilities assumed:Deferred revenue3,603Deferred tax liabilities3,049Other accrued liabilities795Total liabilities assumed7,447Net assets acquired$96,0901The goodwill recognized primarily represents potential synergies from combining operations of the acquired businesses and the Company, as well as intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition. The total amount of goodwill that is expected to be deductible for tax purposes is $381 million.In conjunction with the acquisitions, the Company granted RSU awards and cash awards to transferring or continuing employees of the acquired businesses. These awards require the employees to continue providing services to the Company for the duration of the vesting or payout periods.For certain employees, the Company granted RSUs with an aggregate fair value of $64 millionat the grant date, with RSUs vesting approximately every six monthsfor a total vesting period of approximately two years. The RSUs are accounted for as stock-based compensation expenseand reported, as applicable, within Cost of revenues, Research and development, Sales and marketing, and General and administrativeon the Companys Consolidated Statements of Income. For the fiscal year ended October 31, 2015, the Company recognized $16 millionof stock-based compensation expense related to these RSU awards.For certain other employees, the Company will pay a total aggregate amount of $103 millionas cash awards for their services. The cash awards are paid out in annual installments over a total period of four years. The cash awards are accounted for as employee compensation expenseand reported within Research and developmenton the Companys Consolidated Statements of Income. For the fiscal year ended October 31, 2015, the Company recognized $48 millionof compensation expense related to these cash awards.For one of the acquisitions, the Company held an existing equity interest in the business at an acquisition-date fair value of $04 million. The Company used a market approach based on comparable recent investments in this acquired business to estimate the acquisition-date fair value of the existing equity interest. Nogain or loss was recognized as a result of remeasuring the existing equity interest, as the cost of the existing equity interest approximated its fair value.On September11, 2014, the Company completed its acquisition of the assets of Vistapointe, Inc. Vistapointe, a privately held developer of network visibility and analytics solutions with facilities located in San Ramon, California and Bangalore, India, and certain assets of its related entities. This acquisition has enhanced Brocades leadership role in developing software-based, carrier-grade network visibility and analytics NVA solutions for mobile network operators. This acquisition has also enhanced Brocades leadership in network functions virtualization NFV technology and gives Brocade a new market to address with visibility and analytics solutions for mobile operators71The results of operations of Vistapointe are included in the Companys Consolidated Statement of Income from the date of the acquisition. The Company does not consider the acquisition of the assets of Vistapointe to be material to its results of operations or financial position, and therefore, the Company is not presenting pro-forma financial information of combined operations.The total purchase price was $169 million, consisting entirely of cash consideration. In addition, the Company paid direct acquisition costs of $04 million.In connection with this acquisition, the Company allocated the total purchase consideration to the net assets and liabilities acquired, including identifiable intangible assets, based on their respective fair values at the acquisition date.The following table summarizes the final allocation of the purchase price to the fair value of the assets and liabilities acquired in thousands:Assets acquired:Identifiable intangible assets:In-process technology$2,850Developed technology1,710Trade name130Total identifiable intangible  and equipment, net735Net assets acquired$16,900On November9, 2012, the Company completed its acquisition of Vyatta, Inc. Vyatta, a privately held developer of a software-based network operating system suite headquartered in Belmont, California. Vyatta became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company as a result of the acquisition. The Vyatta operating system suite is deployed on conventional computer hardware platforms for multiple applications in network virtualization, software-defined networking SDN, NFV, and other private/public cloud computing platforms. The software acquired as part of this acquisition complements Brocades investments in IP switches and router products and enables the Company to pursue new market opportunities in data center virtualization, including public cloud, virtual private cloud, and managed services.The results of operations of Vyatta are included in the Companys Consolidated Statement of Income from the date of the acquisition. The Company does not consider the acquisition of Vyatta to be material to its results of operations or financial position, and therefore, the Company is not presenting pro-forma financial information of combined operations.The total purchase price was $448 million, consisting of $436 millioncash consideration and $12 millionrelated to prepaid license fees paid by the Company to Vyatta that was effectively settled at the recorded amount as a result of the acquisition. In addition, the Company paid direct acquisition costs of $04 million.DivestituresOn January17, 2014, the Company completed the sale of its network adapter business to QLogic Corporation as part of the Companys business strategy to focus development on a portfolio of high-performance networking hardware and software-based products and services.The net carrying amount of the network adapter business assets and liabilities at the time of the divestiture was $51 million, comprised primarily of associated goodwill of $41 million. The sale resulted in a gain of $49 million, which is presented in the Companys Consolidated Statements of Income as Gain on sale of network adapter business72Table of Contents4. Goodwill and Intangible AssetsThe following table presents a summary of the net carrying value of the Companys intangible assets in thousands:October31, 2015November1, 2014Indefinite-lived intangible  research and development 115,11015,110Finite-lived intangible assets:Total intangible assets subject to amortization 2, 360,51311,548Total intangible  IPRD is an intangible asset accounted for as an indefinite-lived asset until the completion or abandonment of the associated research and development effort. If the research and development effort associated with the IPRD is successfully completed, then the IPRD intangible asset will be amortized over its estimated useful life to be determined at the date the effort is completed. The development effort on the remaining IPRD intangible asset is expected to be completed by the first quarter of fiscal year 20162During the fiscal year ended October 31, 2015, the Company purchased a perpetual, nonexclusive license to certain patents for $78 million3During the fiscal year ended October 31, 2015, the Company acquired $523 millionof intangible assets related to the Companys acquisition of two businesses. See Note 3, Acquisitions and Divestitures, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.The Company conducts the IPRD impairment test annually, as of the first day of the second fiscal quarter, or when events occur or facts and circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the IPRD is impaired. For the annual IPRD impairment test for fiscal year 2015, the Company elects the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the IPRD assets is less than the carrying amount. If, after assessing the totality of events and circumstances, the Company determines that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the IPRD assets is less than the carrying amount, then the Company conducts a quantitative analysis to determine the fair value of the IPRD assets. If the carrying amount of the IPRD assets exceeds the fair value, then the Company recognizes an impairment loss equal to the difference.Based on the results of the annual IPRD impairment analysis performed during the second fiscal quarter of 2015, the Company determined that no impairment needed to be recorded. As of October31, 2015, no new events or circumstances had arisen since the annual IPRD impairment analysis performed during the second quarter of fiscal year 2015 that indicated that the fair value of the IPRD assets may be less than the current carrying amount73Table of ContentsThe following table summarizes goodwill activity by reportable segment during the fiscal years ended October31, 2015, and November1, 2014in thousands:SANProductsIP  at October 26,  impairment    and other adjustments 3581,6181,676Balance at November 1,  impairment  449,45849,458Purchase accounting adjustments1515Tax and other adjustments 32121Translation adjustments1616Balance at October 31,  impairment  the second quarter of fiscal year 2014, the Company made a strategic change in the allocation of its engineering resources by reducing its investment in engineering and sales for the hardware-based Brocade ADX products and increasing engineering investment in the software-based Brocade ADX products for Layer 4-7 applications. As a result of this change in strategy, the Company expected hardware-based Brocade ADX and related support revenue to be negatively impacted. Based on these changes in estimates, the Company recognized an impairment charge during the second fiscal quarter of 2014 because the book value of its Application Delivery Products ADP reporting unit net assets, which includes the Brocade ADX products, exceeded the estimated fair value of these assets. The goodwill amount related to the Companys other reporting units was not impacted2The goodwill disposed relates to the sale of the Companys network adapter business. See Note 3, Acquisitions and Divestitures, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements3The goodwill adjustments were primarily a result of tax benefits from the exercise of stock awards of acquired companies4The goodwill acquired relates to the Companys acquisition of two businesses, which is gross of the adjustments recorded during the purchase price allocation period. See Note 3, Acquisitions and Divestitures, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.The Company conducts its goodwill impairment test annually, as of the first day of the second fiscal quarter, and whenever events occur or facts and circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. For the annual goodwill impairment test, the Company uses the income approach, the market approach, or a combination thereof to determine each reporting units fair value. The income approach provides an estimate of fair value based on discounted expected future cash flows DCF. The market approach provides an estimate of fair value by applying various observable market-based multiples to the reporting units operating results and then applying an appropriate control premium. For the fiscal year 2015annual goodwill impairment test, the Company used a combination of approaches to estimate each reporting units fair value. The Company believed that at the time of impairment testing performed in the second fiscal quarter of 2015, the income approach and the market approach were equally representative of a reporting units fair value. 74Table of ContentsDetermining the fair value of a reporting unit or an intangible asset requires judgment and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. The Company based its fair value estimates on assumptions it believes to be reasonable, but inherently uncertain. Estimates and assumptions with respect to the determination of the fair value of its reporting units using the income approach include, among other inputs:The Companys operating forecasts;The Companys forecasted revenue growth rates; andRisk-commensurate discount rates and costs of capital.The Companys estimates of revenues and costs are based on historical data, various internal estimates, and a variety of external sources, and are developed as part of our regular long-range planning process. The control premium used in market or combined approaches is determined by considering control premiums offered as part of the acquisitions that have occurred in market segments that are comparable with the Companys reporting units. Based on the results of the annual goodwill impairment analysis performed during the second fiscal quarter of 2015, the Company determined that no impairment needed to be recorded. As of October31, 2015, no new events or circumstances had arisen since the annual goodwill impairment analysis performed during the second quarter of fiscal year 2015that indicated that the fair values of the reporting units may be less than their current carrying amounts.The Company acquired certain finite-lived intangible assets as part of its acquisitions during the fiscal years ended October31, 2015, November1, 2014, and October26, 2013see Note3, Acquisitions and Divestitures, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The acquired finite-lived intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The Company did not incur costs to renew or extend the term of any acquired finite-lived intangible assets duringthe fiscal years ended October31, 2015, November1, 2014, and October26, 2013. The following table presents the fair values and weighted-average useful lives of the acquired finite-lived intangible assets in thousands, except for weighted-average useful life:Fiscal Year EndedOctober 31, 2015November 1, 2014October 26, 2013Fair ValueWeighted-AverageUseful Lifein yearsFair ValueWeighted-AverageUseful Lifein yearsFair ValueWeighted-AverageUseful Lifein yearsTrade     with broader applications 11,0401500Total intangible  patents were acquired by the Company as part of an acquisition in fiscal year 2015. The potential use of these patents extends beyond their use in the core/developed technology acquired75Table of ContentsIntangible assets other than goodwill are amortized on a straight-line basis over the following estimated remaining useful lives, unless the Company has determined these lives to be indefinite. The following tables present details of the Companys finite-lived intangible assets in thousands, except for weighted-average remaining useful  2015Trade   portfolio license 17,7508496,9011774Customer   with broader  intangible  yearsNovember1, 2014Trade    agreements810394416201Total intangible assets  patent portfolio license was assigned an estimated useful life that reflects the Companys consumption of the expected defensive benefits related to this license to certain patents. The method of amortization for the patent portfolio license reflects the Companys estimate of the pattern in which these expected defensive benefits will be used by the Company and is primarily based on the mix of expiration patterns of the individual patents included in the license2During the fiscal year ended November1, 2014, $4773 millionof finite-lived intangible assets became fully amortized and, therefore, were removed from the balance sheet.The following table presents the amortization of finite-lived intangible assets included on the Companys Consolidated Statements of Income in thousands:Fiscal Year EndedOctober31, 2015November1, 2014October26, 2013Cost of  and administrative 1849Other operating  amortization is related to the $78 millionof perpetual, nonexclusive license to certain patents purchased during the fiscal year ended October 31, 201576Table of ContentsThe following table presents the estimated future amortization of finite-lived intangible assets as of October31, 2015in thousands:Fiscal  Restructuring and Other Related CostsThe following table provides details of the Companys restructuring and other related costs in thousands:Fiscal Year EndedOctober31, 2015November1, 2014October26, 2013Goodwill impairment$$83,382$Severance and benefits1,78820,413Contract terminations and other3,981Leaseloss reserve and related costs  goodwill impairment, and other related costs  following table provides a reconciliation of the Companys beginning and ending restructuring liability balances in thousands:Fiscal 2013 Fourth Quarter Restructuring PlanOther Restructuring PlansSeveranceand BenefitsContract Terminationsand OtherLeaseLossReserve and Related CostsLeaseLossReserve and Related CostsTotalRestructuring liabilities at October 26,  and other charges187,6867,704Cash  adjustments, net1,8051,805Translation  liabilities at November 1,  and other charges519159678Cash  adjustments, net2727Translation  liabilities at October 31,  restructuring liabilities at October 31,  restructuring liabilities at October 31, 2015 1,167$72$1,23977Table of ContentsFiscal 2013 Fourth Quarter Restructuring PlanDuring the fiscal year ended October 26, 2013, and the first quarter of fiscal year 2014, the Company restructured certain business operations and reduced the Companys operating expense structure. The restructuring plan was approved by the Companys management and communicated to the Companys employees in September 2013. The restructuring plan included a workforce reduction of approximately 250employees, primarily in the engineering, sales, and marketing organizations, as well as the cancellation of certain nonrecurring engineering agreements and exit from certain leased facilities. The Company substantially completed the restructuring plan by the end of the first quarter of fiscal year 2014.Other Restructuring PlansThe Company also recorded charges related to estimated facilities lease losses, net of expected sublease income, due to consolidation of real estate space as a result of acquisitions.Cash payments for facilities that are part of the Companys lease loss reserve are expected to be paid over the respective lease terms through fiscal year 2021.GeneralThe Company reevaluates its estimates and assumptions on a quarterly basis and makes adjustments to the restructuring liabilities balance if necessary. During the fiscal year ended October31, 2015, the Company reversed approximately $07 millionof charges related to estimated facilities lease losses primarily due to favorable changes in expected sublease terms and other related assumptions.The restructuring and other related charges are included in Restructuring, goodwill impairment, and other related costs benefits on the Companys Consolidated Statements of Income6. Balance Sheet DetailsThe following tables provide details of selected balance sheet items in thousands:October31, 2015November1, 2014Accounts receivable:Accounts  for doubtful accounts1,83880Sales  receivable, net$235,883$224,913October31, 2015November1, 2014Inventories:Raw   of ContentsOctober31, 2015November1, 2014Property and equipment, net:Gross property and equipmentComputer  and other equipment 1407,342383,412Furniture and fixtures 131,02829,053Leasehold improvements33,98623,607Land and building385,415384,659Total gross property and  depreciation and amortization 1, 2500,992451,896Property and equipment,  and other equipment, furniture and fixtures, and accumulated depreciation and amortization include the following amounts under capital leases as of October31, 2015, and November1, 2014in thousands:October31, 2015November1,   and equipment, net, under capital leases$455$4,7162The following table presents the depreciation of property and equipment included on the Companys Consolidated Statements of Income in thousands:Fiscal Year EndedOctober31, 2015November1, 2014October26, 2013Depreciation  2015November1, 2014Other accrued liabilities:Income taxes payable$7,142$5,632Accrued warranty7,5997,486Inventory purchase commitments1,2372,541Accrued sales programs33,63731,640Accrued  accrued liabilities$77,524$84,5927. Fair Value MeasurementsFair value is the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. In determining fair value for assets and liabilities required or permitted to be recorded at fair value, the Company considers the principal or most advantageous market in which it would transact and also considers assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability. The Company applies fair value measurements for both financial and non-financial assets and liabilities. The Company does not have any non-financial assets or liabilities that are required to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of October31, 2015.The fair value of the Companys financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, restricted cash, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, approximate cost because of their short maturities79Table of ContentsThe fair value accounting guidance permits companies to elect fair value measurement for many financial instruments and certain other items that are not required to be accounted for at fair value.The Company did not elect fair value measurement for any eligible financial instruments or other assets.Fair Value HierarchyThe Company utilizes a fair value hierarchy that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. A financial instruments categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. There are three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value:Level 1Observable inputs that reflect quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Brocades assets utilizing Level 1 inputs include money market funds.Level 2Inputs that reflect quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in less-active markets, or model-derived valuations in which significant inputs are observable or can be derived principally from, or corroborated by, observable market data. Brocades assets and liabilities utilizing Level 2 inputs include derivative instruments. The Company uses observable market prices for comparable instruments to value its derivative instruments.Level 3Unobservable inputs that reflect the Companys own assumptions incorporated in valuation techniques used to determine fair value. These assumptions are required to be consistent with market participant assumptions that are reasonably available. Brocade has no assets or liabilities utilizing Level 3 inputs.During the fiscal year ended October31, 2015, the Company had no transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy of its assets and liabilities measured at fair value.Assets and liabilities measured and recorded at fair value on a recurring basis as of October31, 2015, were as follows in thousands:Fair Value Measurements UsingBalance as of October 31, 2015QuotedPricesinActive Marketsfor IdenticalInstrumentsLevel   3Assets:Money market funds  assets709709Total assets measured at fair   liabilities measured at fair value$1,125$$1,125$1Money market funds are reported within Cash and cash equivalents on the Companys Consolidated Balance Sheets80Table of ContentsAssets and liabilities measured and recorded at fair value on a recurring basis as of November1, 2014, were as follows in thousands:Fair Value Measurements UsingBalance as of November 1, 2014QuotedPricesinActive Marketsfor IdenticalInstrumentsLevel 1Significant OtherObservableInputsLevel  3Assets:Money market funds  assets9999Total assets measured at fair   liabilities measured at fair value$1,937$$1,937$1Money market funds are reported within Cash and cash equivalents on the Companys Consolidated Balance Sheets8. BorrowingsThe following table provides details of the Companys long-term debt in thousands, except years and percentages:October31, 2015November1, 2014MaturityStated Annual Interest RateAmountEffective Interest RateAmountEffective Interest RateConvertible Senior Unsecured Notes2020 Convertible  Unsecured Notes2023  Secured Notes2020  lease  gross long-term debt875,298602,115Unamortized  portion of long-term debt2981,826Long-term debt, net of current  Senior Unsecured NotesOn January14, 2015, the Company issued$5750 millionin aggregate principal amount of 1375% convertible senior unsecured notes due 2020 the 2020 Convertible Notes pursuant to an indenture, dated as of January14, 2015, between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as the trustee the Offering. Net of an original issue discount, the Company received$5657 millionin proceeds from the Offering. Concurrently with the closing of the Offering, the Company called for redemption its outstanding 6875% senior secured notes due 2020 the 2020 Notes and irrevocably deposited a portion of the net proceeds from the Offering with the trustee to discharge the 2020 Indenture as described below under Senior Secured Notes.The 2020 Convertible Notes bear interest payable semiannually on January 1 and July 1 of each year, beginning on July 1, 2015. No payments were made toward the principal of the 2020 Convertible Notes duringthe fiscal year ended October31, 2015.The Company separately accounts for the liability and equity components of the 2020 Convertible Notes. The fair value of the liability component, used in the allocation between the liability and equity components as of the date of issuance, was based on the present value of cash flows using a discount rate of 457%, the Companys borrowing rate for a similar debt instrument without the conversion feature. The carrying values of the liability and equity components of the 2020 Convertible Notes are as follows in thousands:81Table of ContentsOctober31,  discount of the liability component76,311Net carrying amount of liability component$498,689Carrying amount of equity component$70,765As of October31, 2015, the remaining period of amortization for the discount is 417years. The amount of interest cost recognized for amortization of the discount and for the contractual interest coupon for the 2020 Convertible Notes was $129 millionand $63 million, respectively, during the fiscal year ended October31, 2015. No interest cost was recognized for the 2020 Convertible Notes during the fiscal years ended November1, 2014, and October26, 2013.As of October31, 2015, the fair value of the 2020 Convertible Notes was approximately $5680 million, which was estimated based on broker trading prices.The 2020 Convertible Notes mature on January1, 2020, unless repurchased or converted in accordance with their terms prior to such date. The 2020 Convertible Notes are not callable prior to their maturity. The 2020 Convertible Notes are convertible into common shares of the Company under the circumstances described below. The initial conversion rate is 627746shares of the Companys common stock per $1,000 principal amount of the notes, which is equal to 361 millionshares at an initial conversion price of approximately $1593per share.The 2020 Convertible Notes contain provisions where the conversion rate is adjusted upon the occurrence of certain events, including if the Company pays a regular, quarterly cash dividend in an amount greater than $0035 per share. During the fourth fiscal quarter of 2015, the Board of Directors of the Company declared and paid a cash dividend in the amount of $0045 per share. Accordingly, as of September8, 2015, the conversion rate was adjusted to a rate of 628879shares of the Companys common stock per $1,000 principal amount of the notes, which is equal to 362 millionshares at a conversion price of approximately $1590per share. However, because the adjustment resulted in a change to the conversion rate of less than 1%, as is allowed by the terms of the indenture governing the 2020 Convertible Notes, the Company elected to defer the administration and noteholder notification of such adjustment until the occurrence of i a subsequent adjustment to the conversion rate that results in a cumulative adjustment of at least 1% of the current conversion rate, ii the conversion of any 2020 Convertible Note, or iii certain other events requiring the adjustment to be made under the indenture governing the 2020 Convertible Notes.Holders of the 2020 Convertible Notes may convert all or a portion of their notes prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding September 1, 2019, in multiples of $1,000 principal amount, only under the following circumstances:During any fiscal quarter commencing after the fiscal quarter ending on May2, 2015 and only during such fiscal quarter, if the last reported sale price of the Companys common stock for at least 20trading days whether or not consecutive during a period of 30consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the immediately preceding fiscal quarter is greater than or equal to 130%of the conversion price of the notes on each applicable trading day;During the five-business-day period after any 10consecutive trading day period in which the trading price per $1,000 principal amount of the notes for each trading day of that 10consecutive trading day period was less than 98%of the product of the last reported sale price of the Companys common stock and the conversion rate of the notes on each such trading day; orUpon the occurrence of certain corporate events as specified in the terms of the indenture governing the 2020 Convertible Notes.On or after September 1, 2019, to the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, holders may convert all or any portion of their notes regardless of the foregoing conditions.As of October31, 2015, the circumstances for conversion had not been triggered, and the 2020 Convertible Notes were not convertible. The if-converted value of the 2020 Convertible Notes as of October31, 2015, did notexceed the principal amount of the 2020 Convertible Notes.If a fundamental change, as specified in the terms of the indenture governing the 2020 Convertible Notes, occurs prior to the maturity date, holders of the notes may require the Company to repurchase the 2020 Convertible Notes at a repurchase price equal to 100%of the principal amount of the 2020 Convertible Notes repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, up to the repurchase date. As of October31, 2015, a fundamental change had not occurred and the 2020 Convertible Notes were not re-purchasable82Table of ContentsConvertible Note Hedge and Warrants Related to the Convertible Senior Unsecured NotesIn connection with the issuance of the 2020 Convertible Notes, the Company entered into convertible note hedge transactions with certain financial institutions the counterparties with respect to its common stock. Upon conversion of the 2020 Convertible Notes, the convertible note hedge transactions give the Company the right to acquire from the counterparties, subject to anti-dilution adjustments substantially similar to those in the 2020 Convertible Notes, initially approximately 361 millionshares of the Companys common stock at an initial strike price of $1593per share. Because a dividend in an amount greater than $0035 per share was declared and paid effective beginning in the third fiscal quarter of 2015, the strike price under the convertible note hedge transactions was adjusted to approximately $1590per share. The convertible note hedge transactions are expected generally to reduce the potential common stock dilution, and/or offset potential cash payments in excess of the principal amount of converted notes, upon conversion of the notes in the event that the market price per share of the Companys common stock, as measured under the terms of the convertible note hedge transactions, is greater than the strike price of the convertible note hedge transactions. The convertible note hedge transactions will be terminated on the maturity date of the 2020 Convertible Notes or earlier under certain circumstances. The $861 millioncost of the convertible note hedge transactions has been accounted for as an equity transaction.Separately from the convertible note hedge transactions, the Company entered into warrant transactions with the counterparties, pursuant to which the Company sold warrants to the counterparties to acquire, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments, up to 361 millionshares in the aggregate at an initial strike price of $2065per share. The primary reason the Company entered into these warrant transactions was to partially offset the cost of the convertible note hedge transactions. The warrants mature over 60trading days, commencing on April1, 2020, and are exercisable solely on the maturity dates. The warrants are subject to net share settlement; however, the Company may elect to cash settle the warrants. The Company received gross proceeds of $512 millionfrom the warrant transactions, which have been accounted for as an equity transaction.Under the terms of the warrants, the strike price and number of shares to be acquired by the holders of the warrants are adjusted if the Company pays a regular, quarterly cash dividend in an amount greater than $0035 per share. Accordingly, the terms of the warrants were adjusted to reflect the payment of a cash dividend in the amount of $0045 per share beginning in the third fiscal quarter of 2015, and, as of September8, 2015, the holders of the warrants have the right to acquire up to approximately 362 millionshares of the Companys common stock at a strike price of approximately $2061per share.See Note 17, Net Income per Share, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of the dilutive impact of the 2020 Convertible Notes and the convertible note hedge and warrant transactions.Senior Unsecured NotesIn January 2013, the Company issued 4625% senior unsecured notes in the aggregate principal amount of $3000 milliondue 2023 the 2023 Notes pursuant to an indenture, dated as of January 22, 2013 the 2023 Indenture, between the Company, certain domestic subsidiaries of the Company that have guaranteed the Companys obligations under the 2023 Notes, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as the trustee. The guarantees of the 2023 Notes were released upon the termination of the Senior Secured Credit Facility and discharge of the 2020 Indenture, and, as a result, the Company ceased presenting condensed consolidated financial statements for the parent company, the former subsidiary guarantors, and non-guarantor subsidiaries effective in the first fiscal quarter of 2015. See Note 18, Guarantor and Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.The 2023 Notes bear interest payable semiannually on January 15and July 15of each year. No payments were made toward the principal of the 2023 Notes during the fiscal year ended October31, 2015.As of October31, 2015, and November1, 2014, the fair value of the 2023 Notes was approximately $2939 millionand $2924 million, respectively, which was estimated based on broker trading prices.On or after January15, 2018, the Company may redeem all or part of the 2023 Notes at the redemption prices set forth in the 2023 Indenture, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, up to the redemption date. At any time prior to January15, 2018, the Company may redeem all or a part of the 2023 Notes at a price equal to 100%of the principal amount of the 2023 Notes, plus an applicable premium and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, up to the redemption date. In addition, at any time prior to January 15, 2016, the Company may redeem up to 35%of the principal amount of the 2023 Notes, using the net cash proceeds of one or more sales of the Companys capital stock, at a redemption price equal to 104625%of the principal amount of the 2023 Notes redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, up to the redemption date.If the Company experiences a specified change of control triggering event, it must offer to repurchase the 2023 Notes at a repurchase price equal to 101%of the principal amount of the 2023 Notes repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, up to the repurchase date83Table of ContentsThe 2023 Indenture contains covenants that, among other things, restrict the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to:Incur certain liens and enter into certain sale-leaseback transactions;Create, assume, incur, or guarantee additional indebtedness of the Companys subsidiaries without such subsidiary guaranteeing the 2023 Notes on a pari passu basis; andEnter into certain consolidation or merger transactions, or convey, transfer, or lease all or substantially all of the Companys or its subsidiaries assets.These covenants are subject to a number of limitations and exceptions as set forth in the 2023 Indenture. The 2023 Indenture also includes customary events of default, including cross-defaults to other debt of the Company and its subsidiaries.Senior Secured NotesIn January 2010, the Company issued $3000 millionin aggregate principal amount of the 2020 Notes pursuant to an indenture, dated as of January 20, 2010, between the Company, certain domestic subsidiaries of the Company that have guaranteed the Companys obligations under the 2020 Notes, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as the trustee the 2020 Indenture. Interest on the 2020 Notes was payable semiannually on January 15 and July 15 of each year. The Companys obligations under the 2020 Notes were previously guaranteed by certain of the Companys domestic subsidiaries and secured by a lien on substantially all of the Companys and the subsidiary guarantors assets.On January 14, 2015, the Company called the 2020 Notes for redemption at a redemption price equal to 103438%of the principal amount of the 2020 Notes, and irrevocably deposited $3222 millionwith the trustee for the 2020 Notes to discharge the 2020 Indenture. Due to the deposit and discharge, the guarantees provided by certain of the Companys domestic subsidiaries, and the liens granted by the Company and the subsidiary guarantors to secure their obligations with respect to the 2020 Notes, were released as of the date of the deposit. As a result, the Company ceased presenting condensed consolidated financial statements for the parent company, the former subsidiary guarantors, and non-guarantor subsidiaries effective in the first fiscal quarter of 2015. See Note 18, Guarantor and Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.The amount deposited with the trustee included $3000 millionto repay the principal amount of the 2020 Notes, $103 millionrepresenting the difference between the redemption price and the principal amount of the 2020 Notes Call Premium, $103 millionfor accrued interest through January 15, 2015, and $16 millionof interest payable up to the redemption date of February 13, 2015. The trustee redeemed the 2020 Notes on February 13, 2015, using the deposited amount, extinguishing the Companys $3000 millionliability for the principal amount of the 2020 Notes.In accordance with the applicable accounting guidance for debt modification and extinguishment, and for interest costs accounting, the Company expensed the Call Premium, remaining debt issuance costs, and remaining original issue discount relating to the 2020 Notes in the first quarter of fiscal year 2015, which totaled $204 million. The Company reported this expense within Interest expense on the Companys Consolidated Statements of Incomefor the fiscal year ended October31, 2015.As of November1, 2014, the fair value of the 2020 Notes was approximately $3125 million, which was estimated based on broker trading prices.Senior Secured Credit FacilityIn October 2008, the Company entered into a credit agreement for ia five-year, $1,1000 millionterm loan facility and iia five-year, $1250 millionrevolving credit facility, which included a $250 millionswing line loan sub-facility and a $250 millionletter of credit sub-facility Senior Secured Credit Facility. The credit agreement was subsequently amended in January 2010, June 2011, January 2013, October 2013, and April 2014, to, among other things, remove and update certain covenants, reduce interest rates on the term loan facility, reduce interest rates and fees on the revolving credit facility, and extend the maturity date of the revolving credit facility. There were noprincipal amounts or commitments outstanding under the term loan facility and the revolving credit facility as of either October31, 2015, or November1, 2014.On January 9, 2015, the Company terminated the Senior Secured Credit Facility84Table of ContentsDebt MaturitiesAs of October31, 2015, the Companys aggregate debt maturities based on outstanding principal were as follows in thousands:Fiscal  Commitments and ContingenciesOperating LeasesThe Company leases certain facilities and certain equipment under various operating agreements expiring through October 2025. In connection with its facilities lease agreements, the Company has signed unconditional, irrevocable letters of credit totaling $01 millionas security for the leases.The following table presents the composition of net rent expense included on the Companys Consolidated Statements of Income in thousands:Fiscal Year EndedOctober31, 2015November1, 2014October26, 2013Rent   rent  minimum lease payments under all non-cancellable operating leases as of October31, 2015, excluding the contractual sublease income of $97 million, are as follows in thousands:Fiscal  minimum lease payments$72,306Capital LeasesFuture minimum lease payments under all non-cancellable capital leases as of October31, 2015, are as follows in thousands:Fiscal YearCapitalLeases2016 - Total minimum lease payments$304Amount representing interest6Present value of net minimum lease payments$29885Table of ContentsProduct WarrantiesThe Companys accrued liability for estimated future warranty costs is included in Other accrued liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The following table summarizes the activity related to the Companys accrued liability for estimated future warranty costs during the fiscal years ended October31, 2015, and November1, 2014in thousands:Accrued WarrantyFiscal Year EndedOctober31, 2015November1, 2014Beginning  accrued for warranties issued during the period4,0764,683Warranty claims paid and used during the period4,1644,978Changes in liability for pre-existing warranties during the period201851Ending balance$7,599$7,486In addition, the Company has defense and indemnification clauses contained within its various customer contracts. As such, the Company indemnifies the parties to whom it sells its products with respect to the Companys products, both alone and in certain circumstances when in combination with other products and services, for infringement of any patents, trademarks, copyrights, or trade secrets, as well as against bodily injury or damage to real or tangible personal property caused by a defective Company product. As of October31, 2015, there have been no known events or circumstances that have resulted in a material customer contract-related indemnification liability to the Company.Manufacturing and Purchase CommitmentsBrocade has manufacturing arrangements with its CMs under which Brocade provides product forecasts and places purchase orders in advance of the scheduled delivery of products to Brocades customers. The required lead time for placing orders with the CMs depends on the specific product. Brocade issues purchase orders, and the CMs then generate invoices based on prices and payment terms mutually agreed upon and set forth in those purchase orders. Although the purchase orders Brocade places with its CMs are cancellable, the terms of the agreements require Brocade to purchase all inventory components not returnable, usable by, or sold to other customers of the CMs. In addition, Brocade has an arrangement with one of its CMs regarding factory capacity that can be used by the Company. Under this arrangement, the Company receives a credit for exceeding the planned utilization of factory capacity and, conversely, is required to pay additional fees for not utilizing the planned capacity.As of October31, 2015, the Companys aggregate commitment to its CMs for inventory components used in the manufacture of Brocade products was $1762 million, which the Company expects to utilize during future normal ongoing operations, net of a purchase commitments reserve of $12 million, which is reported within Other accrued liabilities on the Companys Consolidated Balance Sheet as ofOctober31, 2015. The Companys purchase commitments reserve reflects the Companys estimate of purchase commitments it does not expect to utilize in normal ongoing operations.Income TaxesThe Company is subject to several ongoing income tax audits and has received notices of proposed adjustments or assessments from certain tax authorities. For additional discussion, see Note 15,Income Taxes, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company believes it has adequate reserves for all open tax years.Legal ProceedingsFrom time to time, the Company is subject to various legal proceedings and claims, either asserted or unasserted, which arise in the ordinary course of business, including claims of alleged infringement of patents and/or other intellectual property rights and commercial and employment contract disputes. While the outcome of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty, the Company does not believe that the outcome of any of these matters, individually or in the aggregate, will result in losses that are materially in excess of amounts already accrued by the Company86Table of Contents10. Derivative Instruments and Hedging ActivitiesIn the normal course of business, the Company is exposed to fluctuations in interest rates and the exchange rates associated with foreign currencies. The Companys primary objective for holding derivative financial instruments is to manage foreign currency exchange rate risk. The Company currently does not manage its exposure to credit risk by entering into derivative instruments. However, the Company manages its exposure to credit risk through its investment policies. As part of these investment policies, the Company generally enters into transactions with high-credit quality counterparties and, by policy, limits the amount of credit exposure to any one counterparty based on its analysis of that counterpartys relative credit standing.The amounts subject to credit risk related to derivative instruments are generally limited to the amounts, if any, by which a counterpartys obligations exceed the Companys obligations with that counterparty.Foreign Currency Exchange Rate RiskA majority of the Companys revenue, expense, and capital purchasing activities are transacted in U.S. dollars. However, the Company is exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk inherent in conducting business globally in numerous currencies. The Company is primarily exposed to foreign currency fluctuations related to operating expenses denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, of which the most significant to its operations for the fiscal year ended October31, 2015, were the British pound, the euro, the Indian rupee, the Chinese yuan, the Singapore dollar, the Japanese yen, and the Swiss franc. The Company has established a foreign currency risk management program to protect against the volatility of future cash flows caused by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. This program reduces, but does not eliminate, the impact of foreign currency exchange rate movements.The Company utilizes a rolling hedge strategy for the majority of its foreign currency derivative instruments to hedge exposures to the variability in the U.S. dollar equivalent of anticipated non-U.S.-dollar-denominated cash flows. All of the Companys foreign currency forward contracts are single delivery, which are settled at maturity involving one cash payment. The Companys foreign currency risk management program includes foreign currency derivatives with a cash flow hedge accounting designation that utilizes foreign currency forward and option contracts to hedge exposures to the variability in the U.S. dollar equivalent of anticipated non-U.S.-dollar-denominated cash flows. These instruments generally have a maturity of less than 15 months. For these derivatives, the Company initially reports the after-tax gain or loss from the effective portion of the hedge as a component of accumulated other comprehensive lossin stockholders equity and reclassifies it into earnings in the same period in which the hedged transaction affects earnings. The tax effect allocated to cash flow hedge-related components of other comprehensive loss was not significant for the fiscal years ended October31, 2015, November1, 2014, and October26, 2013.Ineffective cash flow hedges are included in the Companys net income as part of Other income, net. The amount recorded on ineffective cash flow hedges was not significant for the fiscal years ended October31, 2015, November1, 2014, and October26, 2013.Net gains losses relating to the effective portion of foreign currency derivatives recorded in the Companys Consolidated Statements of Income are as follows in thousands:Fiscal Year EndedOctober 31, 2015November 1, 2014October 26, 2013Cost of revenues$898$126$98Research and  and marketing2,772528356General and  the Company may choose not to hedge the foreign currency risk associated with its foreign currency exposures if the Company believes such exposure acts as a natural foreign currency hedge for other offsetting amounts denominated in the same currency or if the currency is difficult or too expensive to hedge. The net foreign currency exchange gains and losses recorded as part of Other income, net were losses of $04 millionand $03 millionfor the fiscal years ended October31, 2015,and November1, 2014, respectively, and gains of $01 millionfor the fiscal year ended October26, 2013.As of October31, 2015, the Company had gross unrealized loss positions of $11 millionand gross unrealized gain positions of $07 millionincluded in Other accrued liabilities and Prepaid expenses and other current assets, respectively87Table of ContentsVolume of Derivative ActivityTotal gross notional amounts, presented by currency, are as follows in   U.S. dollarsOctober31, 2015November1, 2014October31, 2015November1, 2014British  rupee35,64719,413Chinese yuan15,12910,406Singapore dollar13,7459,242Swiss franc9,2657,468Japanese  Employee Compensation PlansIn April 2009, the stockholders of Brocade approved the Companys 2009 Stock Plan, 2009 Director Plan, and 2009 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 2009 ESPP, and such plans are now part of the Companys equity compensation plans. The Companys 1999 Stock Plan, 1999 Director Option Plan, and 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 1999 ESPP each expired in March 2009.In April 2012, the stockholders of Brocade approved an amendment and restatement of the Companys 2009 Stock Plan and 2009 ESPP to increase the plans share reserves by 350 millionand 300 millionshares, respectively.In January 2013, the Compensation Committee the Committee of the Board of Directors of Brocade adopted the 2013 Inducement Award Plan. The objective of the plan is to provide incentives to attract, retain, and motivate eligible persons whose potential contributions are important to promote the success of the Company.In April 2015, the stockholders of Brocade approved an amendment and restatement of the Companys 2009 Stock Plan and 2009 Director Plan to increase the plans share reserves by 295 millionand 10 millionshares, respectively, as well as change the fungible ratio at which RSUs are deducted from and returned to the plans. The 2009 Director Plan was also amended and restated to eliminate the fixed share initial restricted stock unit award granted in connection with an election or appointment to our Board of Directors, change the formula for calculating a pro-rata annual grant for a new director who first becomes a director other than at an annual meeting, and revise the annual restricted stock unit award to cover a fixed value of shares88Table of Contents2013 Inducement Award PlanThe 2013 Inducement Award Plan provides for the grant of stock options, restricted stock, RSUs, stock appreciation rights, performance units, performance shares, and other stock or cash awards to recipients as the Committee may determine. Per the terms of the plan, 24 millionshares of the Companys common stock are reserved for issuance under the plan, subject to adjustment for stock dividends, stock splits, or other changes in the Companys common stock or the Companys capital structure. In addition, the exercise price of stock options and stock appreciation rights granted under the plan must be at least equal to the fair market value of the Companys common stock on the date of grant. The term, vesting schedule, and other conditions applicable to grants made under this plan are established by the Committee at the time of grant2009 Stock PlanThe 2009 Stock Plan provides for the grant of stock options, restricted stock, RSUs, including restricted stock units with market conditions, stock appreciation rights, performance units, performance shares, and other stock or cash awards to employees, directors, and consultants. Per the terms of the 2009 Stock Plan, as amended, 1125 millionshares of the Companys common stock are reserved for issuance under the plan, plus any shares subject to stock options or similar awards granted under the Companys 1999 Stock Plan, 1999 Nonstatutory Stock Option Plan 1999 NSO Plan, and 2001 McDATA Equity Incentive Plan that expire or otherwise terminate without having been exercised in full, and shares issued pursuant to awards granted under the Companys 1999 Stock Plan, 1999 NSO Plan, and 2001 McDATA Equity Incentive Plan that are forfeited to or repurchased by the Company, with the maximum number of shares to be added to the 2009 Stock Plan pursuant to this clause equal to 403 millionshares2009 Director PlanThe 2009 Director Plan provides for the grant of stock options and RSUs to non-employee directors of the Company. The Board of Directors has reserved 30 millionshares of the Companys common stock for issuance under the 2009 Director Plan, plus any shares subject to stock options or similar awards granted under the Companys 1999 Director Option Plan that expire or otherwise terminate without having been exercised in full, and shares issued pursuant to awards granted under the Companys 1999 Director Option Plan that are forfeited to or repurchased by the Company, with the maximum number of shares to be added to the 2009 Director Plan pursuant to this clause equal to 09 millionshares2009 Employee Stock Purchase PlanThe 2009 ESPP permits eligible employees to purchase shares of the Companys common stock through payroll deductions for up to 15%of qualified compensation during the offering period. The purchase price is 85%of the lesser of the fair market value of the Companys common stock on ithe first trading day of the offering period, or iithe last day of each purchase period; provided, however, that the purchase price for subsequent offering periods may be determined by the administrator, subject to compliance with the terms of the 2009 ESPP. A total of 650 millionshares of the Companys common stock are reserved for issuance under the 2009 ESPP, as amended. The 2009 ESPP is implemented through consecutive, overlapping offering periods. The offering periods generally start with the first trading day on or after June1 and December1 each year and end on the last trading day in the periods ending 24months later, unless the fair market value of the Companys common stock on the last day of a purchase period is lower than the fair market value of the Companys common stock on the first trading day of the offering period, in which case the offering period will end early, immediately after the purchase period, and a new offering period will commence on or about such date. Each offering period is divided into fourpurchase periods of approximately six monthsin length. Eligible employees may purchase no more than 3,750shares of the Companys common stock during each purchase period. As of October31, 2015, 105 millionshares were available for issuance under the 2009 ESPP.McDATA Equity PlansOn January29, 2007, effective upon the consummation of the merger, Brocade assumed the McDATA equity plans. As of October31, 2015, the number of outstanding options under former McDATA equity plans was immaterial89Table of ContentsSummary of Equity Compensation PlansThe Company may grant stock options, restricted stock awards, and RSUs, including restricted stock units with market conditions, for shares of the Companys common stock and other types of equity compensation awards to its employees and directors under the various equity compensation plans described above. Effective in April 2015, in accordance with the terms of the 2009 Stock Plan and the 2009 Director Plan, as amended, each award granted other than stock options or stock appreciation rights will count against the applicable plans share reserve as 203shares for every one share subject to such award. In addition, the exercise price of stock options and stock appreciation rights granted under the 2009 Stock Plan must be at least equal to the fair market value of the Companys common stock on the date of grant and the exercise price of incentive stock options granted to any participant who owns more than 10%of the total voting power of all classes of the Companys outstanding stock must be at least 110%of the fair market value of the Companys common stock on the date of grant.The term of a stock option and a stock appreciation right may not exceed seven years, except that, with respect to any participant who owns 10%of the voting power of all classes of the Companys outstanding capital stock, the term of an incentive stock option may not exceed five years. The majority of the stock options, restricted stock awards, and RSUs granted under the Companys equity compensation plans vest over a period of threeto four years. Certain options and awards granted under the 2009 Stock Plan and the 2009 Director Plan vest over shorter or longer periods.As of October31, 2015, and November1, 2014, approximately 634 millionand 552 millionshares, respectively, were authorized for future issuance under the Companys equity compensation plans, which include stock options, shares to be issued pursuant to the 2009 ESPP, RSUs, and other awards. A total of 368 millionshares and 300 millionshares of common stock were available for grant under the Companys equity compensation plans as of October31, 2015, and November1, 2014, respectively. Awards that expire, or are cancelled without delivery of shares, generally become available for issuance under the Companys equity compensation plans.Employee 401k PlanThe Company sponsors the Brocade Communications Systems, Inc. 401k Plan 401k Plan, which qualifies under Section401k of the Internal Revenue Code and is designed to provide retirement benefits for its eligible employees through tax-deferred salary deductions.Employees may elect to contribute up to 60%of their eligible compensation to the 401k Plan. Employee contributions are limited to a maximum annual amount as set periodically by the Internal Revenue Service IRS. The Company matches employee contributions dollar for dollar up to a maximum of $3,000per calendar year per person. All matching contributions vest immediately. The Companys matching contributions to the 401k Plan totaled $87 million, $82 million, and $92 millionfor the fiscal years ended October31, 2015,November1, 2014, and October26, 2013, respectively12. Stock-Based CompensationEquity Compensation Plan InformationThe following table summarizes information with respect to shares of the Companys common stock that may be issued under the Companys existing equity compensation plans as of October31, 2015in thousands, except per share amounts:Plan CategoryANumberofSecuritiesto Be IssuedUpon Exercise ofOutstandingOptions,Warrants and  Price ofOutstandingOptions,Warrants and  Availablefor Future IssuanceUnder EquityCompensation PlansExcludes  compensation plans approved by stockholders  compensation plans not approved by stockholders  consist of the 2009 ESPP, the 2009 and 1999 Director Plans, and the 2009 and 1999 Stock Plans2Consist solely of the 2013 Inducement Award Plan described in Note 11, Employee Compensation Plans, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements90Table of Contents3Amount excludes purchase rights accrued under the 2009 ESPP. As of October31, 2015, the 2009 ESPP had a stockholder-approved reserve of 650 millionshares, of which 105 millionshares were available for future issuance4All shares were granted in the first quarter of fiscal year 2013. Information relating to equity compensation plans is set forth in Note 11, Employee Compensation Plans, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements5Amount consists of 105 million, 10 million, and 253 millionshares available for future issuance under the 2009 ESPP, the 2009 Director Plan, and the 2009 Stock Plan, respectively.Stock-based compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, was included in the following line items of the Companys Consolidated Statements of Income as follows in thousands:Fiscal Year EndedOctober 31, 2015November 1, 2014October 26, 2013Cost of  and  and  and  stock-based compensation  following table presents stock-based compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, by grant type in thousands:Fiscal Year EndedOctober 31, 2015November 1, 2014October 26, 2013Stock  including restricted stock units with market  stock purchase plan ESPP17,11817,42720,515Total stock-based compensation  following table presents the unrecognized compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, of the Companys equity compensation plans as of October31, 2015, which is expected to be recognized over the following weighted-average periods in thousands, except for the weighted-average  yearsStock options$2,379111RSUs, including restricted stock units with market  accordance with the applicable accounting guidance for stock-based compensation, the compensation expense for stock-based awards is reduced by an estimate for forfeitures and is recognized over the requisite service period of the respective awards. To the extent that the actual forfeitures differ from the estimated forfeitures, the Company records the difference in the period that the awards vest. The Company estimates the forward-looking forfeiture rate, using the Companys historical forfeiture rates, annually during the second fiscal quarter, and whenever events occur or facts and circumstances indicate that the current forfeiture rate estimate is significantly different from historical forfeitures. Changes in the estimated forfeiture rates and differences between the estimated forfeiture rates and actual forfeiture rates may result in significant increases or decreases in stock-based compensation expense from period to period.Based on the results of the annual forfeiture rate analysis performed during the second fiscal quarter of 2015, the Company increased its expected forfeiture rate, which resulted in the Company recording a cumulative adjustment to stock-based compensation expense of $56 millionin fiscal year 2015.There was nosignificant impact related to the change in the estimated forfeiture rates in fiscal year 201491Table of ContentsStock OptionsThe fair value of each option granted during the respective period is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes valuation model and the assumptions noted in the following table. The dividend yield reflects the cash dividends paid by Brocade starting in the third quarter of fiscal year 2014. The risk-free interest rate is based on the implied yield on a U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issue with a remaining term equal to the expected term of the option. The expected volatility is based on an equal weighted-average of implied volatilities from traded options of the Companys common stock and historical volatility of the Companys common stock. The expected term is based on historical exercise behavior.Fiscal Year EndedOctober31, 2015November1, 2014October26, 2013Expected dividend yield13%00% - 15%00%Risk-free interest rate11 - 18%07 - 23%06 - 17%Expected volatility365%368 - 394%399 - 449%Expected term in years455057Compensation expense computed under the fair value method for stock options issued is being amortized under a graded vesting method over the options vesting period. A summary of stock option activity under the equity compensation plans for the fiscal years ended October31, 2015,November1, 2014, and October26, 2013, is presented as follows:SharesIn  PriceWeighted-AverageGrant Date Fair  TermIn  as of October 27,  or  as of October 26,  or  as of November 1,  or expired61$820Outstanding as of October 31,  and expected to vest as of October 31,  and vested as of October 31,  of ContentsRestricted Stock Units, Including Restricted Stock Units with Market ConditionsPrior to the initial declaration of a quarterly cash dividend on May22, 2014, the fair value of time-based RSUs was measured based on the grant-date share price because Brocade did not historically pay cash dividends on its common stock. For awards granted on or subsequent to May22, 2014, the fair value of time-based RSUs is measured based on the grant-date share price, less the present value of expected dividends during the vesting period, discounted at a risk-free interest rate. The fair value of MSUs is estimated using a lattice model that incorporates a Monte Carlo simulation. A summary of the changes in nonvested RSUs, including MSUs, under Brocades equity compensation plans during the fiscal years ended October31, 2015,November1, 2014, and October26, 2013, respectively, is presented as follows:SharesIn  as of October 27,  as of October 26,  as of November 1,  as of October 31, 201519,199$982Vested and expected to vest as of October 31, 201516,243$971A summary of the changes in nonvested MSUs included in the above summary of changes in nonvested RSUs under Brocades equity compensation plans during the fiscal year ended October31, 2015, is presented as follows:SharesIn  as of November 1,  as of October 31, 20151,936$965Vested and expected to vest as of October 31, 20151,258$925Typically, vesting of RSUs occurs over oneto four yearsand is subject to the employees continuing service to Brocade.The aggregate intrinsic value of nonvested RSUs at October31, 2015,November1, 2014, and October26, 2013, was $2001 million, $2039 million, and $1788 million, respectively.Employee Stock Purchase PlanUnder Brocades employee stock purchase plans, including the 2009 ESPP and the 1999 ESPP together, the Brocade ESPP, eligible employees can participate and purchase shares semiannually at the lower of 85%of the fair market value of the Companys common stock on ithe first trading day of the offering period, or iithe last day of each six-month purchase period. The Brocade ESPP permits eligible employees to purchase common stock through payroll deductions for up to 15%of qualified compensation. The Company accounts for the Brocade ESPP as a compensatory plan and compensation expense is being amortized under a graded vesting method over the 24-month offering period. In addition, the Company accounts for changes in percentage contribution elected by employees, as well as decreases in the Companys common stock price on the last day of each six-month purchase period as compared to the common stock price on the first trading day of the offering period, by applying modification accounting which results in an increase in compensation expense during the period of modification93Table of ContentsThe fair value of the option component of Brocade ESPP shares was estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and the weighted-average assumptions noted in the following table:Fiscal Year EndedOctober31, 2015November1, 2014October26, 2013Expected dividend yield14%14%00%Risk-free interest rate03%02%02%Expected  term in years12131313. Stockholders EquityDividendsDuring the fiscal year ended October31, 2015, the Companys Board of Directors declared the following dividends in thousands, except per share amounts:Declaration DateDividend per ShareRecord DateTotal Amount PaidPayment DateNovember23, 2014$0035December10, 2014$15,106January2, 2015February16, 2015$0035March10, 2015$14,748April2, 2015May20, 2015$0045June10, 2015$18,965July2, 2015August18, 2015$0045September10, 2015$18,651October2, 2015Future dividends are subject to review and approval on a quarterly basis by the Companys Board of Directors.Convertible Note Hedge and Warrants Related to the Convertible Senior Unsecured NotesIn connection with the issuance of the 2020 Convertible Notes, the Company entered into convertible note hedge and warrant transactions with certain financial institutions with respect to its common stock. See Note 8, Borrowings, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion.Accumulated Other Comprehensive LossThe components of other comprehensive loss and related tax effects for the fiscal years ended October31, 2015, and November1, 2014, are as follows in thousands:Fiscal Year EndedOctober31, 2015November1, 2014Before-Tax AmountTax Expense BenefitNet-of-Tax AmountBefore-Tax AmountTax BenefitNet-of-Tax AmountUnrealized gains losses on cash flow hedges:Change in unrealized gains and losses, foreign exchange  gains and losses reclassified into earnings, foreign exchange contracts  unrealized gains losses on cash flow  currency translation  other comprehensive  Consolidated Statements of Income classification of amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss, see Note 10, Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements94Table of ContentsThe changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss by component, net of tax, for the fiscal years ended October31, 2015, and November1, 2014, are as follows in thousands:Fiscal Year EndedOctober31, 2015November1, 2014Losses on Cash Flow HedgesForeign Currency Translation AdjustmentsTotal Accumulated Other Comprehensive LossGains Losses on Cash Flow HedgesForeign Currency Translation AdjustmentsTotal Accumulated Other Comprehensive LossBeginning  in unrealized gains and  gains and losses reclassified into  current-period other comprehensive income   Other Income, NetOn May20, 2013, Brocade and A10 Networks, Inc. A10 reached an agreement to settle both the lawsuit that Brocade filed against A10, A10s founder, and other individuals in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California on August 4, 2010, and the lawsuit that A10 filed against Brocade on September 9, 2011, along with all related claims.Among other agreed upon terms, A10 has granted the Company a broad patent license and agreed to pay the Company $50 millionin cash and issued a $700 millionunsecured convertible promissory note payable to the Company, which bore interest at 8%per annum. A10 fully paid the unsecured convertible promissory note in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2013. A10 also has agreed not to use any of the versions of source code that were found to infringe any of Brocades copyrights, patents, or trade secrets, except as necessary to service prior versions of product already sold to and in the possession of A10s customers. In addition, the settlement provides certain mutual covenants not to sue for various periods of time and certain general releases.Based on the fair value of the consideration received as a result of this settlement, the Company recognized a gain of $768 millionin the third quarter of fiscal year 2013, which is reported within Other income, net in the Companys Consolidated Statements of Income for the fiscal year ended October26, 201395Table of Contents15. Income TaxesThe domestic and international components of income before income tax for the fiscal years ended October31, 2015,November1, 2014, and October26, 2013, are presented as follows in thousands:Fiscal Year EndedOctober31, 2015November1, 2014October26, 2013United  income tax expense benefit for the fiscal years ended October31, 2015,November1, 2014, and October26, 2013, consisted of the following in thousands:Fiscal Year EndedOctober31, 2015November1, 2014October26, 2013U.S. federal  U.S. federal taxes78,81794,73132,647State  state   non-U.S.  difference between the U.S. federal statutory tax rate and the Companys effective tax rate for fiscal years ended October31, 2015,November1, 2014, and October26, 2013, consisted of the following:Fiscal Year EndedOctober31, 2015November1, 2014October26, 2013U.S. federal statutory tax rate350%350%350%State taxes, net of federal tax benefit023141Foreign income taxed at other than  compensation expense192319Research and development  items030303Change in liabilities for uncertain tax positions050551Goodwill impairment charge83Audit settlement and reinstated tax credit0113Change in valuation  tax rate225%327%369%96Table of ContentsIn general, the Companys provision for income taxes differs from the tax computed at the U.S. federal statutory tax rate due to state taxes, non-U.S. operations being taxed at rates lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate, non-deductible stock-based compensation expense, and adjustments to unrecognized tax benefits. The non-U.S. operations primarily relate to our European and Asia Pacific subsidiaries.The effective tax rate in fiscal year 2015 was lower than the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 35%primarily due to the effects of earnings in foreign jurisdictions being taxed at rates lower than the U.S. federal statutory tax rate, a benefit from a qualified domestic manufacturing deduction, and a benefit from the federal research and development tax credit that was reinstated on December 19, 2014, and made retroactive for calendar year 2014.The effective tax rate in fiscal year 2014 was lower than the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 35%primarily due to the effects of earnings in foreign jurisdictions being taxed at rates lower than the U.S. federal statutory tax rate and a benefit from the release of tax reserves due to expired statutes of limitations. In addition, the effective tax rate for fiscal year 2014 was negatively impacted by a goodwill impairment charge of $834 million, which is nondeductible for tax purposes, and a lower benefit from the federal research and development tax credit which expired on December 31, 2013, and, therefore, was not applicable in calendar year 2014.The Companys effective tax rate for fiscal year 2015 is lower compared with fiscal years 2014 and 2013 primarily due to the negative impact of a goodwill impairment charge of $834 millionin fiscal year 2014, which is nondeductible for tax purposes, and a discrete charge of $782 millionto reduce previously recognized California deferred tax assets due to changes in California law resulting from the passage of Proposition 39 in fiscal year 2013, respectively.As of October31, 2015, U.S. federal income taxes and foreign withholding taxes were not provided for on an estimated cumulative total of $8738 millionof undistributed earnings of the Companys foreign subsidiaries. The Company intends to reinvest current and accumulated earnings of its foreign subsidiaries for expansion of its business operations outside the United States for an indefinite period of time. Our existing cash and cash equivalents totaled $1,4409 millionas of October31, 2015.Of this amount, approximately 61%was held by our foreign subsidiaries.If these earnings were distributed to the United States in the form of dividends or otherwise, or if the shares of the relevant foreign subsidiaries were sold or otherwise transferred, the Company could be subject to additional U.S.income taxes, net of foreign tax credits, and foreign withholding taxes. Determination of the amount of unrecognized deferred income tax liability related to these earnings is not practicable.The components of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities for the fiscal years ended October31, 2015, and November1, 2014, are presented as follows in thousands:October31, 2015November1, 2014Net operating loss  compensation expense19,86814,202Tax credit  and  deferred tax assets226,505209,665Valuation  deferred tax assets137,924126,176Acquired intangibles and goodwill18,15515,433Fixed  deferred tax  net deferred tax assets$55,464$66,144As of October31, 2015, the Company believes that sufficient positive evidence exists from historical operations and projections of taxable income in future years to conclude that it is more likely than not that the Company will realize its deferred tax assets except for California deferred tax assets and capital loss carryforwards. Accordingly, the Company applies a valuation allowance to the California deferred tax assets due to the change in California law that occurred in November 2012, and to capital loss carryforwards due to the limited carryforward periods of these tax assets97Table of ContentsAs of October31, 2015, the Company had federal net operating loss carryforwards of $909 million, California state net operating loss carryforwards of $497 millionand other significant state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $1353 million. Additionally, the Company had federal tax credit carryforwards of $1194 millionand state tax credit carryforwards of $1787 million. The federal net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards expire on various dates between fiscal year 2017 through 2034. The state net operating loss and credit carryforwards expire on various dates between fiscal year 2015 through 2032. The federal net operating loss carryforwards and federal tax credit carryforwards include excess tax deductions related to stock-based compensation. Under the current tax law, net operating loss and credit carryforwards available to offset future income in any given year may be limited by statute or upon the occurrence of certain events, including significant changes in ownership interests. As a result of the McDATA, Foundry, and other acquisitions, all of the tax attributes from these companies are subject to an annual limitation. The Company expects some of these tax attributes to expire due to the annual limitation.The Company applies a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of an income tax position taken or expected to be taken on a tax return. Recognition of a tax position is determined when it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation process. A tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50%likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority.A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of total gross unrecognized tax benefits, excluding accrued net interest and penalties, is as follows in thousands:October31, 2015November1, 2014Unrecognized tax benefits, beginning balance$119,615$112,479Gross increases for tax positions taken in prior periods7053,325Gross decreases for tax positions taken in prior periods6,8434,784Gross increases for tax positions taken in current period8,41815,426Changes due to settlements with taxing authoritiesReductions resulting from lapses of statutes of  tax benefits, ending balance$117,569$119,615As of October31, 2015, the Company had net unrecognized tax benefits of $790 million, all of which, if recognized, would result in a reduction of the Companys effective tax rate.The IRS and other tax authorities regularly examine the Companys income tax returns. In October 2014, the IRS issued a Revenue Agents Report related to its field examination of the Companys federal income tax returns for fiscal years 2009 and 2010. The IRS is contesting the Companys transfer pricing with its foreign subsidiaries. In November 2014, the Company filed a protest to challenge the proposed adjustment, and in March 2015, the issue was moved to the Office of Appeals. In addition, in October 2014, the Geneva Tax Administration issued its final assessments for fiscal years 2003 to 2012, disputing certain of the Companys transfer pricing arrangements. In November 2014, the Company filed a protest to challenge the final assessments. The Company believes that reserves for unrecognized tax benefits are adequate for all open tax years. The timing of income tax examinations, as well as the amounts and timing of related settlements, if any, are highly uncertain. Before the end of fiscal year 2016, it is reasonably possible that either certain audits will conclude or the statutes of limitations relating to certain income tax examination periods will expire, or both. After we reach settlement with the tax authorities, we expect to record a corresponding adjustment to our unrecognized tax benefits.Taking into consideration the inherent uncertainty as to settlement terms, the timing of payments, and the impact of such settlements on the uncertainty in income taxes, the Company estimates the range of potential decreases in underlying uncertainty in income tax is between $0and $40 millionin the next 12 months.The Company classifies interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. During the fiscal year ended October31, 2015, the Company recognized $02 millionof interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits. There was no material change in interest and penalties during the fiscal year ended November1, 2014. The total net accrued interest and penalties included in the Companys liability related to unrecognized tax benefits as of October31, 2015, and November1, 2014, was $25 millionand $23 million, respectively.Of the total tax benefits detriments resulting from the exercise of employee stock options and employee participation in the Companys equity compensation plans, the amounts recorded to stockholders equity were approximately $480 millionin fiscal year 2015, $599 millionin fiscal year 2014, and $15 millionin fiscal year 201398Table of Contents16. Segment InformationOperating segments are defined as components of an enterprise for which separate financial information is available that is evaluated regularly by the Chief Operating Decision Maker CODM, or decision-making group, in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. Financial decisions and the allocation of resources are based on the information from the Companys internal management reporting system. Currently, the Companys CODM is its Chief Executive Officer.Brocade is organized into three operating segments, each of which is an individually reportable segment: SAN Products, IP Networking Products, and Global Services. These reportable segments are organized principally by product category.The types of products and services from which each reportable segment derives its revenues are as follows:SAN Products include infrastructure products and solutions that help customers develop and deploy storage and server consolidation, disaster recovery, and data security, as well as meet compliance requirements regarding data management. These products are used to build storage area networks and are generally used in conjunction with servers and storage subsystems, SAN interconnection components, and server and storage management software applications and tools. Brocades family of Fibre Channel FC SAN backbones, directors, and fabric/embedded switches provide interconnection, bandwidth, and high-speed switching between servers and storage devices. Switches and directors support key applications such as data backup, remote mirroring, and high-availability clustering, as well as high-volume transaction processing applications such as enterprise resource planning and data warehousing. Additionally, Brocade offers a variety of FC fabric extension, switching, and routing solutions;IP Networking Products include Layer 2 and Layer 3 Ethernet switches and routers that are designed to connect users over private and public networks, including local area, metro, and within and across global data centers. Brocade also offers converged network products, and a portfolio of related software and hardware-based data networking offerings. Additionally, the Company offers Layer 4-7 platforms that are designed for application traffic management and server load balancing; andGlobal Services include break/fix maintenance, installation, consulting, network management and software maintenance, and post-contract customer support revenue.At this time, the Company does not track its operating expenses by operating segments because management does not consider this information in its measurement of the performance of the operating segments. The Company also does not track all of its assets by operating segments. The majority of the Companys assets as of October31, 2015,and November1, 2014, were attributable to its U.S. operations.Summarized financial information by reportable segment for the fiscal years ended October31, 2015,November1, 2014, and October26, 2013, based on the internal management reporting system, is as follows in thousands:SAN ProductsIP Networking  year ended October 31, 2015Net  of   year ended November 1, 2014Net  of   year ended October 26, 2013Net  of   of ContentsRevenues are attributed to geographic areas based on where the Companys products are shipped. Geographic revenue and property and equipment information for the fiscal years ended October31, 2015,November1, 2014, and October26, 2013is presented below in thousands:Fiscal Year EndedOctober31, 2015November1, 2014October26, 2013Net revenues:United  the Middle East and Africa 1610,133598,196552,734Asia  Central and South  international net  net  net revenues of $4000 million, $3852 million, and $3391 millionfor the fiscal years ended October31, 2015,November1, 2014, and October26, 2013, respectively, relating to the Netherlands.Fiscal Year EndedOctober31, 2015November1, 2014October26, 2013Property and equipment, net:United  and equipment,  Net Income per ShareThe following table presents the calculation of basic and diluted net income per share in thousands, except per share amounts:Fiscal Year EndedOctober31, 2015November1, 2014October26, 2013Basic net income per shareNet  shares used in computing basic net income per  net income per share$081$055$046Diluted net income per shareNet  shares used in computing basic net income per  potential common shares in the form of stock  potential common shares in the form of other share-based  shares used in computing diluted net income per  net income per  potential common shares in the form of: 1Warrants issued in conjunction with the 2020 Convertible Notes 228,880Stock options9771,72511,868Other share-based awards1428931671These amounts are excluded from the computation of diluted net income per share100Table of Contents2In connection with the issuance of the 2020 Convertible Notes, the Company entered into convertible note hedge and warrant transactions as described in Note 8, Borrowings. The 2020 Convertible Notes have no impact on diluted earnings per share until the average quarterly price of the Companys common stock exceeds the adjusted conversion price of $1590per share. If the common stock price exceeds this adjusted conversion price, prior to conversion, the Company will calculate the effect of the additional shares that may be issued using the treasury stock method. If the average price of the Companys common stock exceeds $2061per share for a quarterly period, the Companys weighted-average shares used in computing diluted net income per share will be impacted by the effect of the additional potential shares that may be issued related to the warrants using the treasury stock method. The convertible note hedge is not considered for purposes of the diluted earnings per share calculation, as its effect would be antidilutive18. Guarantor and Non-Guarantor SubsidiariesOnJanuary 20, 2010, the Company issued$3000 millionin aggregate principal amount of the 6625% senior secured notes due 2018 the 2018 Notes and$3000 millionin aggregate principal amount of the 2020 Notes together with the 2018 Notes, the Senior Secured Notes pursuant to separate indentures between the Company, certain domestic subsidiaries of the Company, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as the trustee the 2020 Indenture and 2018 Indenture, respectively. In addition, on January 22, 2013, the Company issued$3000 millionin aggregate principal amount of the 2023 Notes. The Companys obligations under the Senior Secured Notes and the 2023 Notes were previously guaranteed by certain of the Companys domestic subsidiaries the Subsidiary Guarantors. Each of the Subsidiary Guarantors was 100% owned by the Company and all guarantees were joint and several. Neither the Senior Secured Notes nor the 2023 Notes were guaranteed by certain of the Companys domestic subsidiaries or any of the Companys foreign subsidiaries the Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries.The Company determined that the circumstances under which the subsidiary guarantees may be released were customary under applicable SEC guidance, and, as such, the Company previously provided consolidated financial statements in reliance on Item 3-10 of Regulation S-X.The guarantees of the 2018 Notes and 2020 Notes were released on January 22, 2013, and January 14, 2015, respectively, upon the discharge of the 2018 Indenture and 2020 Indenture. The guarantees of the 2023 Notes were released on January 14, 2015, upon termination of the Senior Secured Credit Facility and discharge of the 2020 Indenture.As a result, all guarantees were released prior to January 31, 2015, and the Company ceased presenting condensed consolidated financial statements for the parent company, the former Subsidiary Guarantors, and Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries effective in the first fiscal quarter of 2015101Table of ContentsBROCADE COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS, INC.QUARTERLY SUMMARYUnauditedThree Months EndedOctober31, 2015August1, 2015May2, 2015January31, 2015November1, 2014August2, 2014May 3, 2014 1January25, 2014In thousands, except per share and stock price amountsQuarterly Data:Net   from  income  share  used in computingper share  stock sale  quarter ended May 3, 2014, includes the impact of an $834 millionimpairment of goodwill in the Companys Application Delivery Products reporting unit102Table of ContentsItem 1.Business4Item! 1A.Risk Factors12Item 1B.Unresolved Staff Comments26Item 2.Properties26Item 3.Legal Proceedings26Item! 4.Mine Safety Disclosures26PARTIIItem 5.Controls and ProceduresEvaluation of Disclosure Controls and ProceduresUnder the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules13a-15e and 15d-15e under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended the Act, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form10-K the Evaluation Date.The purpose of this evaluation is to determine if, as of the Evaluation Date, our disclosure controls and procedures are effective such that the information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Act iis recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and iiis accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the Evaluation Date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective.Changes in Internal Control over Financial ReportingThere were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15f and 15d-15f under the Act, that occurred during the quarter ended October31, 2015, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.Managements Report on Internal Control over Financial ReportingThe management of Brocade Communications Systems, Inc. is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule13a-15f or 15d-15f of the Act, which has historically been based on the framework set forth in the Internal ControlIntegrated Framework 1992issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations COSO of the Treadway Commission. In May 2013, COSO issued an updated framework the 2013 COSO Framework. We have integrated the changes prescribed by the 2013 COSO Framework into our internal controls over financial reporting during fiscal year 2015. The Companys internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Companys principal executive and principal financial officers, and effected by the Companys Board of Directors, management, and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that:pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company;provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company;andprovide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Companys assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.Our management assessed the effectiveness of the Companys internal control over financial reporting as of October31, 2015, utilizing the criteria set forth by the COSO of the Treadway Commission in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework 2013. Based on our managements assessment, we believe that, as of October31, 2015, our internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of October31, 2015, has been audited by KPMG LLP, Brocades independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form10-K103Table of ContentsOur management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and implemented, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control systems objectives will be met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues within a company are detected. The inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple errors or mistakes. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and may not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate104Table of ContentsReport of Independent Registered Public Accounting FirmThe Board of Directors and StockholdersBrocade Communications Systems, Inc.:We have audited Brocade Communications Systems, Inc. and subsidiaries the Company internal control over financial reporting as of October31, 2015, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework 2013issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO. The Companys management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Managements Report on Internal Control over Financial Reportingappearing in Item9A. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Companys internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control, based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.A companys internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A companys internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that 1pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 2provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 3provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the companys assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of October31, 2015, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework 2013issued by COSO.We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the consolidated balance sheets of Brocade Communications Systems, Inc. and subsidiaries as of October31, 2015, and November1, 2014, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, cash flows, and stockholders equity for each of the years in the three-year period ended October31, 2015, and the accompanying financial statement schedule. Our report, dated December22, 2015, expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements and the related financial statement schedule./s/KPMG LLPSanta Clara, CaliforniaDecember22, 2015105Table of Contents