ITEM 8. FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
Our Consolidated Financial
Statements appear following  of this Report.
Supplementary
Data - Quarterly Financial Information
The
following table sets forth quarterly unaudited financial data for the quarters
of the years ended December31, 2005 and 2004 in thousands, except per
share data 
Quarters
1st
2nd
3rd
4th
Year ended December31,
2005
Revenues from
continuing operations
$
31,461
$
31,635
$
32,016
$
35,684
Net income
3,250
2,904
3,087
1,707
Net income per
shareDiluted1
$
017
$
015
$
016
$
009
Year
ended December31, 2004
Revenues from
continuing operations
$
26,012
$
34,908
$
35,694
$
28,806
Income from
continuing operations
2,001
2,983
2,161
1,918
Income loss
from discontinued operations2
264
1,008
77
Net income
1,737
3,991
2,084
1,918
Net income per
shareDiluted1
$
010
$
022
$
011
$
010
1 The sum of the quarters
may not equal the total of the respective years net income per share on a
diluted basis due to changes in the weighted average shares outstanding
throughout the year.
2 Discontinued operations
relates entirely to the sale of our infrastructure business. See Note 14 of the
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 31 Item 1.
Business
1
Item
1A.
Risk
Factors
6
Item 1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments
15
Item 2.
Properties
15
Item
3.
Legal
Proceedings
15
Item 4.
Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
15
PARTII
Item 5. CONTROLS
AND PROCEDURES
Conclusion
Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Under the supervision and
with the participation of our management, including our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the
effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and
procedures, as defined in Rules13a-15eand 15d-15eof
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Based on their evaluation as of December31,
2005, the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on 10-K, our
principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our
disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance
level to ensure that the information required to be disclosed in reports filed
or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including this Annual
Report, were recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time
periods specified in the SECs rulesand forms, and was accumulated and
communicated to management, including our principal executive officer and
principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure.
Managements
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
a Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over
financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles and includes those policies and procedures that Pertain
to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company Provide
reasonable assurance that the transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors
of the company; and
Provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use or disposition of the companys assets that could have a
material effect on the financial statements.
All internal control systems, no matter how well designed,
have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be
effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial
statement preparation and presentation. Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods
are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures
may deteriorate.
Our management assessed the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2005. In
making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework. 32 Based on our
assessment, management believes that, as of December31, 2005, EPIQs
internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria.
b Our
managements assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting as of December31, 2005 has been audited by Deloitte
Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in
their report which appears on page34.
Management has
excluded Hilsoft,Inc., nMatrix,Inc., nMatrix Australia Pty. Ltd.,
and nMatrix Ltd. from our assessment of internal control over financial
reporting as of December31, 2005 because we completed the acquisition of
these entities during 2005. Hilsoft,Inc., nMatrix,Inc., nMatrix
Australia Pty. Ltd., and nMatrix Ltd. are wholly-owned subsidiaries all of
which were acquired during the fourth quarter of the year ended December31,
2005 and whose financial
statements, exclusive of goodwill, certain identifiable intangible assets,
consisting of customer relationships, covenants not to compete, and trade
names, and intercompany amounts all of which are subject to corporate level
controls, constitute 10% and 6% of net and total assets, respectively, 3% of
revenues and 8% of net income of the consolidated financial statement amounts
as of and for the year ended December31, 2005. Our conclusion in
this Annual Report on Form10-K regarding the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2005 does not
include the internal control over financial reporting of Hilsoft,Inc.,
nMatrix,Inc., nMatrix Australia Pty. Ltd., and nMatrix Ltd.
c There have
been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting during our
fourth quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 33 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM
To the Board of Directors
and Shareholders
EPIQ Systems,Inc.
Kansas City, Kansas
We have audited managements assessment, included as
section ain the accompanying Managements Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A of this Annual Report on Form10-K,
that EPIQ Systems,Inc. and subsidiaries the Company maintained
effective internal control over financial reporting as of December31,
2005, based on criteria established in
Internal ControlIntegrated Framework
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
COSO. As described in Managements Report on Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting, management excluded from their assessment the internal
control over financial reporting at Hilsoft,Inc., nMatrix,Inc.,
nMatrix Australia Pty. Ltd., and nMatrix Ltd., all of which were acquired
during the fourth quarter of the year ended December31, 2005, and whose
financial statements, exclusive of goodwill, certain identifiable assets,
consisting of customer relationships, covenants not to compete, and trade
names, and intercompany amounts all of which are subject to corporate level
controls, constitute 10% and 6% of net and total assets, respectively, 3% of
revenues and 8% of net income of the consolidated financial statement amounts
as of and for the year ended December31, 2005. Accordingly, our audit did
not include the internal control over financial reporting at Hilsoft,Inc.,
nMatrix,Inc., nMatrix Australia Pty. Ltd., and nMatrix Ltd. The Companys
management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over
financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal
control over financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on managements assessment and an opinion on the effectiveness of the Companys
internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was
maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting, evaluating
managements assessment, testing and evaluating the design and operating
effectiveness of internal control, and performing such other procedures as we
considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a
reasonable basis for our opinions.
A companys internal control over financial reporting
is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the companys principal
executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar
functions, and effected by the companys board of directors, management, and
other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A companys
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and
procedures that 1pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
assets of the company; 2provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with
authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 3provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the companys assets that could have a
material effect on the financial statements.
Because of the inherent limitations of internal
control over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or
improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error
or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Also, projections
of any evaluation of  34 effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or
procedures may deteriorate.
In our opinion, managements assessment that the
Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December31,
2005, is fairly stated, in all material respects, based on criteria established in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework issued
by the COSO. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all
material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December31,
2005, based on criteria established in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework issued
by the COSO.
We have also audited, in
accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
United States, the consolidated financial statements and consolidated
financial statement schedule as of and for the year ended December31,
2005 of the Company and our report dated March7, 2006 expressed an
unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements and the
consolidated financial statement schedule.
DELOITTE
TOUCHE LLP
Kansas City, Missouri
March7, 2006 35 Item 1.
Business
1
Item
1A.
Risk
Factors
6
Item 1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments
15
Item 2.
Properties
15
Item
3.
Legal
Proceedings
15
Item 4.
Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
15
PARTII
Item 5. DIRECTORS
AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
Incorporated by reference
to our Proxy Statement for our 2006 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the close of
the year ended December31, 2005.
