Item8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data Our consolidated financial statements, including the reports thereon, the notes thereto and
supplementary data begin at page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are incorporated herein by reference. Item1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
None. Item2. Controls and Procedures 
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified under SECs rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive
Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO. Notwithstanding the foregoing, there can be no assurance that the Companys disclosure controls and procedures will detect or uncover all failures of persons within the
Company and its consolidated subsidiaries to report material information otherwise required to be set forth in the Companys reports. 
28 Index to Financial Statements
In connection with the preparation of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company carried
out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of the Companys management, including the CEO and CFO, as of September30, 2010 of the effectiveness of the Companys disclosure controls and procedures, as such term
is defined in Rules 13a-15e and 15d-15e under the Exchange Act. Based on that evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of September30, 2010. 
Managements Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15f and 15d-15f under the Exchange Act. Because of its
inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of
changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Our management
assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September30, 2010. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in
Internal Control Integrated Framework. Based on this assessment, our management concluded that, as of September30, 2010, our internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria. 
Our internal control over financial reporting as of September30, 2010 has been audited by UHY LLP, an independent registered public
accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
There were no changes in the Companys internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Companys fiscal
quarter ending September30, 2010 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Companys internal control over financial reporting. Item9B. Other Information None. 
29 Index to Financial Statements
PART III 