ITEM8.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA  The information called for by this item is set forth on pages 18 through 31 of the Annual Report to Stockholders for the year ended December 31, 2003, which is
incorporated herein.  ITEM9.
CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE  On September 5, 2003, the Company notified PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP that it was being dismissed as its independent accountants. In
connection with its audits for the two most recent fiscal years and through September 5, 2003, there were no disagreements with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or
auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements if not resolved to the satisfaction of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP would have caused them to make reference thereto in their reports on the financial statements for such years.  Effective on September 5, 2003, the Company engaged Schneider Downs Co., Inc. as its
new independent accountants. Prior to its appointment as independent accountants, Schneider Downs Co., Inc. had not been consulted by the Company on any of the matters referenced in Regulation S-K Item1. Business
1
Item2. Properties
10
Item3. Legal Proceedings
10
Item4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
11 PART II Item5.
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  The Companys management performed an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Companys disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation, the
Companys President and Chief Executive Officer and the Vice President of Finance, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer concluded that, as of the end of the fiscal year covered by this annual report, the Companys disclosure controls and
procedures are effective in the timely identification of material information required to be included in the Companys periodic filings with the SEC. During the year ended December 31, 2003, there have been no changes in the Companys
internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation thereof, which have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Companys internal control over financial reporting. 
14 Table of Contents
PART III  