ITEM 8.FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA  Certain information required by this Item is included in Item 6 of Part II of this Report and is incorporated herein by
reference. All other information required by this Item is included in  of this Report and is incorporated herein by reference.  Item 9.CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
None.  Item 9A.CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  Disclosure Controls and Procedures  We maintain disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Securities Exchange Act of 1934 the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15e and
15d-15e that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commissions rules
and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and
evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control 
43  
objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible disclosure controls and
procedures.  As of the end of the period covered by this
report, our management carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and
procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-15e and 15d-15e. Based upon, and as of the date of this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not
effective at the reasonable assurance level because of the material weakness discussed below. Due to the material weakness described below, the Company performed additional analyses and other post-closing procedures to ensure that the consolidated
financial statements were prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly present in all material respects our
financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented.  Status of Managements Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  Pursuant to Securities and Exchange Commission Release No. 34-50754, which, subject to certain conditions, provides up to 45 additional days beyond the
due date of this Form 10-K for the filing of managements annual report on internal control over financial reporting required by Item 9.CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
None.  Item 9Ab of Regulation S-K, managements report on internal control over financial reporting and the associated report on the audit of managements assessment of the effectiveness of the
companys internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2004, are not filed herein and are expected to be filed in April 2005.  Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Rule
13a-15f of the Exchange Act, as amended. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to
the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with policies and procedures may deteriorate.  Management, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, is conducting an evaluation of
the effectiveness of the design and operation of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2004. In making its assessment, management is using the criteria contained in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In connection with this evaluation, management informed our Audit Committee of a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, which is described below.
A material weakness is a control deficiency, or combination of
control deficiencies, that results in more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected.  At December 31, 2004, we did not maintain effective controls over the accounting for foreign currency transactions.
Specifically, we did not perform adequate analysis and review of the appropriateness of foreign currency transactions reported in the consolidated financial statements. Consequently, the Companys controls failed to identify the improper
classification of certain transactions related to our Swedish subsidiary. This control deficiency resulted in the restatement of the Companys consolidated financial statements for the quarters ended March 31, 2004 and June 30, 2004.
Additionally, this control deficiency could result in a misstatement to other income that would result in a material misstatement of annual or interim financial statements that would not be prevented or detected. Accordingly, management determined
that this control deficiency constitutes a material weakness. The existence of one or more material weaknesses as of December 31, 2004 would preclude a conclusion that the Companys internal control over financial reporting was effective as of
that date. Upon 
44  
completion of our assessment, management expects to conclude that the Company did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2004, based on criteria in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework.  Managements evaluation of its internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2004 is not complete. Further, upon completion of our ongoing evaluation of internal control over financial reporting we
may identify additional control deficiencies, and those deficiencies, alone or in combination with others, may be considered additional material weaknesses.  We also expect that the report of our independent registered public accounting firm will contain an adverse opinion on the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2004.  Remediation of
the Material Weakness  To remediate the material weakness
described above 1 management intends to increase staffing in our finance department in 2005 by approximately 50%, 2 management has implemented an internal control that requires our finance group to complete a top down review of the
reasonableness of foreign currency transactions on a monthly basis and 3 our Swedish subsidiary will maintain its original accounting records in US Dollars, rather than in Swedish Krona, beginning in 2005. Management believes that these planned
changes will be sufficient to correct the internal control design deficiency underlying the material weakness described above.  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  Except as otherwise discussed herein, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during our fourth fiscal quarter ended
December 31, 2004 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
45  PART III 
