ITEM 8FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
The financial statements and supplementary data listed in a1 hereof are incorporated herein by reference and are filed as part of this Annual Report on
Form10-K beginning on page F-1. 
Item 1.
Business
2 Item 2.
Properties
19 Item 3.
Legal Proceedings
19 Item 4.
Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
20 PART II Item 5ONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our periodic reports filed or submitted under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the required time periods. 
As
of December31, 2004, the Company carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer of
the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that such disclosure controls and procedures,
as defined in Exchange Act Rules13a15e and 15d15e, are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms. The Company reviews its disclosure controls
and procedures on an ongoing basis and may from time to time make changes aimed at enhancing their effectiveness and to ensure that they evolve with the Company business. Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting of the Company, as defined in Exchange Act
Rules13a15f. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
The
Company internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that ipertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail,
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; iiprovide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation
of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance
with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and iiiprovide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition
of the Company assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
39  Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria established in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
the Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December31, 2004. Our management assessment
of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2004 has been audited by Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm,
as stated in their report which is included herein. 
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of
Power-One,Inc.: 
We
have audited management assessment, included in the accompanying Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, that Power-One,Inc. and
subsidiaries the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2004, based on the criteria established in Internal
ControlIntegrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The Company management is responsible for maintaining
effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
management assessment and an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 
We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting, evaluating management assessment, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control, and performing such other procedures as we considered
necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
A
company internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the company principal executive and principal financial officers, or
persons performing similar functions, and effected by the company board of directors, management, and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company internal control over financial reporting includes those
policies and procedures that 1pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company;
2provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that
receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and
3provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company assets that could have a material effect on the
financial statements. 
Because
of the inherent limitations of internal control over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material
misstatements due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting to
future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
40  In
our opinion, management assessment that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2004, is fairly stated, in all material
respects, based on the criteria established in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
the Treadway Commission. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2004, based on the
criteria established in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission. 
We
have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the consolidated financial statements and financial statement
schedule as of and for the year ended December31, 2004 of the Company and our report dated March11, 2005 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements and the
financial statement schedule. 
Deloitte
Touche LLP
Los Angeles, California
March11, 2005 
Changes In Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
There have been no significant changes in the Company internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Exchange Act Rules13a-15, during the
fourth fiscal quarter of 2004 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
Item 1.
Business
2 Item 2.
Properties
19 Item 3.
Legal Proceedings
19 Item 4.
Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
20 PART II Item 5IRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY 
The information relating to our directors and nominees required by this item will be contained under the caption Proposal 2: Election of Directors in our
definitive Proxy Statements related to our Annual Meeting of Stockholders for Fiscal Year 2004, to be held on May3, 2005, and such information is incorporated herein by reference. 
The
information relating to our executive officers required by this item is included herein in PartI, Item 1under the caption Executive Officers of the Registrants, and such
information is incorporated by reference into this section. 
The
information required pursuant to Item 405 of RegulationS-K will be contained under the caption Section16a Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance in
our Proxy Statement related to our Annual Meeting of Stockholders for Fiscal Year 2004, to be held on May3, 2005, and such information is incorporated herein by reference. 
The
information required pursuant to Item 406 of RegulationS-K is presented below. 
We
adopted a code of ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, and all associated principal corporate and
divisional/business unit financial managers. This code of ethics is posted in the Governance section within the Investor Relations pages of our Website. The Internet address for our Website is www.power-one.com. 
We
intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 10 of Form8-K regarding an amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of this code of ethics by posting such
information on our website, within the Governance section of our website per the address specified above. 
