ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA  Except for the report of the Companys independent auditors, which is set forth below, the consolidated financial statements and notes appear on pages 31 through 47. Quarterly financial data appears in Item 6.
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS REPORT  Featherlite,
Inc.  We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of
Featherlite, Inc. a Minnesota Corporation and Subsidiaries the Company as of December 31, 2003 and 2002 and the related consolidated statement of operations, shareholders investment and comprehensive income loss, and cash flows for the
years then ended. Our audits also included the 2003 and 2002 financial statement schedules listed in . These consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedules are the responsibility of the Companys management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. The consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule for the year ended December 31, 2001, were audited by other auditors who
have ceased operations. Those auditors expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements and included an explanatory paragraph regarding certain matters raising substantial doubt as to the Companys ability to continue
as a going concern as discussed in Note 2 to the 2001 consolidated financial statements. Those auditors also expressed an unqualified opinion that such 2001 financial statement schedule taken as a whole presented fairly, in all material respects,
the information set forth therein in their reports dated February 19, 2002.  We
conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the 2003 and 2002 consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  In our opinion, the 2003 and 2002 consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2003 and 2002, and the results of its operations and cash flows for the years then ended are in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. Also, in our opinion, the financial statement schedules, when considered in relation to the 2003 and 2002 basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly in all material respects the information set forth
therein.  DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP  Minneapolis, Minnesota April 14, 2004 
26 Table of Contents
THIS IS A COPY OF A REPORT PREVIOUSLY ISSUED BY ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP. THIS REPORT HAS NOT BEEN REISSUED BY ARTHUR
ANDERSEN LLP, NOR HAS ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP PROVIDED A CONSENT TO THE INCLUSION OF ITS REPORT IN THIS ANNUAL REPORT.  REPORT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS  To Featherlite, Inc.  We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Featherlite, Inc. a Minnesota corporation and subsidiary as of December 31, 2001 and the related consolidated statements of operations,
shareholders investment and cash flows for the year then ended. These consolidated financial statements and the schedule referred to below are the responsibility of the Companys management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
these consolidated financial statements based on our audits  We conducted our
audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.
An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Featherlite, Inc. and Subsidiary as of
December 31, 2001, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.  The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As
discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company is unable to ascertain whether it will have sufficient liquidity available under its existing lines of credit to fund operations or whether the Company will meet various
covenant requirements contained in its revolving loan and security agreement. These matters raise substantial doubt about the Companys ability to continue as a going concern. Managements plans in regard to these matters are also
described in Note 2. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.  Our audit was made for the purpose of forming an opinion on the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole. The schedule listed in the index to consolidated
financial statements is presented for purposes of complying with the Securities and Exchange Commissions rules and is not part of the basic financial statements. The information in this schedule has been subjected to the auditing procedures
applied in our audit of the basic consolidated financial statements and, in our opinion, the information is fairly stated in all material respects in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole.  ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP  Minneapolis, Minnesota February 19, 2002
