ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA  The information required by this item is contained in the financial statements listed in  a under the caption Consolidated Financial Statements and commencing on page F-1 of
this Report. 
38 Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
Item 1 - Business
2 
Item 2 - Properties
25 
Item 3 - Legal Proceedings
25 
Item 4 - Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
25 
PART II  
Item 5. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  a Disclosure Controls and Procedures  We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed,
summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SECs rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as
appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls
and procedures as of the end of our most recent fiscal year. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2004, due to
the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting discussed below under the heading Design and Evaluation of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. In light of the material weakness in our internal control over
financial reporting discussed below, we performed additional analysis and other post-closing procedures to ensure our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, we believe
that the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly present in all material respects our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented.  b Design and Evaluation of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Managements Report on Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting  Management is
responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rules 13a-15f and 15d-15f promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that:
pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets;
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and  
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material
effect on the financial statements.  Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  Our management with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, has assessed the effectiveness
of the our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2004. In 
39 Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
making its assessment of internal control over financial reporting, management used the criteria
described in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO.  A material weakness is a control deficiency, or combination of control deficiencies, that results in more than a remote
likelihood that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected. As of December 31, 2004, we did not maintain effective controls over the valuation and completeness of revenue related to
software service advisor agreements. Specifically, we did not have adequate management review in place to ensure all terms within a software service advisor agreement were recorded in the correct accounting period. A software advisor agreement is a
contract between us and one of our vendors under which we receive a fee when a customer enters into a contract with the vendor to license software and designates us as an advisor to the customer for pre-sale and post-sale services. We recognized the
fees as revenue at the time the customer entered into the agreement with the vendor rather than deferring the revenue over a period that we were required to provide post-sale services. This control deficiency resulted in an audit adjustment to our
2004 consolidated financial statements and could result in a misstatement to revenues that would result in a material misstatement to the annual and interim financial statements that would not be prevented or detected. Accordingly, management has
determined that this deficiency constitutes a material weakness. Because of this material weakness, management has concluded that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2004, based on the criteria
in Internal Control Integrated Framework, issued by COSO.  Our independent registered public accounting firm, who audited the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, has issued an attestation report, appearing on page F-2 of this Annual Report, on
our assessment of our internal control over financial reporting.  c Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  No change in our internal control over financial reporting occurred during the fourth quarter of 2004 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. However, subsequent to December 31, 2004, in response to the material weakness in internal control over financial reporting described above under the heading Design and Evaluation of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting,
we have revised certain of our policies, procedures and processes in order to improve our internal controls related to software service advisor agreement transactions and the timing of revenue recognition for those transactions. Total revenue
recognized in 2004 for software service advisor agreement transactions was $131,000. Deferred revenue related to these transactions at December 31, 2004 was $282,000. We believe that the actions we have taken to improve our internal controls related
to software service advisor transactions have remediated the material weakness related to those transactions. However, there can be no assurance that our remediation efforts will be effective.  
Item 1 - Business
2 
Item 2 - Properties
25 
Item 3 - Legal Proceedings
25 
Item 4 - Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
25 
PART II  
Item 5. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT  Information regarding our board of directors, audit committee, audit committee financial expert and code of ethics is set forth under the caption Election of Directors, in our
definitive Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with our 2005 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and such information is incorporated herein by reference. Information regarding Section 16a beneficial ownership compliance is set forth under the
caption Executive CompensationCompliance with Section 16a of the Securities and Exchange Act in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with our 2005 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and such information is
incorporated herein by reference.  A list of
our executive officers is included in Part I, Item 1 of this annual report under the caption Executive Officers.  We have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics that applies to all of our directors, officers and employees, including our
principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. 
40 Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
Our code of business conduct and ethics is posted in the investor relations section of our
website at www.pcmall.com. Any amendments to, or waivers from, a provision of our code of business conduct and ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal financial officer or controller, or persons
performing similar functions will be posted in the investor relations section of our website.  
