Item 8.Financial Statements and Supplementary DataNuance Communications, Inc. Consolidated Financial StatementsNUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTSPageReports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm50Consolidated Statements of Operations52Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss53Consolidated Balance Sheets54Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity55Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows56Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements5749Table of ContentsREPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRMBoard of Directors and StockholdersNuance Communications, Inc.Burlington, MassachusettsWe have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Nuance Communications, Inc. as of September30, 2016and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September30, 2016. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Companys management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Nuance Communications, Inc. at September30, 2016and 2015, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September30, 2016, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.As discussed in Notes 2and 18to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has elected to change its method to present deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities, and any related valuation allowances, as noncurrent on its consolidated balance sheet as of September30, 2016and 2015due to the early adoption of Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2015-17, Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes.As discussed in Notes 2and 14to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has elected to change its method of recognizing the amount paid to repurchase common shares in excess of the par value on its consolidated balance sheet as of September30, 2016and 2015. Historically the Company allocated any excess of cost over par value between accumulated deficit and additional paid-in capital. Under the new method of accounting, the Company recognize any excess of cost over par value in additional paid-in capital. The resulting reclassification is not considered material as there is no impact to total shareholders equity and only represents a reclassification between individual equity line items.As discussed in Notes 2and 9to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has elected to change its method to present deferred debt issuance costs as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability on its consolidated balance sheet as of September30, 2016and 2015due to the early adoption of Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2015-03, Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs.We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, Nuance Communications, Inc.s internal control over financial reporting as of September30, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework2013 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO, and our report dated November22, 2016expressed an unqualified opinion thereon./s/BDO USA, LLPBDO USA, LLPBoston, MassachusettsNovember22, 201650Table of ContentsREPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRMBoard of Directors and StockholdersNuance Communications, Inc.Burlington, MassachusettsWe have audited Nuance Communications, Inc.s internal control over financial reporting as of September30, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework2013issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission the COSO criteria. Nuance Communications, Inc.s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Item 9A, Managements Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Companys internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. A companys internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A companys internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that 1 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 2 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 3 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the companys assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. As indicated in the accompanying Item 9A, Managements Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, managements assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting did not include the internal controls of TouchCommerce, Inc., which was acquired on August 16, 2016, and which is included in the consolidated balance sheets of Nuance Communications, Inc. as of September 30, 2016, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year then ended. TouchCommerce, Inc. constituted 03%and 04%of total assets and net assets, respectively, as of September 30, 2016, and 03%and 217%of revenues and net loss, respectively, for the year then ended. Management did not assess the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of TouchCommerce, Inc. because of the timing of the acquisition which was completed on August 16, 2016. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of Nuance Communications, Inc. also did not include an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of TouchCommerce, Inc.In our opinion, Nuance Communications, Inc. maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September30, 2016, based on the COSO criteria.We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the consolidated balance sheets of Nuance Communications, Inc. as of September30, 2016and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September30, 2016and our report dated November22, 2016expressed an unqualified opinion thereon./s/BDO USA, LLPBDO USA, LLPBoston, MassachusettsNovember22, 201651Table of ContentsNUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS Year Ended September30,201620152014In thousands, except per share amountsRevenues:Product and  services and  and   of revenues:Product and  services and  and  of intangible assets62,87663,64660,989Total cost of   expenses:Research and  and  and  of intangible  costs,  and other charges, net25,22423,66919,443Total operating  loss from  income expense:Interest income4,4382,6352,345Interest  expense,  loss before income  benefit for income taxes14,19734,5384,677Net  loss per  average common shares  accompanying notes52Table of ContentsNUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSSYear Ended September30,201620152014In thousandsNet  comprehensive income loss:Foreign currency translation   gain loss on marketable securities13145Total other comprehensive income loss,   accompanying notes. 53Table of ContentsNUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS September30, 2016September30, 2015In thousands, exceptper share amountsASSETSCurrent assets:Cash and cash   receivable, less allowances for doubtful accounts of $11,038 and $9,184380,004373,162Prepaid expenses and other current assets78,12676,777Total current  securities27,63232,099Land, building and equipment,  assets, net762,220796,285Other assets138,980132,559Total  AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITYCurrent liabilities:Current portion of long-term debt$$4,834Contingent and deferred acquisition payments9,46815,651Accounts payable94,59956,581Accrued expenses and other current  revenue349,173324,709Total current  portion of  revenue, net of current portion386,960343,452Deferred tax  liabilities103,69468,960Total  and contingencies Note 16Stockholders equity:Common stock, $0001par value per share; 560,000shares authorized; 291,384 and 313,531 shares issued and 287,633 and 309,781 shares outstanding, respectively291314Additional paid-in capital as  stock, at cost 3,751  other comprehensive  deficit as  stockholders equity1,931,3302,265,252Total liabilities and stockholders equity$5,661,470$5,511,909See accompanying notes54Table of ContentsNUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY AccumulatedCommon StockAdditional Paid-In CapitalTreasury StockOther Comprehensive Income LossAccumulated DeficitTotal Stockholders'  thousandsBalance at September 30, 2013 as  of common stock under employee stock  of restricted stock, and repurchase of common stock at cost for employee tax   and retirement of common stock as  of common stock in connection with acquisitions and collaboration agreements2343,7503,750Net loss150,343150,343Other comprehensive loss30,82830,828Balance at September 30, 2014 as  of common stock under employee stock  of restricted stock, and repurchase of common stock at cost for employee tax   and retirement of common stock as  of common stock in connection with  portion of convertible debt issuance/retirement, net of tax effect44,35844,358Net loss115,010115,010Other comprehensive loss92,93092,930Balance at September 30, 2015 as  of common stock under employee stock  of restricted stock, and repurchase of common stock at cost for employee tax   and retirement of common  issuance of common stock in connection with acquisitions and collaboration  portion of convertible debt issuance/retirement, net of tax effect175,564175,564Net loss12,45812,458Other comprehensive income811811Balance at September 30,  accompanying notes55Table of ContentsNUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Year Ended September30,201620152014In thousandsCash flows from operating activitiesNet  to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities:Depreciation and   interest  tax benefit  on extinguishment of  in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects from acquisitions:Accounts  expenses and other   expenses and other   cash provided by operating  flows from investing activitiesCapital  for business and technology acquisitions, net of cash  of marketable securities and other  from sales and maturities of marketable securities and other  cash used in investing  flows from financing activitiesPayments of  from issuance of long-term debt, net of issuance costs959,358253,224Payments for repurchase of common  payments on other long-term  for settlement of other share-based derivatives, net3405,286Proceeds from issuance of common stock from employee stock plans16,85025,77622,652Cash used to net share settle employee equity  cash used in financing  of exchange rate changes on cash and cash  increase decrease in cash and cash  and cash equivalents at beginning of year479,449547,230808,118Cash and cash equivalents at end of  accompanying notes56Table of ContentsNUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.NOTESTO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS1.Organization and PresentationNuance Communications, Inc. we, Nuance, or the Company is a leading provider of voice recognition and natural language understanding solutions. We work with companies around the world, from banks and hospitals to airlines, telecommunications carriers, and automotive manufacturers and suppliers, who use our solutions and technologies to create better experiences for their customers and their users by enhancing the users' experience, increasing productivity and customer satisfaction. We offer our customers high accuracy in automated speech recognition, capabilities for natural language understanding, dialog and information management, biometric speaker authentication, text-to-speech, optical character recognition capabilities, and domain knowledge, along with professional services and implementation support. Using advanced analytics and algorithms, our technologies create personalized experiences and transform the way people interact with information and the technology around them. We market and sell our solutions and technologies around the world directly through a dedicated sales force, through our e-commerce website and also through a global network of resellers, including system integrators, independent software vendors, value-added resellers, distributors, hardware vendors, and telecommunications carriers.We operate in fourreportable segments: Healthcare, Mobile, Enterprise, and Imaging. See Note 19for a description of each of these segments. We have completed several business acquisitions during the three years ended September30, 2016, including TouchCommerce, Inc. TouchCommerceon August 16, 2016and numerous immaterial acquisitions. The results of operations from these acquired businesses have been included in our consolidated financial statements from their respective acquisition dates. See Note3for additional disclosure related to these acquisitions.We have evaluated subsequent events from September30, 2016through the date of the issuance of these consolidated financial statements and have determined that no material subsequent events have occurred that would affect the information presented in these consolidated financial statements2.Summary of Significant Accounting PoliciesUse of EstimatesThe preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S.generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, assumptions and judgments. The most important of these relate to revenue recognition; the allowances for doubtful accounts and sales returns; accounting for deferred costs; accounting for internally developed software; the valuation of goodwill and intangible assets; accounting for business combinations, including contingent consideration; accounting for stock-based compensation; accounting for derivative instruments; accounting for income taxes and related valuation allowances; and loss contingencies. We base our estimates on historical experience, market participant fair value considerations, projected future cash flows, and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual amounts could differ significantly from these estimates.Basis of ConsolidationThe consolidated financial statements include our accounts and those of our wholly-owned domestic and foreign subsidiaries. Intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated.Recasting of Prior Period Financial Information and Change in Accounting PolicyDuring the first quarter of fiscal year 2016, we reorganized the organizational management and oversight of our Dragon Consumer business, which was previously reported within our Mobile segment and has now been moved into our Healthcare segment. During the second quarter of fiscal year 2016, we reclassified certain government payroll incentive credits previously reported in the general and administrative expense to research and development expense, cost of revenue, and sales and marketing. Accordingly, the segment results in prior periods have been recast to conform to the current period segment presentation. These changes had no impact on consolidated net income or cash flows in any period.During fiscal year 2016, we changed our method of recognizing the amount paid to repurchase common shares in excess of the par value. Historically we allocated any excess of cost over par value between accumulated deficit and additional paid-in capital. Under our new method of accounting, we recognize any excess of cost over par value in additional paid-in capital. The resulting reclassification is not considered material as there is no impact to total shareholders equity and only represents a reclassification between individual equity line items. Accordingly, the financial data for all periods presented has been 57Table of ContentsNUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.NOTESTO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL  adjusted to reflect the effect of this accounting change. The cumulative effect of the change on additional paid-in capital as of September 30, 2016, 2015, 2014 and 2013 was a decrease of approximately $6727 million, $3338 million, $2290 millionand $2182 million, respectively, with an offsetting adjustment to accumulated deficit.Revenue RecognitionWe derive revenue from the following sources: 1software license agreements, including royalty and other usage-based arrangements, 2professional services, 3hosting services and 4post-contract customer support PCS. Our hosting services are generally provided through on-demand, usage-based or per transaction fee arrangements. Generally, we recognize revenue when ipersuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, iidelivery has occurred, iiithe fee is fixed or determinable and ivcollectability is probable. Our revenue recognition policies for these revenue streams are discussed below.The sale and/or license of software solutions and technology is deemed to have occurred when a customer either has taken possession of or has access to take immediate possession of the software or technology. In select situations, we sell or license intellectual property in conjunction with, or in place of, embedding our intellectual property in software. We also have non-software arrangements including hosting services where the customer does not take possession of the software at the outset of the arrangement either because they have no contractual right to do so or because significant penalties preclude them from doing so.Revenue from royalties on sales of our software products by original equipment manufacturers OEMs, where no services are included, is recognized in the quarter earned so long as we have been notified by the OEM that such royalties are due, and provided that all other revenue recognition criteria are met.Software arrangements generally include PCS, which includes telephone support and the right to receive unspecified upgrades/enhancements on a when-and-if-available basis, typically for oneto fiveyears. Revenue from PCS is generally recognized ratably on a straight-line basis over the term that the maintenance service is provided. When PCS renews automatically, we provide a reserve based on historical experience for contracts expected to be canceled for non-payment. All known and estimated cancellations are recorded as a reduction to revenue and accounts receivable.For our software and software-related multiple element arrangements, where customers purchase both software related products and software related services, we use vendor-specific objective evidence VSOE of fair value for software and software-related services to separate the elements and account for them separately. VSOE exists when a company can support what the fair value of its software and/or software-related services is based on evidence of the prices charged when the same elements are sold separately. For the undelivered elements, VSOE of fair value is required in order to separate the accounting for various elements in a software and related services arrangement. We have established VSOE of fair value for the majority of our PCS, professional services, and training.When we provide professional services considered essential to the functionality of the software, we recognize revenue from the professional services as well as any related software licenses on a percentage-of-completion basis whereby the arrangement consideration is recognized as the services are performed, as measured by an observable input. In these circumstances, we separate license revenue from professional service revenue for income statement presentation by allocating VSOE of fair value of the professional services as professional services and hosting revenue and the residual portion as product and licensing revenue. We generally determine the percentage-of-completion by comparing the labor hours incurred to-date to the estimated total labor hours required to complete the project. We consider labor hours to be the most reliable, available measure of progress on these projects. Adjustments to estimates to complete are made in the periods in which facts resulting in a change become known. When the estimate indicates that a loss will be incurred, such loss is recorded in the period identified. Significant judgments and estimates are involved in determining the percent complete of each contract. Different assumptions could yield materially different results.We offer some of our products via a Software-as-a-Service SaaS model also known as a hosted model. In this type of arrangement, we are compensated in threeways: 1 fees for up-front set-up of the service environment 2 fees charged on a usage or per transaction basis, and 3 fees charged for on-demand service. Our up-front set-up fees are nonrefundable. We recognize the up-front set-up fees ratably over the longer of the contract lives or the expected lives of the customer relationships. The usage-based or per transaction fees are due and payable as each individual transaction is processed through the hosted service and is recognized as revenue in the period the services are provided. The on-demand service fees are recognized ratably over our estimate of the useful life of devices on which the hosted service is provided.We enter into multiple-element arrangements that may include a combination of our various software related and non-software related products and services offerings including software licenses, PCS, professional services, and our hosting services. In such 58Table of ContentsNUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.NOTESTO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL  we allocate total arrangement consideration to software or software-related elements and any non-software element separately based on the selling price hierarchy group following our policies. We determine the selling price for each deliverable using VSOE of selling price, if it exists, or Third Party Evidence TPE of selling price. Typically, we are unable to determine TPE of selling price. Therefore, when neither VSOE nor TPE of selling price exist for a deliverable, we use our Estimate of Selling Price ESP for the purposes of allocating the arrangement consideration. We determine ESP for a product or service by considering multiple factors including, but not limited to, major project groupings, market conditions, competitive landscape, price list and discounting practices. Revenue allocated to each element is then recognized when the basic revenue recognition criteria are met for each element.When products are sold through distributors or resellers, title and risk of loss generally passes upon shipment, at which time the transaction is invoiced and payment is due. Shipments to distributors and resellers without right of return are recognized as revenue upon shipment, provided all other revenue recognition criteria are met. Certain distributors and resellers have been granted rights of return for as long as the distributors or resellers hold the inventory. We cannot use historical returns from these distributors and resellers as a basis upon which to estimate future sales returns. As a result, we recognize revenue from sales to these distributors and resellers when the products are sold through to retailers and end-users.When products are sold directly to retailers or end-users, we make an estimate of sales returns based on historical experience. The provision for these estimated returns is recorded as a reduction of revenue and accounts receivable at the time that the related revenue is recorded. If actual returns differ significantly from our estimates, such differences could have a material impact on our results of operations for the period in which the actual returns become known.We record consideration given to a reseller as a reduction of revenue to the extent we have recorded cumulative revenue from the customer or reseller. However, when we receive an identifiable benefit in exchange for the consideration, and can reasonably estimate the fair value of the benefit received, the consideration is recorded as an operating expense.We record reimbursements received for out-of-pocket expenses as revenue, with offsetting costs recorded as cost of revenue. Out-of-pocket expenses generally include, but are not limited to, expenses related to transportation, lodging and meals. We record shipping and handling costs billed to customers as revenue with offsetting costs recorded as cost of revenue.Business CombinationsWe determine and allocate the purchase price of an acquired company to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the business combination date. Results of operations and cash flows of acquired companies are included in our operating results from the date of acquisition. The purchase price allocation process requires us to use significant estimates and assumptions, including fair value estimates, as of the business combination date including:estimated fair values of intangible assets;estimated fair values of legal performance commitments to customers, assumed from the acquiree under existing contractual obligations classified as deferred revenue;estimated fair values of stock awards assumed from the acquiree that are included in the purchase price;estimated fair value of required payments under contingent consideration provisions;estimated income tax assets and liabilities assumed from the acquiree;andestimated fair value of pre-acquisition contingencies assumed from the acquiree.The fair value of any contingent consideration is established at the acquisition date and included in the total purchase price. The contingent consideration is then adjusted to fair value as an increase or decrease in current earnings included in acquisition-related costs, net in each reporting period.While we use our best estimates and assumptions as part of the purchase price allocation process to accurately value assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the business combination date, our estimates and assumptions are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. As a result, during the purchase price allocation period, which is generally one year from the business combination date, we record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. For adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the purchase price allocation period, we recognize the adjustment in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. Subsequent to the purchase price allocation period, any 59Table of ContentsNUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.NOTESTO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL  to assets acquired or liabilities assumed is included in operating results in the period in which the adjustment is determined.Goodwill and Long-Lived AssetsGoodwill represents the excess of the purchase price in a business combination over the fair value of net tangible and intangible assets acquired. Goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized, but rather the carrying amounts of these assets are reviewed for impairment at least annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of these assets may not be recoverable. Goodwill is tested for impairment based on a comparison of the fair value of our reporting units to their recorded carrying values. The test consists of a two-step process. The first step is the comparison of the fair value to the carrying value of the reporting unit to determine if the carrying value exceeds the fair value. The second step measures the amount of an impairment loss and is only performed if the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the reporting unit. Our annual impairment assessment date is July 1 of each fiscal year. As of July 1, 2016 we had sixreporting units based on the level of information provided to, and review thereof, by our segment management. We continuously evaluate our operating segments and one level below our operating segments to determine the correct reporting units for our goodwill impairment testing.We determine fair values for each of the reporting units based on consideration of the income approach, the market comparable approach and the market transaction approach. For purposes of the income approach, fair value is determined based on the present value of estimated future after-tax cash flows, discounted at an appropriate risk adjusted rate. We use our internal forecasts to estimate future after-tax cash flows and include an estimate of long-term future growth rates based on our most recent views of the long-term outlook for each reporting unit, which we believe are consistent with other market participants. Actual results may differ from those assumed in our forecasts. We derive our discount rates using a capital asset pricing model and analyzing published rates for industries relevant to our reporting units to estimate the weighted average cost of capital. We use discount rates that are commensurate with the risks and uncertainty inherent in the respective businesses and in our internally developed forecasts. Discount rates used in our reporting unit valuations ranged from 95%to 145%. For purposes of the market approach, we use a valuation technique in which values are derived based on market prices of comparable publicly traded companies. We also use a market based valuation technique in which values are determined based on relevant observable information generated by market transactions involving comparable businesses. We assess each valuation methodology based upon the relevance and availability of the data at the time we perform the valuation and weight the methodologies appropriately. The carrying values of the reporting units were determined based on an allocation of our assets and liabilities, through specific allocation of certain assets and liabilities, to the reporting units and an apportionment method based on relative size of the reporting units revenues and operating expenses compared to our total revenues and operating expenses. Goodwill was initially allocated to our reporting units based on the relative fair value of the units at the date we implemented the current reporting unit structure. Goodwill subsequently acquired through acquisitions is allocated to the applicable reporting unit based upon the relative fair value of the acquired business. Certain corporate assets and liabilities that are not instrumental to the reporting units operations and would not be transferred to hypothetical purchasers of the reporting units were excluded from the reporting units carrying values. As of our annual impairment assessment date for fiscal year 2016, our estimated fair values of our reporting units exceeded their carrying values and we concluded, based on the first step of the process, that there was no impairment of goodwill. The fair value substantially exceeded the carrying value by more than 120%for each of our reporting units, with the exception of our Mobile and Dragon Consumer DNS reporting units. The fair value exceeded the carrying value of our Mobile reporting unit by approximately 18%. Goodwill allocated to our Mobile reporting unit is approximately $11 billionas of July1, 2016and September30, 2016. Our Mobile reporting unit, specifically our handset business, has experienced a decline in fair value as a result of weakening handset revenues from a deterioration in mature markets. The operating plans and projections, which are the basis for the reporting unit fair value, anticipate these weakening conditions for the handset business and include continued revenue growth from cloud-based services in our automotive business and revenue from TV solutions and IoT are expected to offset this weakness in handset revenue. The fair value exceeded the carrying value of our DNS reporting unit by approximately 15%. Goodwill allocated to our DNS reporting unit is approximately $668 millionas of July1, 2016and September30, 2016. Our DNS reporting unit has experienced a decline in fair value as a result of a weakening revenue stream from sales of our dictation software to business users and consumers due to an overall weakness in desktop software sales. The operating plans and projections, which are the basis for the reporting unit fair value, anticipate these weakening conditions60Table of ContentsNUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.NOTESTO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSContinuedOur long-lived assets consist principally of acquired intangible assets, internally developed software, land, and building and equipment. Intangible assets acquired in our business and asset acquisitions, including certain technology that is licensed from third parties. We amortize acquired intangible assets with finite lives over the estimated economic lives of the assets, generally using the straight-line method except where the pattern of the expected economic benefit is readily identifiable, primarily customer relationship intangibles, whereby amortization follows that pattern. Internally developed software consists of capitalized costs incurred during the application development stage, which include costs to design the software configuration and interfaces, coding, installation and testing. Costs incurred during the preliminary project stage, along with post-implementation stages of internally developed software, are expensed as incurred. Internally developed software costs that have been capitalized are typically amortized over the estimated useful life, beginning with the date that an asset is ready for its intended use. Land, building and equipment are stated at cost. Building and equipment are depreciated over their estimated useful lives. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of the related lease term or the estimated useful life. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method. Repair and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. The cost and related accumulated depreciation of sold or retired assets are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is included in operations.We evaluate long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. In addition, each reporting period we evaluate the estimated remaining useful life of acquired and licensed intangible assets, as well as land, buildings and equipment, to determine whether events or changes in circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining period of depreciation or amortization. We assess the recoverability of the asset or asset group based on the undiscounted future cash flows the assets are expected to generate and recognize an impairment loss when estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the use of the assets plus net proceeds expected from disposition of the assets, if any, are less than the carrying value of the assets. If an asset or asset group is deemed to be impaired, the amount of the impairment loss, if any, represents the excess of the asset or asset groups carrying value compared to its estimated fair value.Determining the fair value of a reporting unit or asset group involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions, which we believe to be reasonable, that are unpredictable and inherently uncertain. These estimates and assumptions include revenue growth rates and operating margins used to calculate projected future cash flows, risk-adjusted discount rates, future economic and market conditions, our ability to launch new product and new market penetrations, and determination of appropriate market comparables. Significant adverse changes in our future revenues and/or operating margins, significant degradation in the enterprise values of comparable companies for our reporting units, changes in our organization or management reporting structure, as well as other events and circumstances, including but not limited to technological advances, increased competition and changing economic or market conditions, could result in a shorter estimated useful lives, b changes to reporting units or asset groups, which may require alternative methods of estimating fair values or greater disaggregation or aggregation in our analysis by reporting unit, and/or c other changes in previous assumptions or estimates, could result in the determination that all or a portion of our goodwill is impaired that could materially impact future results of operations and financial position in the reporting period identified.Cash and Cash EquivalentsCash and cash equivalents consists of cash on hand, including money market funds and time deposits with original maturities of 90days or less.Marketable Securities and Minority InvestmentsMarketable Securities:Marketable securities consist of time deposits and high-quality corporate debt instruments with stated maturities of more than 90 days. Investments are classified as available-for-sale and are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value with unrealized gains or losses reported as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income loss, net of tax. As of September30, 2016, the total cost basis of our marketable securities was $1265 million.Minority Investment:We record investments in other companies, where we do not have a controlling interest or significant influence in the equity investment, at cost within other assets in our consolidated balance sheet. We review our investments for impairment whenever declines in estimated fair value are deemed to be other-than-temporary.Accounts Receivable AllowancesAllowances for Doubtful Accounts:We maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts for the estimated probable losses on uncollectible accounts receivable. The allowance is based upon the credit worthiness of our customers, our historical experience, the age of the receivable and current market and economic conditions. Receivables are written off against these allowances in the period they are determined to be uncollectible61Table of ContentsNUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.NOTESTO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL  for Sales Returns:We maintain an allowance for sales returns from customers for which we have the ability to estimate returns based on historical experience. The returns allowance is recorded as a reduction in revenue and accounts receivable at the time the related revenue is recorded. Receivables are written off against the allowance in the period the return is received.For the years ended September30, 2016, 2015and 2014, the activity related to accounts receivable allowances was as follows dollars in thousands:Allowance for Doubtful AccountsAllowancefor SalesReturnsBalance at September 30, 2013$8,529$5,660Bad debt provision3,917Write-offs, net of recoveries955Revenue adjustments, net4,268Balance at September 30, 201411,4919,928Bad debt provisions3,397Write-offs, net of recoveries5,704Revenue adjustments, net1,756Balance at September 30, 20159,1848,172Bad debt provisions3,103Write-offs, net of recoveries1,249Revenue adjustments, net616Balance at September 30,  are stated at the lower of cost, computed using the first-in, first-out method, or market value and are included in other current assets. We regularly review inventory quantities on hand and record a provision for excess and/or obsolete inventory primarily based on future purchase commitments with our suppliers, and the estimated utility of our inventory as well as other factors including technological changes and new product development.Inventories, net of allowances, consisted of the following dollars in thousands:September30, 2016September30, 2015Components and parts$9,994$6,850Finished products1,6482,144Total  of ContentsNUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.NOTESTO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL  for Collaboration AgreementsHealthcare Collaboration AgreementWe have a collaboration agreement with a large healthcare provider and under the terms of the agreement we have been reimbursed for certain research and development costs related to specified product development projects with the objective of commercializing the resulting products. All intellectual property derived from these research and development efforts will be owned by us. Upon product introduction, we will pay royalties to this party based on the actual sales. During fiscal year 2016, the party could elect to continue with the arrangement, receiving royalties on future sales, or receive a buy-out payment from us and forgo future royalties. Royalties paid to this party upon commercialization of any products from these development efforts will be recorded as a reduction to revenue. The buy-out payment is calculated based on a number of factors including the net cash flows received and paid by the parties, as well as a minimum return on those net cash flows. As of September30, 2015and September30, 2014, we expected our partner to elect to receive a buy-out at the option date and recorded $39 millionand $26 million, respectively, as research and development expenses in our consolidated financial statements. In fiscal year 2016, our partner elected to receive the buy-out option and we issued 403,325shares of our common stock to our partner as settlement for the $65 millionbuy-out option.Intellectual Property Collaboration AgreementsWe entered into collaboration agreements in order to gain access to a third partys extensive speech recognition technology, natural language technology, and semantic processing technology. Depending on the agreement, some or all intellectual property derived from these collaborations will be jointly owned by the twoparties. For the majority of the developed intellectual property, we will have sole rights to commercialize such intellectual property for periods ranging between twoto sixyears, depending on the agreement. Generally, the agreements call for annual payments in cash or shares of our common stock, at our election. We issued 02 millionand 11 millionshares of our common stock for payments totaling $38 millionand $225 millionin the fiscal years ending in 2014 and 2013, respectively with final payments in fiscal year 2014. The payments are recorded as a prepaid asset when made and are expensed ratably over the contractual period. For the years ended September30, 2015and 2014, we have recognized $25 millionand $197 millionas research and development expense, respectively, related to these agreements in our consolidated statements of operations. For the year ended September30, 2016and 2015, we have also recognized $40 millionand $80 million, respectively, as sales and marketing expense for the exclusive commercialization rights related to one of these collaboration agreements in our consolidated statements of operations. As of September30, 2016, the prepaid asset was completely amortized.Research and Development CostsResearch and development costs related to software that is or will be sold or licensed externally to third-parties, or for which a substantive plan exists to sell or license such software in the future, incurred subsequent to the establishment of technological feasibility, but prior to the general release of the product, are capitalized and amortized to cost of revenue over the estimated useful life of the related products. We have determined that technological feasibility is reached shortly before the general release of our software products. Costs incurred after technological feasibility is established have not been material. We expense research and development costs as incurred.Acquisition-Related Costs, netAcquisition-related costs include costs related to business and other acquisitions, including potential acquisitions. These costs consist of itransition and integration costs, including retention payments, transitional employee costs and earn-out payments treated as compensation expense, as well as the costs of integration-related activities, including services provided by third-parties; iiprofessional service fees and expenses, including financial advisory, legal, accounting, and other outside services incurred in connection with acquisition activities, and disputes and regulatory matters related to acquired entities; and iiiadjustments to acquisition-related items that are required to be marked to fair value each reporting period, such as contingent consideration, and other items related to acquisitions for which the measurement period has ended, such as gains or losses on settlements of pre-acquisition contingencies63Table of ContentsNUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.NOTESTO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSContinuedThe components of acquisition-related costs, net are as follows dollars in  and integration  service   CostsAdvertising costs are expensed as incurred and are classified as sales and marketing expenses. Cooperative advertising programs reimburse customers for marketing activities for certain of our products, subject to defined criteria. Cooperative advertising obligations are accrued and expensed at the same time the related revenue is recognized. Cooperative advertising expenses are recorded as expense to the extent that an advertising benefit separate from the revenue transaction can be identified and the cash paid does not exceed the fair value of that advertising benefit received. Any excess of cash paid over the fair value of the advertising benefit received is recorded as a reduction in revenue. We incurred advertising costs of $278 million, $321 millionand $494 millionfor fiscal years 2016, 2015and 2014, respectively.Convertible DebtWe separately account for the liability debt and equity conversion option components of our convertible debt instruments that require or permit settlement in cash upon conversion in a manner that reflects our nonconvertible debt borrowing rate at the time of issuance. The equity components of our convertible debt instruments are recorded to stockholders equity with an offsetting debt discount. The debt discount created is amortized to interest expense in our consolidated statement of operations using the effective interest method over the expected term of the convertible debt.Income TaxesDeferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. This method also requires the recognition of future tax benefits such as net operating loss carryforwards, to the extent that realization of such benefits is more likely than not after consideration of all available evidence. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the fiscal years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. We do not accrue tax for the repatriation of foreign earnings expected to be indefinitely reinvested offshore.We regularly review our deferred tax assets for recoverability considering historical profitability, projected future taxable income, the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences and tax planning strategies. In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we consider both positive and negative evidence related to the likelihood of realization of the deferred tax assets. The weight given to the positive and negative evidence is commensurate with the extent to which the evidence may be objectively verified. If positive evidence regarding projected future taxable income, exclusive of reversing taxable temporary differences, existed it would be difficult for it to outweigh objective negative evidence of recent financial reporting losses. Generally, cumulative loss in recent years is a significant piece of negative evidence that is difficult to overcome in determining that a valuation allowance is not needed. As of September30, 2016and 2015, valuation allowances have been established for all U.S. and for certain foreign deferred tax assets which we believe do not meet the more likely than not criteria for recognition. If we are subsequently able to utilize all or a portion of the deferred tax assets for which a valuation allowance has been established, then we may be required to recognize these deferred tax assets through the reduction of the valuation allowance which could result in a material benefit to our results of operations in the period in which the benefit is determined. 64Table of ContentsNUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.NOTESTO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL  LossFor the purposes of comprehensive loss disclosures, we do not record tax provisions or benefits for the net changes in the foreign currency translation adjustment, as we intend to indefinitely reinvest undistributed earnings in our foreign subsidiaries.The components of accumulated other comprehensive loss, reflected in the consolidated statements of stockholders equity, consisted of the following dollars in  currency translation  losses on marketable securities8645Net unrealized losses on post-retirement  other comprehensive  of RiskFinancial instruments that potentially subject us to significant concentrations of credit risk principally consist of cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities and trade accounts receivable. We place our cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities with financial institutions with high credit ratings. As part of our cash and investment management processes, we perform periodic evaluations of the credit standing of the financial institutions with whom we maintain deposits, and have not recorded any credit losses to-date. For trade accounts receivable, we perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers financial condition and limit the amount of credit extended when deemed appropriate. No customer accounted for greater than 10% of our net accounts receivable balance at September30, 2016and 2015or 10% of our revenue for fiscal years 2016, 2015or 2014.Fair Value of Financial InstrumentsFinancial instruments including cash equivalents, accounts receivable, and accounts payable are carried in the financial statements at amounts that approximate their fair value based on the short maturities of those instruments. Marketable securities and derivative instruments are carried at fair value. Refer to Note9for discussion of the fair value of our long-term debt.Foreign Currency TranslationWe have significant foreign operations and transact business in various foreign currencies. In general, the functional currency of a foreign operation is the local countrys currency. Non-functional currency monetary balances are re-measured into the functional currency of the subsidiary with any related gain or loss recorded in other expense, net, in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. Assets and liabilities of operations outside the United States U.S., for which the functional currency is the local currency, are translated into United States dollars using period-end exchange rates. Revenues and expenses are translated at the average exchange rates in effect during each fiscal month during the year. The effects of foreign currency translation adjustments are included as a component of accumulated other comprehensive lossin the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Foreign currency transaction losses gains included in other expense, netfor fiscal years 2016, 2015and 2014were $15 million, $002 million, and $09 million, respectively.Financial Instruments and Hedging ActivitiesWe utilize derivative instruments to hedge specific financial risks including foreign exchange risk. We do not engage in speculative hedging activity. In order for us to account for a derivative instrument as a hedge, specific criteria must be met, including: iensuring at the inception of the hedge that formal documentation exists for both the hedging relationship and the entitys risk management objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge and iiat the inception of the hedge and on an ongoing basis, the hedging relationship is expected to be highly effective in achieving offsetting changes in fair value attributed to the hedged risk during the period that the hedge is designated. Further, an assessment of effectiveness is required whenever financial statements or earnings are reported. Absent meeting these criteria, changes in fair value are recognized in other expense, net, in the consolidated statements of operations. Once the underlying forecasted transaction is realized, the gain or loss from the derivative designated as a hedge of the transaction is reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive lossto the statement of operations, in the appropriate revenue or expense caption. Any ineffective portion of the derivatives designated as cash flow hedges is recognized in current earnings. We report cash flows arising from derivative financial instruments designated as fair value or cash flow hedges consistent with the classification of the cash flows from the underlying hedged items that these derivatives are hedging. Cash flows from derivatives that do not qualify as hedges are generally reported in cash flows from investing activities. Cash payments or 65Table of ContentsNUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.NOTESTO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSContinuedcash receipts on security price guarantees related to changes in the price of our own stock as discussed in Note 10, are reported as cash flows from financing activities.Accounting for Stock-Based CompensationWe account for stock-based compensation to employees and directors, including grants of employee stock options, purchases under employee stock purchase plans, and restricted awards through recognition of the fair value of the share-based awards as a charge against earnings in the form of stock-based compensation. We recognize stock-based compensation expense over the requisite service period, net of estimated forfeitures. We recognize benefits from stock-based compensation in equity using the with-and-without approach for the utilization of tax attributes. Net Loss Per ShareThe weighted-average number of common shares outstanding gives effect to all potentially dilutive common equivalent shares, including outstanding stock options and restricted stock, shares held in escrow, contingently issuable shares under earn-out agreements once earned, warrants, and potential issuance of stock upon conversion of our 10%, 275%, and 150%Convertible Debentures. The convertible debentures are considered Instrument C securities due to the fact that only the excess of the conversion value on the date of conversion can be paid in our common shares; the principal portion of the conversion must be paid in cash. Therefore, only the shares of common stock potentially issuable with respect to the excess of the conversion value over its principal amount, if any, is considered as dilutive to the weighted average common shares calculation.As of September30, 2016, 2015and 2014, diluted weighted average common shares outstanding is equal to basic weighted average common shares due to our net loss position. Common equivalent shares are excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share if their effect is anti-dilutive. Potentially dilutive common equivalent shares aggregating to 88 millionshares, 107 millionshares and 109 millionshares for the years ended September30, 2016, 2015and 2014, respectively, have been excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share because their inclusion would be anti-dilutive. Recently Adopted Accounting StandardsIn fiscal year 2016, we early adopted, and retroactively implemented Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2015-17, Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes. Under this new guidance, we are required to present deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities, and any related valuation allowances, as noncurrent on our consolidated balance sheet. The cumulative effect of the change as of September30, 2015on current and long-term deferred tax assets was a decrease of approximately $573 millionand $04 million, respectively, with an offsetting adjustment to long-term deferred tax liabilities, and had no impact on our shareholders' equity, results of operations or cash flows. Current deferred tax assets were included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and long-term deferred tax assets were included in other assets within our consolidated balance sheet. In fiscal year 2016, we implemented ASU No. 2014-08, Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity. Under this new guidance, we are required to change the criteria for determining which disposals can be presented as discontinued operations and requires enhanced disclosures. The implementation had no impact on our consolidated financial statements.In fiscal year 2016, we early adopted, and retroactively implemented ASU No. 2015-03, Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs. Under this new guidance, we are required to present debt issuance costs as a direct deduction from the related debt liability on our consolidated balance sheet. The cumulative effect of the change as of September30, 2015on other assets was a decrease of approximately $157 millionwith an offsetting adjustment to long-term portion of debt, and had no impact on our shareholders' equity, results of operations or cash flows.In fiscal year 2016, we early adopted ASU No. 2015-16, Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments ASU 2015-16. The amendments in the ASU 2015-16 require an acquirer to recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined and set forth new disclosure requirements related to the adjustments. The implementation had no impact on our consolidated financial statements66Table of ContentsNUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.NOTESTO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSContinuedRecently Issued Accounting StandardsFrom time to time, new accounting pronouncements are issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board and are adopted by us as of the specified effective dates. Unless otherwise discussed, such pronouncements did not have or will not have a significant impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows or do not apply to our operations.In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued ASU 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows Topic 230: Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments ASC 2016-15, which provides guidance on the classification of certain specific cash flow issues including debt prepayment or extinguishment costs, settlement of certain debt instruments, contingent consideration payments made after a business combination, proceeds from the settlement of certain insurance claims and distributions received from equity method investees. The standard requires the use of a retrospective approach to all periods presented, but may be applied prospectively if retrospective application would be impracticable. ASU 2016-15 is effective forus in the first quarter of fiscal year 2019, and early application is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of our pending adoption of ASU 2016-15 on our consolidated financial statements.In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09, Compensation - Stock Compensation: Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting ASU 2016-09, which is intended to simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective forus in the first quarter of fiscal year 2018, and early application is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of our pending adoption of ASU 2016-09 on our consolidated financial statements.In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases ASU 2016-02. ASU 2016-02 requires lessees to recognize on the balance sheet a right-of-use asset, representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term, and a lease liability for all leases with terms greater than 12 months. The guidance also requires qualitative and quantitative disclosures designed to assess the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. The standard requires the use of a modified retrospective transition approach, which includes a number of optional practical expedients that entities may elect to apply. ASU 2016-02 is effective forus in the first quarter of fiscal year 2020, and early application is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of our pending adoption of ASU 2016-02 on our consolidated financial statements.In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01, Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities ASU 2016-01. ASU 2016-01 amends the guidance on the classification and measurement of financial instruments. Although ASU 2016-01 retains many current requirements, it significantly revises accounting related to the classification and measurement of investments in equity securities and the presentation of certain fair value changes for financial liabilities measured at fair value. ASU 2016-01 also amends certain disclosure requirements associated with the fair value of financial instruments and is effective forus in the first quarter of fiscal year 2019. We do not believe that ASU 2016-01 will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.In February 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-02, Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis ASU 2015-02. The amendments in ASU 2015-02 provide guidance on evaluating whether a company should consolidate certain legal entities. In accordance with the guidance, all legal entitiesare subject to reevaluation under the revised consolidation model. ASU 2015-02 is effective forus in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017 with early adoption permitted. We do not believe that ASU 2015-02 will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.In August 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-15, Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity Ability to Continue as a Going Concern ASU 2014-15, to provide guidance on management responsibility in evaluating whether there is substantial doubt about a company ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. ASU 2014-15 is effective for us in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, with early adoption permitted. We do not believe that ASU 2014-15 will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. In June 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No2014-12,Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period ASU 2014-12. ASU 2014-12 requires that a performance target that affects vesting and could be achieved after the requisite service period be treated as a performance condition. A reporting entity should apply existing guidance in ASC 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation, as it relates to such awards. ASU 2014-12 is effective for us in our first quarter of fiscal year 2017 with early adoption permitted using either of two methods: iprospective to all awards granted or modified after the effective date; or iiretrospective to all awards with performance targets that are outstanding as of the beginning of the earliest annual period presented in the financial statements and to all new or modified awards thereafter, with the cumulative effect of applying ASU 2014-12 as an adjustment to the opening retained earnings balance as of the beginning of the earliest annual period presented in 67Table of ContentsNUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.NOTESTO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSContinuedthe financial statements. We do not believe that ASU 2014-12 will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Topic 606 ASU 2014-09, to supersede nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under U.S. GAAP. The core principle of ASU 2014-09 is to recognize revenues when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that is expected to be received for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 defines a five step process to achieve this core principle and, in doing so, it is possible more judgment and estimates may be required within the revenue recognition process than required under existing U.S. GAAP including identifying performance obligations in the contract, estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. ASU 2014-09 is effective for us in our first quarter of fiscal year 2019 using either of two methods: i retrospective to each prior reporting period presented with the option to elect certain practical expedients as defined within ASU 2014-09; or ii retrospective with the cumulative effect of initially applying ASU 2014-09 recognized at the date of initial application and providing certain additional disclosures as defined per ASU 2014-09. We are currently evaluating the impact of our pending adoption of ASU 2014-09 on our consolidated financial statements3.Business AcquisitionsAs part of our business strategy, we have acquired, and may acquire in the future, certain businesses and technologies primarily to expand our products and service offerings.Fiscal Year 2016 AcquisitionsAcquisition of TouchCommerce, Inc.In August 2016, we acquired all of the outstanding stock of TouchCommerce. TouchCommerce is a provider of omni-channel solutions to engage their customers on any device through online chat, guides, personalized content, and other automated tools, resulting in enhanced customer experience, increased revenue and reduced support costs. We expect this acquisition to expand our customer care solutions with a range of new digital engagement offerings, including live chat, customer analytics and personalization solutions within our Enterprise segment. We expect to be able to provide an end-to-end engagement platform that merges intelligent self-service with assisted service to increase customer satisfaction, strengthen customer loyalty and improve business results. The aggregate consideration for this transaction was $2181 million, and included $1130 millionpaid in cash and $850 millionpaid in our common stock. The remaining $201 millionis expected to be paid in November 2017 at the conclusion of an indemnity period in either cash or our common stock, at our election. The acquisition is a stock purchase and the goodwill resulting from this acquisition is not deductible for tax purposes. The results of operations of this acquisition have been included in our Enterprise segment from the acquisition date68Table of ContentsNUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.NOTESTO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSContinuedA summary of the preliminary allocation of the purchase consideration for our TouchCommerce acquisition is as follows dollars in   stocka85,000Deferred acquisition payment20,141Total purchase  of the purchase   intangible assetsc110,800Other assets1,521Total assets acquired245,280Current liabilities4,198Deferred tax liability19,515Deferred revenue2,784Other long term liabilities634Total liabilities assumed27,131Net assets  of our common stock valued at $1478per share were issued at closing.bAccounts receivable have been recorded at their estimated fair values and the fair value reserve was not material.cThe following are the identifiable intangible assets acquired and their respective weighted average useful lives, as determined based on preliminary valuations dollars in  and completed technology$26,00070Customer relationships81,600100Trade  Fiscal Year 2016 AcquisitionsDuring fiscal year 2016, we acquired several other businesses, in our Healthcare segment that were not significant individually or in the aggregate. The total aggregate cash consideration for these acquisitions was $500 millionincluding an estimated fair value for future contingent payments. The results of operations of these acquisitions have been included in our financial results since their respective acquisition dates.Pro forma results of operations have not been presented because the effects of the business combinations completed in fiscal year 2016, individually and in aggregate, were not material to our consolidated financial results. We have also not presented revenue or the results of operations for each of these business combinations, from the date of acquisition, as they were not material to our consolidated financial results69Table of ContentsNUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.NOTESTO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSContinuedThe fair value estimates for the assets acquired and liabilities assumed for acquisitions completed during fiscal year 2016 were based upon preliminary calculations and valuations, and our estimates and assumptions for each of these acquisitions are subject to change as we obtain additional information during the respective measurement periods up to oneyear from the respective acquisition dates. The primary areas of preliminary estimates that were not yet finalized related to certain assets and liabilities acquired. There were no significant changes to the fair value estimates during the current year.Fiscal Year 2015 AcquisitionsDuring fiscal year 2015, we acquired several businesses in our Mobile and Healthcare segments that were not significant individually or in the aggregate. The total aggregate cash consideration for these acquisitions was $649 million, including an estimated fair value for future contingent payments. The results of operations of these acquisitions have been included in our consolidated financial results since their respective acquisition dates.Fiscal Year 2014 AcquisitionsDuring fiscal year 2014, we acquired several businesses in our Imaging, Healthcare and Enterprise segments that were not significant individually or in the aggregate. The total aggregate cash consideration for these acquisitions was $2660 million, including an estimated fair value for future contingent payments. The results of operations of these acquisitions have been included in our consolidated financial results since their respective acquisition dates4.Goodwill and Intangible AssetsThe changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for our reportable segments for fiscal years 2016and 2015were as follows dollars in  as of September 30,  accounting   of foreign currency  as of September 30,   of foreign currency  as of September 30,  the first quarter of fiscal year 2016, we reorganized the organizational management and oversight of our Dragon Consumer business, represented by our DNS reporting unit, which was previously reported within our Mobile segment and was moved into our Healthcare segment. Based on this reorganization, $676 millionof goodwill related to our DNS reporting unit moved from our Mobile segment into our Healthcare segment during the first quarter of fiscal year 2016. As a result of this change, we performed an analysis and determined that we did not have a triggering event requiring us to perform an impairment test on our DNS and Healthcare reporting units70Table of ContentsNUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.NOTESTO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSContinuedIn the first quarter of fiscal year 2015, we realigned our product portfolio which resulted in a change in the composition of our Mobile and Enterprise reporting units. We have reallocated goodwill among the affected reporting units, based on their relative fair value, and we reallocated $299 millionof goodwill from our DNS reporting unit into our Mobile reporting unit, and we reallocated $105 millionof goodwill from our Mobile reporting unit into our Enterprise reporting unit. The DNS and Mobile reporting units were both included in our Mobile reportable segment. As a result of this change, we determined that we had a triggering event requiring us to perform an impairment test on our DNS, Mobile, and Enterprise reporting units. We completed our impairment test during the first quarter of fiscal year 2015, and the fair value of the reorganized reporting units, both before and after the product realignment, substantially exceeded their carrying values.Intangible assets consist of the following as of September30, 2016and 2015, which includes licensed technology with a net book value of $591 millionand $805 million, respectively dollars in thousands:September30, 2016Gross Carrying AmountAccumulated AmortizationNet Carrying AmountWeighted Average Remaining Life YearsCustomer  and  names, trademarks, and   2015Gross Carrying AmountAccumulated AmortizationNet Carrying AmountWeighted Average Remaining Life YearsCustomer  and  names, trademarks, and   expense for acquired technology and patents is included in the cost of revenue in the accompanying statements of operations and amounted to $629 million, $636 millionand $610 millionin fiscal 2016, 2015and 2014, respectively. Amortization expense for customer relationships, trade names, trademarks, and other, and non-competition agreements is included in operating expenses and amounted to $1080 million, $1046 millionand $1091 millionin fiscal 2016, 2015and 2014, respectively. Estimated amortization expense for each of the five succeeding years as of September30, 2016, is as follows dollars in thousands:Year Ending September 30,Cost of RevenueOther Operating  of ContentsNUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.NOTESTO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL  ReceivableAccounts receivable, net consisted of the following dollars in thousands:September30, 2016September30, 2015Trade accounts  accounts receivable under long-term contracts14,88412,823Gross accounts receivable398,598390,518Less allowance for doubtful accounts11,0389,184Less allowance for sales returns7,5568,172Accounts receivable, net$380,004$373,1626.Land, Building and Equipment, NetLand, building and equipment, net consisted of the following dollars in thousands:Useful Life In YearsSeptember30, 2016September30,  and  software and   and  in  accumulated  building and equipment, net$185,169$186,007At September30, 2016and 2015, capitalized internally developed software costs, net were $426 millionand $437 million, respectively, which are included in computers, software and equipment and construction in progress. Depreciation expense for fiscal years 2016, 2015and 2014was $606 million, $624 millionand $517 million, respectively, which included amortization expense of $127 million, $136 millionand $79 million, respectively, for internally developed software costs7.Accrued Expenses and Other Current LiabilitiesAccrued expenses and other current liabilities consisted of the following dollars in thousands:September30, 2016September30,  interest payable 20,40911,793Cost of revenue related  and professional fees18,00111,939Facilities related liabilities7,3826,312Sales and marketing incentives6,5086,845Sales and other taxes  of ContentsNUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.NOTESTO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL  RevenueDeferred maintenance revenue consists of prepaid fees received for post-contract customer support for our products, including telephone support and the right to receive unspecified upgrades/updates on a when-and-if-available basis. Unearned revenue includes fees for up-front set-up of the service environment; fees charged for on-demand service; certain software arrangements for which we do not have fair value of post-contract customer support, resulting in ratable revenue recognition for the entire arrangement on a straight-line basis; and fees in excess of estimated earnings on percentage-of-completion service contracts.Deferred revenue consisted of the following dollars in thousands:September30, 2016September30, 2015Current Liabilities:Deferred maintenance  revenue183,271168,742Total current deferred  Liabilities:Deferred maintenance revenue$59,955$62,201Unearned revenue327,005281,251Total long-term deferred revenue$386,960$343,4529.Debt and Credit FacilitiesAt September30, 2016and 2015, we had the following borrowing obligations dollars in thousands:September30, 2016September30, 20155375%Senior Notes due 2020, net of unamortized premium of $30 million and $38 million, respectively, and deferred issuance costs of $73 million and $92 million, respectively. Effective interest rate  Notes due 2024, net of deferred issuance costs of $24 million. Effective interest rate 600%297,601100%Convertible Debentures due 2035, net of unamortized discount of $1635 million and deferred issuance costs of $82 million. Effective interest rate 562%504,712275%Convertible Debentures due 2031, net of unamortized discount of $192 million and $391 million, respectively, and deferred issuance costs of $11 million and $23 million, respectively. Effective interest rate  Debentures due 2035, net of unamortized discount of $517 million and $605 million, respectively, and deferred issuance costs of $19 million and $23 million, respectively. Effective interest rate 539%210,286201,117Deferred issuance costs related to our Revolving Credit Facility1,506Credit Facility, net of unamortized original issue discount of $08 million and deferred issuance costs of $18 million469,920Total long-term debt2,433,1522,107,913Less: current portion4,834Non-current portion of long-term debt$2,433,152$2,103,079In fiscal year 2016, we early adopted, and retroactively implemented ASU No. 2015-03, Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs. Under this new guidance, we are required to present debt issuance costs as a direct deduction from the related debt liability on our consolidated balance sheet. The cumulative effect of the change as of September30, 2015on other assets was a decrease of approximately $157 millionwith an offsetting adjustment to long-term portion of debt.The following table summarizes the maturities of our borrowing obligations as of September30, 2016dollars in thousands:73Table of ContentsNUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.NOTESTO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL  Debentures1Senior  before unamortized  unamortized discount and issuance  long-term  of the 10% 2035 Debentures have the right to require us to redeem the debentures on December 15, 2022, 2027 and 2032. Holders of the 2031 Debentures have the right to require us to redeem the debentures on November 1, 2017, 2021, and 2026. Holders of the 15% 2035 Debentures have the right to require us to redeem the debentures on November 1, 2021, 2026, and 2031. The estimated fair value of our long-term debt approximated $2,6303 millionface value $2,6871 million and $2,2491 millionface value $2,2202 million at September 30, 2016and 2015, respectively. These fair value amounts represent the value at which our lenders could trade our debt within the financial markets and do not represent the settlement value of these long-term debt liabilities to us at each reporting date. The fair value of the long-term debt will continue to vary each period based on fluctuations in market interest rates, as well as changes to our credit ratings. The Senior Notes and the Convertible Debentures are traded and the fair values of each borrowing was estimated using the averages of the bid and ask trading quotes at each respective reporting date. We had no outstanding balance on the Revolving Credit Facility at September 30, 2016, and no outstanding balance on the revolving credit agreement portion of our Credit Facility at September30, 20155375%Senior Notes due 2020 On August14, 2012, we issued $7000 millionaggregate principal amount of 5375% Senior Notes due on August15, 2020in a private placement. The net proceeds were approximately $6891 million, net of issuance costs, and bear interest at 5375%per year, payable in cash semi-annually in arrears. On October22, 2012, we issued, in a private placement, an additional $3500 millionaggregate principal amount of our 5375%Senior Notes due 2020 collectively the Notes. The Notes were issued pursuant to the indenture agreement dated August14, 2012, relating to our existing $7000 millionaggregate principal amount of 5375%Senior Notes due in 2020. Total proceeds received, net of issuance costs, were $3517 million.The Notes are our unsecured senior obligations and are guaranteed the Guarantees on an unsecured senior basis by certain of our domestic subsidiaries, the Subsidiary Guarantors. The Notes and Guarantees rank equally in right of payment with all of our and the Subsidiary Guarantors' existing and future unsecured senior debt and rank senior in right of payment to all of our and the Subsidiary Guarantors' future unsecured subordinated debt. The Notes and Guarantees effectively rank junior to all secured debt of our and the Subsidiary Guarantors to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such debt and to all liabilities, including trade payables, of our subsidiaries that have not guaranteed the Notes.At any time on or after August15, 2016, we may redeem all or a portion of the Notes at certain redemption prices expressed as percentages of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. Upon the occurrence of certain asset sales or a change in control, we must offer to repurchase the Notes at a price equal to 100%, in the case of an asset sale, or 101%, in the case of a change of control, of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the repurchase date60%Senior Notes due 2024 In June 2016, we issued $3000 millionaggregate principal amount of 60%Senior Notes due on July1, 2024the 2024 Senior Notes in a private placement. The proceeds from the 2024 Senior Notes were approximately $2975 million, net of issuance costs. The 2024 Senior Notes bear interest at 60%per year, payable in cash semi-annually in arrears.The 2024 Senior Notes are unsecured senior obligations and are guaranteed on an unsecured senior basis by our Subsidiary Guarantors. The 2024 Senior Notes and the guarantees rank equally in right of payment with all of our and the Subsidiary Guarantors existing and future unsecured senior debt, including our obligations and those of each such Subsidiary Guarantor under our senior 74Table of ContentsNUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.NOTESTO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSContinuedcredit facility, and rank senior in right of payment to all of our and the Subsidiary Guarantors future unsecured subordinated debt. The 2024 Senior Notes and guarantees effectively rank junior to all our secured debt and that of the Subsidiary Guarantors to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such debt and to all liabilities, including trade payables, of our subsidiaries that have not guaranteed the 2024 Senior Notes.At any time before July1, 2019, we may redeem all or a portion of the 2024 Senior Notes at a redemption price equal to 100%of the aggregate principal amount of the 2024 Senior Notes to be redeemed, plus a make-whole premium and accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. At any time on or after July1, 2019, we may redeem all or a portion of the 2024 Senior Notes at certain redemption prices expressed as percentages of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. At any time and from time to time before July1, 2019, we may redeem up to 35%of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the 2024 Senior Notes with the net cash proceeds received by us from certain equity offerings at a price equal to 106%of the aggregate principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date, provided that the redemption occurs no later than 120 daysafter the closing of the related equity offering, and at least 50%of the original aggregate principal amount of the 2024 Senior Notes remains outstanding immediately thereafter.Upon the occurrence of certain asset sales or a change in control, we must offer to repurchase the 2024 Senior Notes at a price equal to 100%in the case of an asset sale, or 101%in the case of a change of control, of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the repurchase date10%Convertible Debentures due 2035In December 2015, we issued $6765 millionin aggregate principal amount of 10%Senior Convertible Debentures due in 2035 the 10% 2035 Debentures. Total proceeds were $6638 million, net of issuance costs, and we used a portion to repurchase $383 millionin aggregate principal on our 275%Senior Convertible Debentures due in 2031 the 2031 Debentures and to repay the aggregate principal balance of $4725 millionon our term loan under the amended and restated credit agreement. The 10%2035 Debentures bear interest at 10% per year, payable in cash semi-annually in arrears, beginning on June 15, 2016. In addition to ordinary interest and default additional interest, beginning with the semi-annual interest period commencing on December 15, 2022, contingent interest will accrue during any regular semi-annual interest period where the average trading price of our 10%2035 Debentures for the ten trading day period immediately preceding the first day of such semi-annual period is greater than or equal to $1,200 per $1,000 principal amount of our 10%2035 Debentures, in which case, contingent interest will accrue at a rate of 050% per annum of such average trading price. The 10% 2035 Debentures mature on December15, 2035, subject to the right of the holders to require us to redeem the 10%2035 Debentures on December15, 2022, 2027, or 2032. The 10%2035 Debentures are general senior unsecured obligations and rank equally in right of payment with all of our existing and future unsecured, unsubordinated indebtedness and senior in right of payment to any indebtedness that is contractually subordinated to the 10%2035 Debentures. The 10%2035 Debentures will be effectively subordinated to indebtedness and other liabilities of our subsidiaries.We account separately for the liability and equity components of the 10%2035 Debentures in accordance with authoritative guidance for convertible debt instruments that may be settled in cash upon conversion. The guidance requires the carrying amount of the liability component to be estimated by measuring the fair value of a similar liability that does not have an associated conversion feature and record the remainder in stockholders equity. At issuance, we allocated $4954 millionto long-term debt, and $1811 millionhas been recorded as additional paid-in capital, which is being amortized to interest expense using the effective interest rate method through December 2022. If converted, the principal amount of the 10%2035 Debentures is payable in cash and any amounts payable in excess of the principal amount will based on an initial conversion rate, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately $2722per share, subject to adjustment be paid in cash or shares of our common stock, at our election, only in the following circumstances and to the following extent: i prior to June 15, 2035, on any date during any fiscal quarter beginning after March 31, 2016 and only during such fiscal quarter if the closing sale price of our common stock was more than 130%of the then current conversion price for at least 20trading days in the period of the 30consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the previous fiscal quarter; ii during the five consecutive business-day period following any fiveconsecutive trading-day period in which the trading price for $1,000principal amount of the 10%2035 Debentures for each day during such five trading-day period was less than 98%of the closing sale price of our common stock multiplied by the then current conversion rate; iii upon the occurrence of specified corporate transactions, as described in the indenture for the 10%2035 Debentures; or iv at the option of the holder at any time on or after June 15, 2035. Additionally, we may redeem the 10%2035 Debentures, in whole or in part, on or after December 20, 2022 for cash at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 10%2035 Debentures to be purchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest, including any additional interest to, but excluding, the repurchase date. Each holder shall have the right, at such holders option, to require us to repurchase all or any portion of the 10%2035 Debentures held by such holder on December 15, 2022, December 15, 2027, or December 15, 2032 at par plus accrued and unpaid interest. If we undergo a 75Table of ContentsNUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.NOTESTO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL  change or non-stock change of control as described in the indenture for the 10%2035 Debentures prior to maturity, holders will have the option to require us to repurchase all or any portion of their debentures for cash at a price equal to 100%of the principal amount of the 10%2035 Debentures to be purchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest, including any additional interest to, but excluding, the repurchase date. As of September30, 2016, none of the conversion criteria were met for the 10%2035 Debentures. If the conversion criteria were met, we could be required to repay all or some of the aggregate principal amount in cash prior to the maturity date275%Convertible Debentures due 2031On October24, 2011, we sold $6900 millionof 275%Convertible Debentures due in 2031in a private placement. Total proceeds, net of issuance costs, were $6761 million. The 2031Debentures bear interest at 275%per year, payable in cash semi-annually in arrears. The 2031Debentures mature on November1, 2031, subject to the right of the holders to require us to redeem the 2031Debentures on November1, 2017, 2021, and 2026. The 2031Debentures are general senior unsecured obligations and rank equally in right of payment with all of our existing and future unsecured, unsubordinated indebtedness and senior in right of payment to any indebtedness that is contractually subordinated to the 2031Debentures. The 2031Debentures will be effectively subordinated to indebtedness and other liabilities of our subsidiaries. We account separately for the liability and equity components of the 2031Debentures in accordance with authoritative guidance for convertible debt instruments that may be settled in cash upon conversion. At issuance, we allocated $5336 millionto long-term debt, and $1564 millionhas been recorded as additional paid-in capital, which is being amortized to interest expense using the effective interest rate method through November 2017.In June 2015, we entered into separate privately negotiated agreements with certain holders of our 2031Debentures to exchange, in a private placement, $2562 millionin aggregate principal amount of our 2031Debentures for approximately $2639 millionin aggregate principal amount of our 15% 2035 Debentures. Upon repurchase we recorded an extinguishment loss of $177 millionin other expense, net, in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. In December 2015, we entered into separate privately negotiated agreements with certain holders of our 2031 Debentures to repurchase $383 millionin aggregate principal with proceeds received from the issuance of our 10%2035 Debentures. Upon repurchase we recorded an extinguishment loss of $24 millionin other expense, net, in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. In accordance with the authoritative guidance for convertible debt instruments, a loss on extinguishment is equal to the difference between the reacquisition price and the net carrying amount of the extinguished debt for our 2031Debentures, including any unamortized debt discount or issuance costs. Following this activity, $3955 millionin aggregate principal amount of our 2031Debentures remain outstanding. The aggregate debt discount is being amortized to interest expense using the effective interest rate method through November 2017.If converted, the principal amount of the 2031Debentures is payable in cash and any amounts payable in excess of the principal amount will based on an initial conversion rate, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately $3230per share, subject to adjustment be paid in cash or shares of our common stock, at our election, only in the following circumstances and to the following extent: ion any date during any fiscal quarter and only during such fiscal quarter if the closing sale price of our common stock was more than 130%of the then current conversion price for at least 20trading days in the period of the 30consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the previous fiscal quarter; iiduring the fiveconsecutive business-day period following any fiveconsecutive trading-day period in which the trading price for $1,000principal amount of the 2031Debentures for each day during such five trading-day period was less than 98%of the closing sale price of our common stock multiplied by the then current conversion rate; iiiupon the occurrence of specified corporate transactions, as described in the indenture for the 2031Debentures; or ivat the option of the holder at any time on or after May1, 2031. Additionally, we may redeem the 2031Debentures, in whole or in part, on or after November6, 2017at par plus accrued and unpaid interest. Each holder shall have the right, at such holder option, to require us to repurchase all or any portion of the 2031Debentures held by such holder on November1, 2017,November1, 2021, and November1, 2026at par plus accrued and unpaid interest. If we undergo a fundamental change as described in the indenture for the 2031Debentures prior to maturity, holders will have the option to require us to repurchase all or any portion of their debentures for cash at a price equal to 100%of the principal amount of the debentures to be purchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest, including any additional interest to, but excluding, the repurchase date. As of September30, 2016and 2015, no conversion triggers were met. If the conversion triggers were met, we could be required to repay all or some of the aggregate principal amount in cash prior to the maturity date. 150%Convertible Debentures due 2035In June 2015, we issued $2639 millionin aggregate principal amount of 150%Senior Convertible Debentures due in 2035 the 15% 2035 Debentures in exchange for $2562 millionin aggregate principal amount of our 2031 Debentures. Total proceeds, net of issuance costs, were $2532 million. The 15% 2035 Debentures were issued at 9709%of the principal amount, which 76Table of ContentsNUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.NOTESTO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSContinuedresulted in a discount of $77 million. The 15% 2035 Debentures bear interest at 150%per year, payable in cash semi-annually in arrears, beginning on November 1, 2015. In addition to ordinary interest and default additional interest, beginning with the semi-annual interest period commencing on November 1, 2021, contingent interest will accrue during any regular semi-annual interest period where the average trading price of our 15% 2035 Debentures for the ten trading day period immediately preceding the first day of such semi-annual period is greater than or equal to $1,200 per $1,000 principal amount of our 15% 2035 Debentures, in which case, contingent interest will accrue at a rate of 050% per annum of such average trading price. The 15% 2035 Debentures mature on November 1, 2035, subject to the right of the holders to require us to redeem the 15% 2035 Debentures on November 1, 2021, 2026, or 2031. The 15% 2035 Debentures are general senior unsecured obligations and rank equally in right of payment with all of our existing and future unsecured, unsubordinated indebtedness and senior in right of payment to any indebtedness that is contractually subordinated to the 15% 2035 Debentures. The 15% 2035 Debentures will be effectively subordinated to indebtedness and other liabilities of our subsidiaries.We account separately for the liability and equity components of the 15% 2035 Debentures in accordance with authoritative guidance for convertible debt instruments that may be settled in cash upon conversion. At issuance, we allocated $2086 millionto long-term debt, and $553 millionhas been recorded as additional paid-in capital, which is being amortized to interest expense using the effective interest rate method through November 2021.If converted, the principal amount of the 15% 2035 Debentures is payable in cash and any amounts payable in excess of the principal amount, will based on an initial conversion rate, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately $2326per share, subject to adjustment be paid in cash or shares of our common stock, at our election, only in the following circumstances and to the following extent: i prior to May 1, 2035, on any date during any fiscal quarter beginning after September 30, 2015 and only during such fiscal quarter if the closing sale price of our common stock was more than 130%of the then current conversion price for at least 20trading days in the period of the 30consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the previous fiscal quarter; ii during the five consecutive business-day period following any fiveconsecutive trading-day period in which the trading price for $1,000principal amount of the 15% 2035 Debentures for each day during such five trading-day period was less than 98%of the closing sale price of our common stock multiplied by the then current conversion rate; iii upon the occurrence of specified corporate transactions, as described in the indenture for the 15% 2035 Debentures; or iv at the option of the holder at any time on or after May 1, 2035. Additionally, we may redeem the 15% 2035 Debentures, in whole or in part, on or after November 5, 2021 for cash at a price equal to 100%of the principal amount of the 15% 2035 Debentures to be purchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest, including any additional interest to, but excluding, the repurchase date. Each holder shall have the right, at such holders option, to require us to repurchase all or any portion of the 15% 2035 Debentures held by such holder on November 1, 2021, November 1, 2026, or November 1, 2031 at par plus accrued and unpaid interest. Upon repurchase, we will pay the principal amount in cash and any amounts payable in excess of the principal amount will be paid in cash or shares of our common stock, at our election, with the exception that we may not elect to pay cash in lieu of more than 80% of the number of our common shares we would be obligated to deliver. If we undergo a fundamental change as described in the indenture for the 15% 2035 Debentures prior to maturity, holders will have the option to require us to repurchase all or any portion of their debentures for cash at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 15% 2035 Debentures to be purchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest, including any additional interest to, but excluding, the repurchase date. As of September30, 2016and 2015, none of the conversion criteria were met for the 15% 2035 Debentures. If the conversion criteria were met, we could be required to repay all or some of the aggregate principal amount in cash prior to the maturity date.Revolving Credit FacilityIn April2016, we entered into a credit agreement that provides for a $2425 millionrevolving credit line, including letters of credit together, the Revolving Credit Facility. The Revolving Credit Facility matures on April15, 2021. As of September30, 2016, issued letters of credit in the aggregate amount of $40 millionwere treated as issued and outstanding when calculating the borrowing availability under the Revolving Credit Facility. As of September30, 2016, we had $2385 millionavailable for additional borrowing under the Revolving Credit Facility. Any amounts outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility will bear interest, at either iLIBOR plus an applicable margin of 150%or 175%, or iithe alternative base rate plus an applicable margin of 050%or 075%. The Revolving Credit Facility is secured by substantially all assets of ours and our Subsidiary Guarantors. The Revolving Credit Facility contains customary affirmative and negative covenants and conditions to borrowing, as well as customary events of default.Credit FacilityThe amended and restated credit agreement, entered into on August 7, 2013, includes a term loan and a $750 millionrevolving credit agreement, inclusive of any issued letters of credit together, the Credit Facility. In December 2015, we repaid the aggregate principal balance of $4725 millionon the term loan with proceeds received from the issuance of our 10%2035 Debentures. We recorded a loss of $25 millionon the extinguishment, representing the unamortized debt discount and issuance 77Table of ContentsNUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.NOTESTO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSContinuedcosts, in other expense, net, in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. In connection with entering into the Revolving Credit Facility on April 15, 2016, we terminated our $750 millionrevolving credit agreement10.Financial Instruments and Hedging ActivitiesDerivatives not Designated as HedgesForward Currency ContractsWe operate our business in countries throughout the world and transact business in various foreign currencies. Our foreign currency exposures typically arise from transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of our operations. We have a program that primarily utilizes foreign currency forward contracts to offset the risks associated with the effect of certain foreign currency exposures. Our program is designed so that increases or decreases in our foreign currency exposures are offset by gains or losses on the foreign currency forward contracts in order to mitigate the risks and volatility associated with our foreign currency transactions. Generally, we enter into such contracts for less than 90days and have no cash requirements until maturity. At September30, 2016and 2015, we had outstanding contracts with a total notional value of $2152 millionand $1385 million, respectively.We have not designated these forward contracts as hedging instruments pursuant to the authoritative guidance for derivatives and hedging, and accordingly, we record the fair value of these contracts at the end of each reporting period in our consolidated balance sheet, with the unrealized gains and losses recognized immediately in earnings as other expense, netin our consolidated statements of operations. The cash flows related to the settlement of these contracts are included in cash flows from investing activities within our consolidated statement of cash flows.Security Price GuaranteesFrom time to time we enter into agreements that allow us to issue shares of our common stock as part or all of the consideration related to business acquisitions, partnering and technology acquisition activities. Some of these shares are issued subject to security price guarantees, which are accounted for as derivatives. We have determined that these instruments would not be considered equity instruments if they were freestanding. Certain of the security price guarantees require payment from either us to a third party, or from a third party to us, based upon the difference between the price of our common stock on the issue date and an average price of our common stock approximately six months following the issue date. We have also issued minimum price guarantees that may require payments from us to a third party based on the average share price of our common stock approximately six months following the issue date if our stock price falls below the minimum price guarantee. Changes in the fair value of these security price guarantees are reported in other expense, netin our consolidated statements of operations. We have no outstanding shares subject to security price guarantees at September30, 2016. During the years ended September30, 2015and 2014, we paid cash totaling $03 millionand $53 million, respectively, upon the settlement of these agreements.The following table provides a quantitative summary of the fair value of our derivative instruments as of September30, 2016and 2015dollars in thousands:Fair ValueDerivatives Not Designated as Hedges:Balance Sheet ClassificationSeptember30, 2016September30, 2015Foreign currency contractsPrepaid expenses and other current assets$335$260Net fair value of non-hedged derivative instruments$335$260The following tables summarize the activity of derivative instruments for the fiscal years 2016, 2015and 2014dollars in thousands:Location of Gain Loss Recognized in IncomeAmount of Gain Loss Recognized in IncomeDerivatives Not Designated as Hedges:201620152014Foreign currency contractsOther expense,  price guaranteesOther expense, net$$204$4,35878Table of ContentsNUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.NOTESTO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSContinuedOther Financial InstrumentsFinancial instruments including cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts payable are carried in the consolidated financial statements at amounts that approximate their fair value based on the short maturities of those instruments. Marketable securities and derivative instruments are carried at fair value11.Fair Value MeasuresFair value is defined as the price that would be received for an asset, or paid to transfer a liability, in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Valuation techniques must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities required to be recorded at fair value, we consider the principal or most advantageous market in which we would transact and consider assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, such as inherent risk, transfer restrictions, and risk of nonperformance.The following summarizes the three levels of inputs required to measure fair value, of which the first two are considered observable and the third is considered unobservable:Level1.Quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets which we can access.Level2.Observable inputs other than those described as Level1.Level3.Unobservable inputs based on the best information available, including managements estimates and assumptions.Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis at September30, 2016and 2015consisted of dollars in thousands:September30, 2016Level 1Level 2Level 3TotalAssets:Money market fundsa$331,419 331,419US government agency securitiesa1,0021,002Time  paper, $38,108 at costb38,14238,142Corporate notes and bonds, $54,484 at costb54,53654,536Foreign currency exchange contractsb335335Total assets at fair  acquisition  liabilities at fair  of ContentsNUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.NOTESTO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL  2015Level 1Level 2Level 3TotalAssets:Money market fundsa$334,404 334,404US government agency securitiesa1,0001,000Time  paper, $3,491 at costb3,4933,493Corporate notes and bonds, $44,581 at costb44,53344,533Foreign currency exchange contractsb260260Total assets at fair  acquisition  liabilities at fair  market funds and U.S. government agency securities, included in cash and cash equivalents in the accompanying balance sheets, are valued at quoted market prices in active markets.bThe fair values of our time deposits, commercial paper, corporate notes and bonds, and foreign currency exchange contracts are based on the most recent observable inputs for similar instruments in active markets or quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active or are directly or indirectly observable. Time deposits are generally for terms of one year or less. The commercial paper and corporate notes and bonds mature within three years and have a weighted average maturity of 088 yearsas of September30, 2016. cThe fair value of our contingent consideration arrangements are determined based on our evaluation as to the probability and amount of any earn-out that will be achieved based on expected future performance by the acquired entity.The following table provides a summary of changes in fair value of our Level3 financial instruments for the years ended September30, 2016and 2015dollars in thousands:AmountBalance as of September 30, 2014$6,864Earn-out liability established at time of acquisition17,299Payments and foreign currency translation7,673Adjustments to fair value included in acquisition-related costs, net529Balance as of September 30, 201515,961Earn-out liability established at time of acquisition4,855Payments and foreign currency  to fair value included in acquisition-related costs, net2,315Balance as of September 30, 2016$8,240Our financial liabilities valued based upon Level 3 inputs are composed of contingent consideration arrangements relating to our acquisitions. We are contractually obligated to pay contingent consideration to the selling shareholders upon the achievement of specified objectives, including the achievement of future bookings and sales targets related to the products of the acquired entities and therefore are recorded as contingent consideration liabilities at the time of the acquisitions. We update our assumptions each reporting period based on new developments and record such amounts at fair value based on the revised assumptions until the consideration is paid upon the achievement of the specified objectives or eliminated upon failure to achieve the specified objectives.Contingent acquisition payment liabilities are scheduled to be paid in periods through fiscal year 2019. As of September30, 2016, we could be required to pay up to $172 millionfor contingent consideration arrangements if the specified objectives are achieved. We have determined the fair value of the liabilities for the contingent consideration based on a probability-weighted discounted cash flow analysis. This fair value measurement is based on significant inputs not observable in the market and thus represents a Level 3 measurement within the fair value hierarchy. The fair value of the contingent consideration liability associated 80Table of ContentsNUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.NOTESTO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSContinuedwith future payments was based on several factors, the most significant of which are the estimated cash flows projected from future product sales and the risk adjusted discount rate for the fair value measurement. 12.Restructuring and Other Charges, NetRestructuring and other charges, net include restructuring expenses together with other charges that are unusual in nature and are the result of unplanned events, and arise outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Restructuring expenses consist of employee severance costs and may also include charges for excess facility space and other contract termination costs. Other charges may include gains or losses on non-controlling strategic equity interests, litigation contingency reserves and gains or losses on the sale or disposition of certain non-strategic assets or product lines.The components of restructuring and other charges, net are as follows:201620152014Severance  of consolidating duplicate  restructuring  charges4855,6222,922Total restructuring and other charges, net$25,224$23,669$19,443The following table sets forth accrual activity relating to restructuring reserves for fiscal years 2016, 2015and 2014dollars in  at September 30,  charges, net13,3183,20316,521Non-cash adjustment12793805Cash  at September 30,  charges, net8,4719,57618,047Non-cash adjustment2,5382,538Cash  at September 30,  charges, net13,13311,60624,739Non-cash adjustment57164107Cash  at September 30,  of ContentsNUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.NOTESTO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL  and other charges, net by segment are as follows dollars in  RestructuringOther ChargesTotalFiscal Year  fiscal year  Year  fiscal year  Year  fiscal year  fiscal year 2016, we recorded restructuring charges of $247 million. The restructuring charges included $131 millionfor severance related to the reduction of approximately 452employees as part of our initiatives to reduce costs and optimize processes. The restructuring charges also included a $116 millioncharge for the closure of certain excess facility space. We expect that the remaining severance payments of $27 millionwill be substantially paid by the end of fiscal year 2017. We expect that the remaining payments of $111 millionfor the closure of excess facility space will be paid through fiscal year 2025, in accordance with the terms of the applicable leases.In addition, during fiscal year 2016, we have recorded certain other charges that totaled $05 millionfor litigation contingency reserves.Fiscal Year 2015For fiscal year 2015, we recorded restructuring charges of $180 million, which included $85 millionfor severance related to the reduction of approximately 200employees as part of our initiatives to reduce costs and optimize processes as well as the reduction of approximately 60employees that eliminated duplicative positions resulting from acquisitions in fiscal year 2014. The restructuring charges also included $96 millioncharge for the closure of certain excess facility space, including facilities acquired from acquisitions. In addition, during fiscal year 2015, we have recorded certain other charges that totaled $56 millionfor the impairment of certain long-lived assets as a result of our strategic realignment of our product portfolio and litigation contingency reserves82Table of ContentsNUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.NOTESTO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSContinuedFiscal Year 2014For fiscal year 2014, we recorded net restructuring charges of $165 million, which included a $133 millionseverance charge related to the reduction of headcount by approximately 250employees across multiple functions including the impact of eliminating duplicative positions resulting from acquisitions, and $32 millionprimarily resulting from the restructuring of facilities that will no longer be utilized.In addition, during fiscal year 2014, we have recorded certain other charges that totaled $29 millionprimarily for litigation contingency reserves13.Supplemental Cash Flow InformationCash paid for Interest and Income Taxes:Year Ended  in thousandsInterest  taxes paid$21,068$15,454$15,591Non Cash Investing and Financing Activities:From time to time, we issue shares of our common stock in connection with our business and asset acquisitions, including shares issued as payment for acquisitions, shares initially held in escrow, and shares issued as payment for contingent consideration, which is discussed in Notes 2and 3. In addition, in connection with certain collaboration agreements we have issued shares of our common stock to our partners in satisfaction of our payment obligations under the terms of the agreements, which is discussed in Notes2and 1014.Stockholders' EquityShare RepurchasesOn April29, 2013, our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program for up to $5000 millionof our outstanding shares of common stock. On April 29, 2015, our Board of Directors approved an additional $5000 millionunder our share repurchase program. We repurchased 94 millionshares, 198 millionshares and 16 millionshares for $1975 million, $2992 millionand $264 millionduring the fiscal years ended September30, 2016, 2015and 2014, respectively, under the program. These shares were retired upon repurchase. Since the commencement of the program, we have repurchased 407 millionshares for $7075 million, including 10 millionshares repurchased from our Chief Executive Officer in fiscal year 2016. Approximately $2925 millionremained available for share repurchases as of September30, 2016pursuant to our share repurchase program. Under the terms of the share repurchase program, we have the ability to repurchase shares from time to time through a variety of methods, which may include open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, block trades, accelerated share repurchase transactions, or any combination of such methods. The share repurchase program does not require us to acquire any specific number of shares and may be modified, suspended, extended or terminated by us at any time without prior notice. The timing and the amount of any purchases will be determined by management based on an evaluation of market conditions, capital allocation alternatives, and other factors. During fiscal year 2016, we changed our method of recognizing the amount paid to repurchase common shares in excess of the par value. Historically we allocated any excess of cost over par value between accumulated deficit and additional paid-in capital. Under our new method of accounting, we recognize any excess of cost over par value in additional paid-in capital. The resulting reclassification is not considered material as there is no impact to total shareholders equity and only represents a reclassification between individual equity line items. Accordingly, the financial data for all periods presented has been retrospectively adjusted to reflect the effect of this accounting change. The cumulative effect of the change on additional paid-in capital as of September 30, 2016, 2015, 2014 and 2013 was a decrease of approximately $6727 million, $3338 million, $2290 millionand $2182 million, respectively, with an offsetting adjustment to accumulated deficit83Table of ContentsNUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.NOTESTO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSContinuedRelated Party Share RepurchasesIn December 2015, as part of our share repurchase program, we repurchased 10 millionshares from our Chief Executive Officer, composed of 649,649outstanding shares and 800,000vested stock options with a net share equivalent of 350,351shares, for an aggregate purchase price of $214 million, which approximated the fair value of our common stock on the day of the repurchase.In March 2016, our Board of Directors approved a repurchase agreement with the Icahn Group to repurchase 263 millionshares of our common stock at a price of $1900per share, which approximated the fair value of our common stock on the day of the repurchase, for a total purchase price of $5000 millionthe Repurchase. At the closing of the Repurchase, we paid $3750 millionin cash and issued a promissory note in the amount of $1250 million. The promissory note bears interest at a rate per annum equal to approximately 264%and had a maturity date of June 13, 2016. On April 15, 2016, we fully repaid the promissory note. Immediately prior to the Repurchase, the Icahn Group owned approximately 608 millionshares, or approximately 20%, of our outstanding common stock. Based on publicly available information, as of September30, 2016, the Icahn Groups holdings of our common stock was approximately 197 millionshares, or 68%of our outstanding common stock. In connection with the Repurchase, David Schechter and Brett Icahn, the Icahn Group representatives on our Board of Directors, resigned from our Board of Directors.Stock IssuancesDuring the year ended September 30, 2016, we issued 403,325shares of our common stock to our partner in a healthcare collaboration agreement as settlement for a buy-out option and 5,749,807shares of our common stock as consideration for our acquisition of TouchCommerce, which are discussed in Notes 2 and 3. During the year ended September 30, 2015, we issued 288,148shares of our common stock as a settlement for a contingent earn-out obligation, which is discussed in Notes2and 10. During the years ended September 30, 2014, we issued 234,375shares, respectively, of our common stock as consideration under our collaboration agreements, which is discussed in Note 2. Preferred StockWe are authorized to issue up to 40,000,000shares of preferred stock, par value $0001per share. The undesignated shares of preferred stock will have rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions, including voting rights, dividend rights, conversion rights, redemption privileges and liquidation preferences, as shall be determined by the Board of Directors upon issuance of the preferred stock.Series A Preferred StockWe have designated 1,000,000shares as Series A Preferred Stock, par value $0001per share. The Series A Preferred Stock is entitled to receive dividends equal to the greater of $100and 1,000times the aggregate per share amount of all dividends declared on our Common Stock. Holders of each share of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to 1,000votes on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders of the Corporation, and shall vote as one class. The Series A Preferred Stock is not redeemable, and has the right to certain liquidation preferences over our Common Stock. The Series A Preferred Stock ranks junior to all other series of the Preferred Stock as to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets.Series B Preferred StockWe have designated 15,000,000shares as SeriesB Preferred Stock, par value $0001per share. The SeriesB Preferred Stock is convertible into shares of common stock on a one-for-onebasis and has a liquidation preference of $130per share plus all declared but unpaid dividends. The holders of SeriesB Preferred Stock are entitled to non-cumulative dividends at the rate of $005per annum per share, payable when, and if, declared by the Board of Directors. To date, no dividends have been declared by the Board of Directors. Holders of SeriesB Preferred Stock have no voting rights, except those rights provided under Delaware law. As of September30, 2016, there are no outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock84Table of ContentsNUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.NOTESTO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL  CompensationWe recognize stock-based compensation expense over the requisite service period. Our share-based awards are accounted for as equity instruments. The amounts included in the consolidated statements of operations relating to stock-based compensation are as follows dollars in thousands:201620152014Cost of product and licensing$376$516$724Cost of professional services and hosting31,05430,96832,063Cost of maintenance and  and  and  and  OptionsWe have share-based award plans under which employees, officers and directors may be granted stock options to purchase our common stock, generally at fair market value. Our plans do not allow for options to be granted at below fair market value, nor can they be re-priced at any time. Options granted under our plans become exercisable over various periods, typically 2to 4years and have a maximum term of 10years. We have also assumed options and option plans in connection with certain of our acquisitions. These stock options are governed by the plans and agreements that they were originally issued under but are now exercisable for shares of our common stock85Table of ContentsNUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.NOTESTO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSContinuedThe table below summarizes activity relating to stock options for the years ended September30, 2016, 2015and 2014:Number  at September30,  at September30,  at September30,  at September 30, 20161,965,826$150107 years$11millionExercisable at September 30, 20161,965,817$150107 years$11millionExercisable at September 30, 20152,923,298Exercisable at September 30,  aggregate intrinsic value in this table was calculated based on the positive difference, if any, between the closing market price of our common stock on September30, 2016$1450 and the exercise price of the underlying options.bWe repurchased 10 millionshares owned directly or indirectly by our Chief Executive Officer, composed of 649,649outstanding shares and 800,000vested stock options with a net share equivalent of 350,351shares, for an aggregate purchase price of $214 million.As of September30, 2016, there was nounamortized fair value of stock options. A summary of weighted-average grant-date including assumed options fair value and intrinsic value of stock options exercised is as  grant-date fair value per shareN/AN/A$571Total intrinsic value of stock options exercised in millions$86$44$33We use the Black-Scholes option pricing model to calculate the grant-date fair value of an award. The fair value of the assumed unvested stock options was calculated using a lattice model. There were no stock option grants in fiscal years 2016and 2015. For fiscal year 2014, the fair value of the stock options granted and unvested options assumed from acquisitions were calculated using the following weighted-average  yieldN/AN/A00%Expected volatilityN/AN/A382%Average risk-free interest rateN/AN/A11%Expected term in yearsN/AN/A4186Table of ContentsNUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.NOTESTO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSContinuedThe dividend yield of zerois based on the fact that we have never paid cash dividends and have no present intention to pay cash dividends. Expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of our common stock over the period commensurate with the expected life of the options and the historical implied volatility from traded options with a term of 180 daysor greater. The risk-free interest rate is derived from the average U.S.Treasury STRIPS rate during the period, which approximates the rate in effect at the time of grant, commensurate with the expected life of the instrument. We estimate the expected term of options granted based on historical exercise behavior.Restricted AwardsWe are authorized to issue equity incentive awards in the form of Restricted Awards, including Restricted Units and Restricted Stock, which are individually discussed below. Unvested Restricted Awards may not be sold, transferred or assigned. The fair value of the Restricted Awards is measured based upon the market price of the underlying common stock as of the date of grant, reduced by the purchase price of $0001per share of the awards. The unvested Restricted Awards generally are subject to vesting over a period of twoto fouryears. We also issued certain Restricted Awards with vesting solely dependent on the achievement of specified performance targets. The fair value of the Restricted Awards is amortized to expense over the awards applicable requisite service periods using the straight-line method. In the event that the employees employment with us terminates, or in the case of awards with only performance goals, if those goals are not met, any unvested shares are forfeited and revert to us.In order to satisfy our employees withholding tax liability as a result of the vesting of Restricted Awards, we have historically repurchased shares upon the employees vesting. In fiscal year 2016, we withheld payroll taxes totaling $684 millionrelating to 36 millionshares of common stock that were repurchased or canceled. Based on our estimate of the Restricted Awards that will vest or be released in fiscal year 2017, and further assuming that approximately one-third of these Restricted Awards would be repurchased or canceled to satisfy the employees withholding tax liability such amount approximating the tax rate of our employees, we would have an obligation to pay cash relating to approximately 30 millionshares during fiscal year 2017.Restricted UnitsRestricted Units are not included in issued and outstanding common stock until the shares are vested and released. The table below summarizes activity relating to Restricted Units:Number of SharesUnderlyingRestricted Units Contingent AwardsNumber of SharesUnderlyingRestricted Units Time-BasedAwardsOutstanding at September30,  at September30,  at September30,  at September30,  average remaining recognition period of outstanding Restricted Units13 years18 yearsUnearned stock-based compensation expense of outstanding Restricted Units$399 million$721 millionAggregate intrinsic value of outstanding Restricted Units1$613 million$854 million1The aggregate intrinsic value on this table was calculated based on the positive difference between the closing market value of our common stock on September30, 2016$1450 and the exercise price of the underlying Restricted Units87Table of ContentsNUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.NOTESTO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSContinuedA summary of weighted-average grant-date fair value, including those assumed in respective periods, and intrinsic value of all Restricted Units vested is as  grant-date fair value per share$1893$1547$1546Total intrinsic value of shares vested in  Stock AwardsRestricted Stock is included in the issued and outstanding common stock in these financial statements at the date of grant. The table below summarizes activity relating to Restricted Stock:Number ofSharesUnderlyingRestricted StockWeightedAverage GrantDate FairValueOutstanding at September 30,  at September30,  at September 30,  at September 30, 2016$A summary of weighted-average grant-date fair value, including those assumed in respective periods, and the intrinsic value of all Restricted Stock vested is as  grant-date fair value per shareN/AN/A$1571Total intrinsic value of shares vested in millions$43$79$781995 Employee Stock Purchase PlanOur 1995 Employee Stock Purchase Plan the Plan, as amended and restated on January27, 2015, authorizes the issuance of a maximum of 20,000,000shares of common stock in semi-annual offerings to employees at a price equal to the lower of 85%of the closing price on the applicable offering commencement date or 85%of the closing price on the applicable offering termination date. Stock-based compensation expense for the employee stock purchase plan is recognized for the fair value benefit accorded to participating employees. At September30, 2016, we have reserved 7,724,427shares for future issuance. A summary of the weighted-average grant-date fair value, shares issued and total stock-based compensation expense recognized related to the Plan are as  grant-date fair value per share$397$361$398Total shares issued in millions121414Total stock-based compensation expense in millions$48$47$5688Table of ContentsNUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.NOTESTO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSContinuedThe fair value of the purchase rights granted under this plan was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model that uses the following weighted-average assumptions, which were derived in a manner similar to those discussed above relative to stock options:201620152014Dividend yield00%00%00%Expected  risk-free interest rate05%01%01%Expected term in years05050516.Commitments and ContingenciesOperating LeasesWe have various operating leases for office space around the world. In connection with many of our acquisitions, we assumed facility lease obligations. Among these assumed obligations are lease payments related to office locations that were vacated by certain of the acquired companies prior to the acquisition date. Additionally, certain of our lease obligations have been included in various restructuring charges Note12. The following table outlines our gross future minimum payments under all non-cancelable operating leases as of September30, 2016dollars in thousands:Year Ending September 30,Operating LeasesOperating leases under  September30, 2016, we have subleased certain office space that is included in the above table to third parties. Total sublease income under contractual terms for restructured facilities is $581 million,and ranges from approximately $53 millionto $77 millionon an annual basis through August 2025. Sublease income related to other operating facilities is minimal.Total rent expense, including rent expense for our data centers, was approximately $383 million, $418 millionand $475 millionfor the years ended September30, 2016, 2015and 2014, respectively.Litigation and Other ClaimsSimilar to many companies in the software industry, we are involved in a variety of claims, demands, suits, investigations and proceedings that arise from time to time relating to matters incidental to the ordinary course of our business, including actions with respect to contracts, intellectual property, employment, benefits and securities matters. We have estimated the amount of probable losses that may result from all currently pending matters, and such amounts are reflected in our consolidated financial statements. These recorded amounts are material neither to our consolidated financial position nor results of operations and no additional material losses related to these pending matters are reasonably possible. While it is not possible to predict the outcome of these matters with certainty, we do not expect the results of any of these actions to have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position. However, each of these matters is subject to uncertainties, the actual losses may prove to be larger or smaller than the accruals reflected in our consolidated financial statements, and we could incur judgments or enter into settlements of claims that could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 89Table of ContentsNUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.NOTESTO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL  and OtherWe include indemnification provisions in the contracts we enter into with customers and business partners. Generally, these provisions require us to defend claims arising out of our products infringement of third-party intellectual property rights, breach of contractual obligations and/or unlawful or otherwise culpable conduct. The indemnity obligations generally cover damages, costs and attorneys fees arising out of such claims. In most, but not all cases, our total liability under such provisions is limited to either the value of the contract or a specified, agreed upon amount. In some cases our total liability under such provisions is unlimited. In many, but not all cases, the term of the indemnity provision is perpetual. While the maximum potential amount of future payments we could be required to make under all the indemnification provisions is unlimited, we believe the estimated fair value of these provisions is minimal due to the low frequency with which these provisions have been triggered.We indemnify our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, which provides among other things, indemnification to directors and officers for expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and settlement amounts incurred by such persons in their capacity as a director or officer of the company, regardless of whether the individual is serving in any such capacity at the time the liability or expense is incurred. Additionally, in connection with certain acquisitions we have agreed to indemnify the former officers and members of the boards of directors of those companies, on similar terms as described above, for a period of sixyears from the acquisition date. In certain cases we purchase director and officer insurance policies related to these obligations, which fully cover the sixyear period. To the extent that we do not purchase a director and officer insurance policy for the full period of any contractual indemnification, and such directors and officers do not have coverage under separate insurance policies, we would be required to pay for costs incurred, if any, as described above17.Pension and Other Post-Retirement BenefitsDefined Contribution PlansWe have established a retirement savings plan under Section401k of the Internal Revenue Code the 401k Plan. The 401k Plan covers substantially all of our U.S.employees who meet minimum age and service requirements, and allows participants to defer a portion of their annual compensation on a pre-tax basis. Effective July1, 2003, a company match of employees contributions was established. We match 50%of employee contributions up to 4%of eligible salary. Employer contributions vest one-third annually over a three-year period. Our contributions to the 401k Plan that covers substantially all of our U.S.employees who meet the minimum requirements totaled $66 million, $69 millionand $69 millionfor fiscal years 2016, 2015and 2014, respectively. We make contributions to various other plans in certain of our foreign operations; total contributions to these plans are not material.Defined Benefit Pension PlansWe sponsor certain defined benefit pension plans that are offered primarily by our foreign subsidiaries. Many of these plans were assumed through our acquisitions or are required by local regulatory requirements. We may deposit funds for these plans with insurance companies, third party trustees, or into government-managed accounts consistent with local regulatory requirements, as applicable. Our total defined benefit plan pension expenses were $01 million, $03 millionand $02 millionfor fiscal years 2016, 2015and 2014, respectively. The aggregate projected benefit obligation and aggregate net liability of our defined benefit plans as of September30, 2016was $321 millionand $82 million, respectively, and as of September30, 2015was $355 millionand $73 million, respectively18.Income TaxesThe components of income lossbefore income taxes are as follows dollars in thousands:Year Ended  loss before income  of ContentsNUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.NOTESTO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSContinuedThe components of the provision benefitfor income taxes are as follows dollars in thousands:Year Ended    benefit for income  income tax rate8164%429%30%The provision benefitfor income taxes differed from the amount computed by applying the federal statutory rate to our income lossbefore income taxes as follows dollars in  tax benefit at statutory  tax provision, net of federal benefit1373,278416Foreign tax rate and other foreign related tax  earnings, net of foreign tax credits71,343Stock-based   in U.S. and foreign valuation   benefit for income  effective income tax rate is based upon the income for the year, the composition of the income in different countries, changes relating to valuation allowances for certain countries if and as necessary, and adjustments, if any, for the potential tax consequences, benefits or resolutions of audits or other tax contingencies. Our aggregate income tax rate in foreign jurisdictions is lower than our income tax rate in the United States; the majority of our income before provision for income taxes from foreign operations has been earned by subsidiaries in Ireland. Our effective tax rate may be adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in countries where we have lower statutory tax rates and higher than anticipated in countries where we have higher statutory tax rates.The effective income tax rate in fiscal year 2016 differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 35% primarily due to current period losses in the United States that require an additional valuation allowance that provide no benefit to the provision, an increase in indefinite lived deferred tax liabilities, and a net increase in tax related to a one-time repatriation of foreign earnings offset by the utilization of previously unbenefited domestic loss and credit carryforwards. These were partially offset by our earnings in foreign operations that are subject to a significantly lower tax rate than U.S. statutory tax rate, driven primarily by our subsidiaries in Ireland, and a $221 millionrelease of domestic valuation allowance as a result of tax benefits recorded in connection with our acquisitions during the period for which a deferred tax liability was established in purchase accounting.The effective income tax rates in fiscal year 2015 differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 35%primarily due to current period losses in the United States that require an additional valuation allowance that provide no benefit to the provision and an increase to indefinite lived deferred tax liabilities, partially offset by our earnings in foreign operations that are subject to a significantly lower tax rate than the U.S. statutory tax rate, driven primarily by our subsidiaries in Ireland91Table of ContentsNUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.NOTESTO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSContinuedThe effective income tax rate in fiscal 2014 differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 35%primarily due to a $312 millionrelease of domestic valuation allowance as a result of tax benefits recorded in connection with our acquisitions during the period for which a deferred tax liability was established in purchase accounting. In addition, the effective income tax rate in fiscal 2014 was impacted by our foreign operations which are subject to a significantly lower tax rate than the U.S. statutory tax rate, driven primarily by our subsidiaries in Ireland.In March 2016, our Board of Directors approved an agreement with the Icahn Group to repurchase 263 millionshares of our common stock at a price of $1900per share, for a total purchase price of $5000 million. The Repurchase was funded with domestic and foreign cash. The Repurchase was initiated by the Icahn Group in January 2016 and was a one-time, unforeseen event prior to the initiation. We have authorized the repatriation of $2500 millionforeign earnings previously considered indefinitely reinvested to fund the Repurchase, of which $1890 millionwas repatriated in fiscal year 2016 and $610 millionremains available for repatriation in the future. As a result of the fiscal year 2016 repatriation, we have recorded a $07 millionincrease to our provision for income taxes, net of benefit from the use of U.S. Federal net operating losses and credit carryforwards. This one-time event does not change our ability or intent to indefinitely reinvest the remaining undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries.As of September30, 2016, the cumulative amount of undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries amounted to $3936 million. We have not provided taxes on $3232 millionof undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries that we consider indefinitely reinvested. Our indefinite reinvestment determination is based on the future operational and capital requirements of our domestic and foreign operations. We expect the cash held by our foreign subsidiaries of $1165 millionwill continue to be used for our foreign operations and therefore do not anticipate repatriating these funds. As of September30, 2016, it is not practical to calculate the unrecognized deferred tax liability on these earnings due to the complexities of the utilization of foreign tax credits and other tax assets.Deferred tax assets liabilities consist of the following at September30, 2016and 2015dollars in thousands:20162015Deferred tax assets:Net operating loss  and state credit  expenses and other  in timing of revenue related items59,81833,489Deferred  deferred tax assets415,911454,200Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets110,172241,782Net deferred tax assets305,739212,418Deferred tax  debt101,81039,935Acquired  earnings of foreign subsidiaries20,788Net deferred tax  as:Other assets$21,264$16,845Long-term deferred tax  deferred tax  fiscal year 2016, we early adopted, and retroactively implemented ASU No. 2015-17, Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes. Under this new guidance, we are required to present deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities, and any related valuation allowances, as noncurrent on our consolidated balance sheet. The cumulative effect of the change as of September 30, 2015 on current and long-term deferred tax assets was a decrease of approximately $573 millionand $04 million, respectively, 92Table of ContentsNUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.NOTESTO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSContinuedwith an offsetting adjustment to long-term deferred tax liabilities. Current deferred tax assets were included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and long-term deferred tax assets were included in other assets within our consolidated balance sheet.Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance if, based on the weight of available positive and negative evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. During fiscal year 2016, the valuation allowance for net deferred tax assets decreased by $1316 million. This decrease mainly relates to the release of valuation allowance against our net domestic deferred tax assets in connection with net operating losses utilized associated with the one-time repatriation in fiscal year 2016 and the recording of deferred tax liabilities related to the issuance of convertible debt as well as acquisitions. As of September30, 2016, we have $751 millionand $351 millionin valuation allowance against our net domestic and foreign deferred tax assets, respectively. As of September30, 2015, we had $1925 millionand $493 millionin valuation allowance against our net domestic and foreign deferred tax assets, respectively. The majority of deferred tax assets relate to net operating losses, the use of which may not be available as a result of limitations on the use of acquired losses. With respect to these operating losses, there is no assurance that they will be used given the current assessment of the limitations on their use or our current projection of future taxable income in the entities for which these losses relate. Based on our analysis, we have concluded that it is not more likely than not that the majority of our deferred tax assets can be realized and therefore a valuation allowance has been assigned to these deferred tax assets. If we are subsequently able to utilize all or a portion of the deferred tax assets for which a valuation allowance has been established, then we may be required to recognize these deferred tax assets through the reduction of the valuation allowance which could result in a material benefit to our results of operations in the period in which the benefit is determined. At September30, 2016and 2015, we had U.S.federal net operating loss carryforwards of $6279 millionand $8721 million, respectively, of which $1996 millionand $1864 millionat September30, 2016and September30, 2015, respectively, relate to tax deductions from stock-based compensation which will be recorded as additional paid-in-capital when realized. At September30, 2016and 2015, we had state net operating loss carryforwards of $2648 millionand $3034 million, respectively. The net operating loss and credit carryforwards are subject to an annual limitation due to the ownership change limitations provided by the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and similar state tax provisions. At September30, 2016and 2015, we had foreign net operating loss carryforwards of $1782 millionand $2226 million, respectively. These carryforwards will expire at various dates beginning in 2017and extending up to an unlimited period.At September30, 2016and 2015, we had federal research and development carryforwards and foreign tax credit carryforwards of $522 millionand $345 million, respectively. At September30, 2016and 2015, we had state research and development credit carryforwards of $78 millionand $62 million, respectively. At September30, 2016and 2015, we had foreign investment tax credit carryforwards of $131 millionand $143 million, respectively.Uncertain Tax PositionsWe establish reserves for tax uncertainties that reflect the use of the comprehensive model for the recognition and measurement of uncertain tax positions. Under the comprehensive model, reserves are established when we have determined that it is more likely than not that a tax position will or will not be sustained and at the greatest amount for which the result is more likely than not.The aggregate changes in the balance of our gross unrecognized tax benefits were as follows dollars in  at beginning of year$22,184$21,234Increases for tax positions taken during current period3,5072,935Increases for interest and penalty charges2,187574Decreases for tax settlements and lapse in statutes5452,559Balance at end of year$27,333$22,184As of September30, 2016, $273 millionof the unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized, would impact our effective tax rate. We do not expect a significant change in the amount of unrecognized tax benefits within the next 12 months. We recognized interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in our provision for income taxes and had accrued $22 millionof such interest and penalties as of September30, 201693Table of ContentsNUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.NOTESTO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSContinuedWe are subject to U.S.federal income tax, various state and local taxes, and international income taxes in numerous jurisdictions. The federal tax returns for 1999 through 2012 remain subject to examination for the purpose of determining the amount of remaining tax NOL and other carryforwards. The 2013 through 2015years remain open for all purposes of examination by the IRS and other taxing authorities in material jurisdictions19.Segment and Geographic Information and Significant CustomersWe operate in, and report financial information for, the following fourreportable segments: Healthcare, Mobile, Enterprise, and Imaging. Segment profit is an important measure used for evaluating performance and for decision-making purposes and reflects the direct controllable costs of each segment together with an allocation of sales and corporate marketing expenses, and certain research and development project costs that benefit multiple product offerings. Segment profit represents income loss from operationsexcluding stock-based compensation, amortization of intangible assets, acquisition-related costs, net, restructuring and other charges, net, costs associated with intellectual property collaboration agreements, other expense, netand certain unallocated corporate expenses. We believe that these adjustments allow for more complete comparisons to the financial results of the historical operations.The Healthcare segment is primarily engaged in clinical speech and clinical language understanding solutions that improve the clinical documentation process - from capturing the complete patient record to improving clinical documentation and quality measures for reimbursement. The Mobile segment is primarily engaged in providing a broad portfolio of specialized virtual assistants and connected services built on voice recognition, text-to-speech, natural language understanding, dialog, and text input technologies. Our Enterprise segment is primarily engaged in using speech, natural language understanding, and artificial intelligence to provide automated customer solutions and services for voice, mobile, web and messaging channels. The Imaging segment is primarily engaged in software solutions and expertise that help professionals and organizations to gain optimal control of their document and information processes through scanning and print management.During the first quarter of fiscal year 2016, we reorganized the organizational management and oversight of our Dragon Consumer business, which was previously reported within our Mobile segment and has now been moved into our Healthcare segment. During the second quarter of fiscal year 2016, we reclassified certain government payroll incentive credits previously reported in the general and administrative expense to research and development expense, cost of revenue, and sales and marketing. Accordingly, the segment results in prior periods have been recast to conform to the current period segment reporting presentation94Table of ContentsNUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.NOTESTO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSContinuedWe do not track our assets by operating segment. Consequently, it is not practical to show assets by operating segment or depreciation by operating segment. The following table presents segment results along with a reconciliation of segment profit to income loss before income taxesdollars in thousands:Year Ended   segment  related revenue  consolidated   segment  expenses and other,  revenues and costs of revenue  stock-based  of intangible  costs,  and other charges,  associated with IP collaboration  expense,  loss before income  revenues differ from reported revenues due to certain revenue adjustments related to acquisitions that would otherwise have been recognized but for the purchase accounting treatment of the business combinations. These revenues are included to allow for more complete comparisons to the financial results of historical operations and in evaluating management performance. No country outside of the United States provided greater than 10% of our total revenue. Revenue, classified by the major geographic areas in which our customers are located, was as follows dollars in thousands:201620152014United  of ContentsNUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.NOTESTO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSContinuedNo country outside of the United States held greater than 10% of our long-lived or total assets. Our long-lived assets, including intangible assets and goodwill, were located as follows dollars in thousands:September30, 2016September30, 2015United  Data UnauditedThe following information has been derived from unaudited consolidated financial statements that, in the opinion of management, include all recurring adjustments necessary for a fair statement of such information dollars in thousands, except per share    loss  loss income per  average common shares     loss per  average common shares  of ContentsItem 1.Business1Item! 1A.Risk Factors7Item 1B.Unresolved Staff Comments16Item 2.Properties16Item 3.Legal Proceedings16Item! 4.Mine Safety Disclosures16PARTIIItem 5.Controls and ProceduresDisclosure Controls and ProceduresOur management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed ito ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed and summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SECs rules and forms and iito ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of September30, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective.Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial ReportingManagement is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules13a-15f and 15d-15f under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets;provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and,provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions and that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.Management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September30, 2016, utilizing the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in the 2013 Internal Control-Integrated Framework 2013 framework. Managements assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting did not include the internal controls of TouchCommerce, Inc., which was acquired on August 16, 2016, and which is included in the consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2016, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year then ended. TouchCommerce, Inc. constituted 03%and 04%of total assets and net assets, respectively, as of September 30, 2016, and 03%and 217%of revenues and net loss, respectively, for the year then ended. Based on the results of this assessment, management including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer has concluded that, as of September30, 2016, our internal control over financial reporting was effective.The attestation report concerning the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September30, 2016issued by BDO USA, LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, appears in Item8 of this Annual Report on Form10-K.Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial ReportingThere have been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting97Table of Contents