Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for additional information.  Other Income, net  The
following table presents a breakdown of other income, net:  Fiscal Years Ended in thousands January 2, 2005 December28,2003 Interest income 2,920 07 2,425 10 Interest expense 3,861 07 1,162 05 Foreign currency gain loss, net 394 33 Other income expense 665 1,098 05 Total 118 2,394 10  Other income, net
consists primarily of interest income, less interest expense. Other income, net, decreased to $01 million for the year ended January 2, 2005, from $24 million during the year ended December 28, 2003. The decrease in other income, net, for fiscal
2004 was primarily due to a full year of interest expense associated with our 125% subordinated convertible notes issued in July 2003 and interest expense associated with our 1875% subordinated convertible notes issued in November 2004.
Provision for Benefit from Income Taxes 
We recorded a $453 million tax provision resulting primarily from the
establishment of a full valuation allowance against our net U.S deferred tax assets during the year ended January 2, 2005. We recorded a tax benefit of 385% for the year ended December 28, 2003. Our effective tax rate differs from the U.S federal
statutory rate of 35% primarily due to the impact of state taxes on domestic operations, foreign taxes on international operations and the change in valuation allowance. 
23 Table of Contents
Net Loss 
The following table presents a reconciliation of operating loss to net loss:  Fiscal Years Ended in thousands January2,2005 December28,2003 Operating loss 26,927 55,824 Other income, net 118 2,394 Loss before income taxes 26,809 53,430 Provision for benefit from income taxes 45,313 20,571 Net loss 72,122 32,859  The net loss for the
year ended January 2, 2005 was $721 million compared to net loss of $329 million for the year ended December 28, 2003. The net loss for fiscal 2004 was higher than the net loss for fiscal 2003 primarily due to our recording of a non-cash charge of
$450 million to establish a full valuation allowance against our net U.S. deferred tax assets as well as the in-process research and development charge and increased amortization of purchased intangibles resulting from the LGP Allgon acquisition.
For fiscal year 2004, our improved operating performance was largely due to cost reduction activities such as the outsourcing of manufacturing operations to Asia taken during fiscal year 2003, and the realization of cost synergies from the
consolidation of LGP Allgon manufacturing activities. The significant increase in overall revenue due to the LGP Allgon acquisition also contributed to the improved performance.  Years ended December 28, 2003 and December 29, 2002  Net Sales  For fiscal years 2003 and 2002, our sales were derived primarily from the sale of radio frequency power amplifiers for use in wireless communications
networks. Sales decreased by 38% to $2391 million, for the year ended December 28, 2003, from $3849 million, for the year ended December 29, 2002. This decrease was primarily due to an overall reduction in demand resulting from the significant
economic downturn that impacted the wireless communications industry that resulted in curtailed wireless infrastructure spending and reduced average selling prices.  The following table presents an analysis of our net sales based upon the geographic area to which a product was shipped:  Fiscal Years Ended in thousands Geographic Area
December 28, 2003 December 29, 2002 North America 128,350
537 257,009
668 Asia 31,974
134 37,460
97 Europe and other international 78,745
329 90,420
235 Total sales 239,069
1000 384,889
1000  Net sales in each
geographic region were lower in fiscal 2003 as compared to fiscal 2002 primarily as a result of the fiscal 2003 industry-wide reduction in wireless infrastructure spending.  For the year ended December 28, 2003, total sales to Nortel accounted for approximately 57% of sales and sales to Nokia
accounted for 10% or more of sales for such period. For the year ended December 29, 2002, total sales to Nortel accounted for approximately 49% of sales and sales to Cingular Wireless and Nokia each accounted for 10% or more of sales. Reduced demand
for our products negatively impacted our revenues and operating results during the second half of fiscal 2002 and continued to do so during fiscal 2003.  Cost of Sales and Gross Profit  The following table presents an analysis of our gross profit:  Fiscal Years Ended in thousands December 28, 2003 December 29, 2002 Net sales 239,069
1000 384,889
1000 Cost of sales Cost of goods 214,247
896 320,963
834 Intangible asset amortization 756
03 1,144
03 Restructuring and impairment charges 7,851
33 Total cost of sales 222,854
932 322,107
837 Gross profit 16,215
68 62,782
163 
24 Table of Contents
The reduction in our gross profit margins during fiscal 2003 as compared to fiscal 2002 was due to
several factors, the primary factor being the significant reduction in revenues which resulted in lower absorption of our manufacturing overhead expenses and increased labor costs when viewed as a percentage of revenues. In addition, approximately
$79 million of restructuring charges relating to severance costs and the write-down of excess equipment and certain product/technology intangibles were recorded in cost of sales during fiscal 2003. There were no restructuring charges included in
cost of sales during fiscal 2002. See Note 9. Restructuring and Impairment Charges in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.
Operating Expenses  The following table presents a breakdown of our operating expenses by
functional category and as a percentage of net sales:  Fiscal Years Ended in thousands Operating Expenses
December 28, 2003 December 29, 2002 Sales and marketing 11,557
48 11,384
30 Research and development 38,928
163 33,087
86 General and administrative 13,946
58 14,401
37 Restructuring and impairment charges 7,608
32 Total operating expenses 72,039
301 58,872
153  Sales and marketing
expenses increased by $02 million, or 15%, during fiscal 2003 as compared to fiscal 2002. While sales and marketing expenses remained relatively constant over the two years, we spent more on customer demonstration and trial units during fiscal
2003, which was offset by a reduction in sales commissions due to lower total sales compared to fiscal 2002.  Research and development expenses increased by $58 million, or 176%, during fiscal 2003 as compared to fiscal 2002. This increase was primarily
attributable to material and personnel costs associated with prototype and pre-production product development builds and other product development activities that occurred during fiscal 2003 as we pursued more new customer opportunities. 
General and administrative expenses decreased by $05 million, or 32 during fiscal 2003 as compared to fiscal 2002 due to cost control efforts.  Restructuring and impairment charges amounted to $76 million during fiscal 2003 compared to no such charges during fiscal 2002. These charges related primarily to our write-down of goodwill, as well as engineering
test equipment and certain customer related intangibles, and severance payments made in connection with a reduction to our work force. See Note 5. Goodwill and Note 9. Restructuring and Impairment Charges in the Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for additional information.  Other Income, net  The following table presents a breakdown of other income, net:  Fiscal Years Ended in thousands December28,2003 December29,2002 Interest income 2,425 2,664 Interest expense 1,162 81 Foreign currency gain loss, net 33 36 Other income expense 1,098 584 Total 2,394 1,963 
25 Table of Contents
Other income, net increased slightly to $24 million for the year ended December 28, 2003, from $20
million during the year ended December 29, 2002. The slight increase in other income for fiscal 2003 was primarily due to increased interest income resulting from higher average cash investment balances during fiscal 2003 as compared to fiscal 2002,
offset by the interest expense associated with the subordinated convertible notes issued in July 2003.  Provision for Benefit from Income Taxes  We recorded a tax benefit at a rate of 385% during the year ended December 28, 2003 as compared to a tax provision of 300% for the year ended December
29, 2002. Our effective tax rate differed from the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 35% primarily due to the impact of state taxes on domestic operations and foreign taxes on non-U.S. operations.  Net Income Loss  The following table presents a reconciliation of operating income loss to
net income loss:  Fiscal Years Ended in thousands December28,2003 December29,2002
Operating income loss 55,824 3,910
Other income, net 2,394 1,963 Income loss before income taxes 53,430 5,873
Provision for benefit from income taxes 20,571 1,762 Net income loss 32,859 4,111  The net loss for the
year ended December 28, 2003 was $329 million compared to net income of $41 million for the year ended December 29, 2002. The net loss recorded during fiscal 2003 was primarily due to the decline in revenues combined with lower gross profit
margins, as well as our restructuring and impairment charges recorded in fiscal 2003.  Restructuring and Impairment Charges  Integration with LGP Allgon  In connection
with our acquisition of LGP Allgon during the second quarter of fiscal 2004, the Company formulated and began to implement its plan to restructure and integrate LGP Allgons operations with Powerwaves operations. As a result, we recorded
a restructuring charge related to our legacy operations of approximately $26 million during fiscal 2004 in accordance with SFAS No. 146, Accounting for Costs Associated with Exit or Disposal Activities. This amount included
approximately $22 million in connection with workforce reductions of approximately 100 employees at various operating locations and $04 million in connection with future lease obligations and asset write-downs related to the closure of our
facility in Long Island, New York, and the consolidation of engineering facilities in El Dorado Hills, California. Based on the job classification of the impacted employees or the characterization of the underlying assets and lease expenses,
approximately $05 million of this restructuring charge was recorded in cost of sales and approximately $21 million was recorded in operating expenses. In addition, we recognized $221 million as liabilities or additional asset fair value
adjustments in connection with the LGP Allgon acquisition for estimated restructuring and integration costs related to the consolidation of LGP Allgon operations, including amounts for future lease obligations on excess facilities, impairment of
excess equipment, write-downs of inventory for discontinued product lines and severance related costs for expected workforce reductions. These estimated costs were included in the allocation of the purchase price and recorded as an adjustment to
goodwill. Implementation of the Companys restructuring and integration plan is underway and additional actions are expected pending certain product related decisions and the further assessment of workforce and facility related requirements.
Integration activities related to such plan are currently expected to continue through the second quarter of fiscal 2005.  Outsourcing of Radio Frequency Power Amplifier Production 
We outsourced the majority of our radio frequency power amplifier production to contract manufacturers located in Asia during fiscal 2003 in order to
further reduce our operating cost structure and enable us to be more competitive. Additionally, we accelerated the timing of certain technology transitions and new product introductions due to our transition to outsourced manufacturing, as well as
the continued economic downturn that significantly impacted demand in the wireless infrastructure industry. As a result, we recorded approximately $106 million of restructuring and impairment charges during fiscal 2003. These charges included cash
restructuring charges of approximately $46 million related primarily to severance payments made in connection with a reduction of our work force of approximately 550 employees. The remaining non-cash impairment charges of approximately $60 million
related to a $30 million write-down of excess manufacturing and test equipment and a $30 million write-down of certain product/technology and customer related intangibles, the value of which was impaired by the technology and product transitions
that were implemented during the year. These restructuring and impairment charges were recorded in cost of sales or operating expenses based upon the job classification of the impacted employees or the character of the underlying assets.
Approximately $79 million of these restructuring and impairment charges was recorded in cost of sales and approximately $27 million was recorded in operating expenses.  Goodwill Impairment  During the quarter ended March 30, 2003, we determined that it was necessary to test our previously recorded goodwill for impairment as a result of the
significant economic downturn effecting demand in the wireless infrastructure industry. Since we operated in a single business segment as a single reporting unit at such time, the determination of whether any potential impairment of goodwill existed
was based on a comparison of the fair value of the entire Company to the accounting value of its net assets. In estimating the fair value of the entire Company, we reviewed the average and closing stock prices for our Common Stock, valuations based
on multiples of sales, EBITDA and EBIT, as well as other factors. Based on a comparison of these valuations to the accounting value of the underlying assets and liabilities, we concluded that the entire amount of our recorded goodwill had been
impaired and, therefore, recorded a non-cash charge of $49 million in operating expenses during the first quarter of fiscal 2003.  Liquidity and Capital Resources  We have historically financed our operations through a combination of cash on hand, cash provided from operations, equipment lease financings, available
borrowings under bank lines of credit, private debt placements and both private and public equity offerings. Our principal sources of liquidity consist of existing cash balances, short-term investments and funds expected to be generated from future
operations. As of January 2, 2005, we had working capital of $3441 million, including $2827 million in unrestricted cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, as compared to working capital of $2802 million at December 28, 2003, which
included $2599 million in unrestricted cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. We currently invest our excess cash in short-term, investment-grade, money-market instruments with maturities of three months or less as well as certain
auction-rate securities that reset interest rates at auction intervals ranging from between 28 and 35 days. While these auction-rate securities may have contractual maturities ranging up to thirty years, they are readily saleable at par value on
each auction date. We typically hold such investments until maturity, or auction, as applicable, and then reinvest the proceeds in similar instruments. We believe that all of our cash equivalents and short-term investments would be readily available
to us should the need arise.  Cash Flows  The following table summarizes Powerwaves cash flows for the years
ended January 2, 2005 and December 28, 2003:  Fiscal Years Ended in thousands January2,2005 December28,2003 Net cash provided by used in Operating activities 13,742 6,906 Investing activities, including acquisitions 148,614 62,707 Financing activities 127,468 103,415 Effect of foreign currency translation 2,486 Net increase decrease in cash and cash equivalents 32,402 47,614 
26 Table of Contents
Net cash provided by operations during fiscal 2004 decreased by $206 million as compared to fiscal 2003.
This decrease was due largely to the reductions in accounts payable and other current liabilities, the majority of which were associated with the acquisition of LGP Allgon. As part of the acquisition, we significantly reduced outstanding accounts
payables of LGP Allgon, which had been incurred prior to the acquisition. During the year ended January 2, 2005, our net accounts receivable increased to $1331 million from $563 million at December 28, 2003, primarily due to the acquisition of LGP
Allgon and our higher sales during the fourth quarter of 2004. In addition, our accounts receivable increased due to the longer collection times typically associated with international sales, particularly in Europe. Our days sales outstanding
increased from 71 days as of December 28, 2003 to 77 days at January 2, 2005. Our net inventories increased to $658 million during the year ended January 2, 2005, from $152 million at December 28, 2003, primarily due to inventory acquired from LGP
Allgon and the purchase of additional inventory to support sales growth.  Net cash used in investing activities of $1486 million reflects the cash portion of the acquisition of LGP Allgon, capital spending for property, plant and equipment, as well as investments in marketable securities
during fiscal 2004. This compares to net cash used in investing activities of $627 million in fiscal 2003 related to the acquisition of Ericsson Amplifier Technologies, capital spending for property, plant equipment, and investments in
marketable securities. Total capital expenditures during fiscal 2004 and 2003 were approximately $127 million and $39 million, respectively. The majority of the capital spending during such periods related to computer hardware, test equipment and
manufacturing equipment utilized in our manufacturing and research and development areas. We expect our future annual capital spending requirements to range between $25 million and $35 million per year, consisting primarily of test and production
equipment, as well as computer hardware and software.  The
$1275 million in net cash provided by financing activities during fiscal 2004 resulted primarily from our November 2004 issuance of $2000 million of 1875% convertible subordinated notes due November 2024, offset by the simultaneous repurchase of
$400 million of our Common Stock and the repayment of $331 million of debt assumed from LGP Allgon. This compares to $1034 million in net cash provided by financing activities during fiscal 2003 that resulted primarily from our July 2003 issuance
of $1300 million of 125% convertible subordinated debentures due July 2008, offset by the simultaneous repurchase of $250 million of our Common Stock.  We currently believe that our existing cash balances and short-term investments, as well as the funds expected to be generated from operations will
provide us with sufficient funds to finance our current operations for at least the next twelve months and any potential cash outlays related to the final purchase of the remaining outstanding shares of LGP Allgon. Our principal source of liquidity
consists of our existing cash and short-term investment balances. We regularly review our cash funding requirements and attempt to meet those requirements through a combination of cash on hand and cash provided by operations. Our ability to increase
revenues and generate profits is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties and any significant decrease in our revenues or profitability would reduce our operating cash flows and erode our existing cash balances. No assurances can be given that we
will be able to generate positive operating cash flows in the future or maintain and/or grow our existing cash balances.  Financing Activities  Our $20 million revolving unsecured credit agreement with Comerica Bank-California expired on May 31, 2004. We decided to delay the renewal of this credit
facility in light of our acquisition of LGP Allgon. We are currently evaluating our long-term financing needs and may decide to negotiate a new credit agreement in the future. However, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to establish a new
credit agreement on terms acceptable to us. We do not require a credit line to finance our operations.  As part of our acquisition of LGP Allgon, we assumed short-term and long-term debt obligations consisting of capital leases, fixed and variable rate bank
term loans, and amounts outstanding under bank lines of credit. From the date of acquisition through January 2, 2005, we repaid the entire amount of bank debt assumed in the acquisition, as well as the scheduled payments under the capital lease
obligations. This amount totaled approximately $331 million. 
27 Table of Contents
Effective November 10, 2004, we completed the private placement of $2000 million aggregate principal
amount of convertible subordinated notes due November 2024 to Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. and raised approximately $1542 million in net proceeds after the deduction of debt issuance costs and the repurchase of 5,050,505 shares of our Common
Stock. The notes are convertible into the Common Stock of Powerwave at a conversion price of $1109 per share and accrue interest at an annual rate of 1875%. The notes mature in 2024. Powerwave may redeem the notes beginning on November 21, 2009
until November 20, 2010 and on or after November 21, 2010 until November 20, 2011, if the closing price of Powerwaves Common Stock is more than $1774 and $1442, respectively, for at least 20 trading days within a 30 consecutive trading day
period. The notes may be redeemed by Powerwave at any time after November 21, 2011. Holders of the notes may require Powerwave to repurchase all or a portion of their notes for cash on November 15, 2011, 2014 and 2019 at 100% of the principal amount
of the notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest up to but not including the date of such repurchase.  On July 18, 2003, we completed the private placement of $1300 million aggregate principal amount of 125% convertible subordinated notes due July 2008
and raised approximately $1009 million in net proceeds after the deduction of debt issuance costs and the simultaneous repurchase of $250 million of our Common Stock 3,144,654 shares. The notes require semi-annual interest payments on January 15
and July 15 and the $1300 million principal balance is due on July 15, 2008. The notes are convertible into common shares of Powerwave at the conversion price of $1049 per share. This represents a conversion rate of approximately 953289 shares of
Common Stock per $1,000 principal amount of notes.  On
occasion, we have previously utilized both operating and capital lease financing for certain equipment purchases used in our manufacturing and research and development operations and may selectively continue to do so in the future. We may require
additional funds in the future to support our working capital requirements or for other purposes such as acquisitions, and we may seek to raise such additional funds through the sale of public or private equity and/or debt financings, as well as
from other sources. Our ability to secure additional financing or sources of funding is dependent upon our financial performance, credit rating and the market price for our Common Stock, which are both directly impacted by our ability to grow
revenues and generate profits. We can make no guarantees that we will be able to obtain additional financing or secure new financing arrangements in the future. If our operating performance was to deteriorate and our cash balances were to be
significantly reduced, we would likely encounter a more difficult environment in terms of raising additional funding to support our business.  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  Our off-balance sheet arrangements consist primarily of conventional operating leases, purchase commitments and other commitments arising in the normal
course of business, as further discussed below under Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments. As of January 2, 2005, we did not have any other relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partners, such as entities
often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes.  Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments  We incur various contractual obligations and commercial commitments in our
normal course of business. Such obligations and commitments consist primarily of the following:  Short-Term and Long-Term Debt  At January 2, 2005, we had $3300 million of long-term debt, consisting of our outstanding 125% convertible subordinated notes due July 2008 and our
1875% outstanding convertible subordinated notes due November 2024. The notes due July 2008 are convertible into shares of our Common Stock at the option of the holder at a conversion price of $1049 per share and accrue interest at an annual rate
of 125%, payable semi-annually on January 15 and July 15. The notes due November 2024 are convertible into shares of our Common Stock at the option of the holder at a conversion price of $1109 per share and accrue interest at an annual rate of
1875%, payable semi-annually on June 15 and December 15. See Note 10. Financing Arrangements and Long-Term Debt in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data for additional information. 
28 Table of Contents
Capital Lease Obligations  We assumed various capital lease obligations in connection with our acquisition of LGP Allgon. Our current outstanding
capital lease obligations of $01 million relate primarily to manufacturing and test equipment and are included as part of short-term and long-term debt, as appropriate, within our consolidated balance sheet.  Operating Lease Obligations  We have various operating leases covering vehicles, equipment, facilities
and sales offices located throughout the world with future minimum payments of $138 million as of January 2, 2005.  Purchase Commitments with Contract Manufacturers  We generally issue purchase orders to our contract manufacturers with delivery dates from four to six weeks from the purchase order date. In addition, we
regularly provide such contract manufacturers with rolling six-month forecasts of material and finished goods requirements for planning and long-lead time parts procurement purposes only. We are committed to accept delivery of materials pursuant to
our purchase orders subject to various contract provisions which allow us to delay receipt of such orders or cancel orders beyond certain agreed lead times. Such cancellations may or may not result in cancellation costs payable by us. In the past,
we have been required to take delivery of materials from our suppliers that were in excess of our requirements and we have previously recognized charges and expenses related to such excess material. If we are unable to adequately manage our contract
manufacturers and adjust such commitments for changes in demand, we may incur additional inventory expenses related to excess and obsolete inventory. Such expenses could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations.  Other Purchase Commitments 
We also incur various purchase obligations with other vendors and
suppliers for the purchase of inventory, as well as other goods and services, in the normal course of business. These obligations are generally evidenced by purchase orders with delivery dates from four to six weeks from the purchase order date, and
in certain cases, supply agreements that contain the terms and conditions associated with these purchase arrangements. We are committed to accept delivery of such materials pursuant to such purchase orders subject to various contract provisions
which allow us to delay receipt of such orders or cancel orders beyond certain agreed lead times. Such cancellations may or may not result in cancellation costs payable by us. In the past, we have been required to take delivery of materials from our
suppliers that were in excess of our requirements and we have previously recognized charges and expenses related to such excess material. If we are not able to adequately manage our supply chain and adjust such commitments for changes in demand, we
may incur additional inventory expenses related to excess and obsolete inventory. Such expenses could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  We have initiated compulsory acquisition proceedings under Swedish law to
acquire the remaining outstanding common shares of LGP Allgon that were not tendered in our exchange offer. We currently expect to pay approximately $79 million as additional purchase price related to such proceedings within the next twelve months.
Guarantees Under Letters of Credit  We occasionally issue guarantees for certain contingent liabilities under
various contractual arrangements, including customer contracts, self-insured retentions under certain insurance policies, and governmental value-added tax compliance programs. These guarantees normally take the form of standby letters of credit
issued by our bank that may be secured by cash deposits or pledges, or performance bonds issued by an insurance company. 
29 Table of Contents
As of January 2, 2005, expected future cash payments related to contractual obligations and commercial
commitments were as follows:  Payments Due by Period in thousands Lessthan1Year
1-3Years
3-5 Years
Thereafter
Total
Short-term and long-term debt including interest 5,375 10,750 139,125 256,250 411,500
Capital lease obligations 33 14 47
Operating lease obligations 4,316 5,852 2,670 967 13,805
Purchase commitments with contract manufacturers 55,092 55,092
Other purchase commitments 34,085 34,085
Guarantees under letters of credit Total contractual obligations and commercial commitments 98,901 16,616 141,795 257,217 514,529  We believe that our
existing cash balances and funds expected to be generated from future operations will be sufficient to satisfy these contractual obligations and commercial commitments and that the ultimate payments associated with these commitments will not have a
material adverse effect on our liquidity position.  Disclosure About Stock
Option Plans  Our stock option program is a broad-based,
long-term retention program that is intended to attract and retain talented employees and align stockholder and employee interests. The program consists of five separate plans: one under which non-employee directors may be granted options to
purchase shares of stock and four broad-based plans under which options may be granted to all employees, including officers. Options granted under these plans expire either 5 or 10 years from the grant date and generally vest over two to four years.
All stock option grants to our executive officers and vice
presidents are made after a review by, and with the approval of, either the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors or the entire Board of Directors. All members of the Compensation Committee are independent directors, as defined in the
applicable rules for issuers traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market. Our executive officers include Bruce C. Edwards, Executive Chairman of the Board, Ronald J. Buschur, President and Chief Executive Officer, Kevin T. Michaels, Senior Vice President,
Finance, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary, Johan H. Ek, President, European Business Unit and Robert J. Legendre, President, Americas and Asia Business Unit. See the Compensation Committee Report On Executive Compensation appearing
in the Companys Annual Proxy Statement for further information concerning the policies and procedures of the Company and the Compensation Committee regarding the use of stock options.  During the year ended January 2, 2005, we granted options to purchase a total
of 1,602,500 shares of Common Stock to employees. After deducting 1,354,684 shares for options forfeited, the result was net option grants of 247,816. Net option grants during the year represented 02% of our total outstanding common shares of
99,410,946 as of January 2, 2005. The following table summarizes the net stock option grants during the three most recent fiscal periods:  Fiscal Years Ended January2,2005 December28,2003 December29,2002 Net grants forfeitures during the period as a % of total outstanding common shares
02 05 31 Grants to executive officers during the period as a % of total options granted during the period
468 180 190 Grants to executive officers during the period as a % of total outstanding common shares
08 04 09 Cumulative options held by executive officers as a % of total options outstanding
267 161 195 
30 Table of Contents
At January 2, 2005, a total of 1,709,903 options were available for grant under all of our option plans
and a total of 246,774 shares of Common Stock were held in escrow to cover all remaining exercises under the 1995 Stock Option Plan. See Note 13. Stock Option Plans in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included
under Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data included herein for additional information regarding the 1995 Stock Option Plan. 
The following table summarizes outstanding stock options that are in-the-money and out-of the-money as of January 2, 2005. For
purposes of this table, in-the-money stock options are those options with an exercise price less than $848 per share, the closing price of Powerwave Common Stock on December 31, 2004, the last trading day of the fiscal year, and out-of-the-money
stock options are stock options with an exercise price greater than or equal to the $848 per share closing price.  Exercisable
Unexercisable
TotalShares Shares
Wtd.Avg.ExercisePrice
Shares
Wtd.Avg.ExercisePrice In-the-Money
2,575,888 479
2,861,835 607
5,437,723
Out-of-the-Money
2,979,718 2044
531,810 1302
3,511,528 Total Options Outstanding
5,555,606 1318
3,393,645 716
8,949,251  For additional
information regarding the stock options granted to and exercised by executive officers during fiscal 2004, see Executive Compensation in the Companys Annual Proxy Statement filed in connection with its Annual Meeting of
Stockholders under the heading Executive Compensation.  Additional Factors That May Affect Our Future Results  We rely upon a few customers for the majority of our revenues and the loss of any one of these customers, or a significant loss, reduction or rescheduling of orders from any of these customers, would have a material adverse effect on our
business, results of operations and financial condition.  We sell most of our products to a small number of customers, and we expect that this will continue. For the year ended January 2, 2005, sales to Nortel accounted for approximately 24% of net sales and sales to Nokia accounted for
approximately 10% of our net sales. For fiscal year 2003, Nortel accounted for approximately 57% of our net sales and Nokia accounted for 10% or more of our net sales. Our future success is dependent upon the continued purchases of our products by
such customers and any fluctuations in demand from such customers could negatively impact our results of operations. If we are unable to broaden our customer base and expand relationships with major wireless original equipment manufacturers and
major operators of wireless networks, our business will continue to be impacted by unanticipated demand fluctuations due to our dependence on a small number of customers. Unanticipated demand fluctuations can have a negative impact on our revenues
and business, and an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, our dependence on a small number of major customers exposes us to numerous other risks, including:  a slowdown or delay in deployment of wireless networks by any one customer could significantly reduce demand for our products;  reductions in a single customers forecasts and demand could result in excess inventories;  each of our customers has significant purchasing leverage over us to require changes in sales terms including pricing, payment terms and product delivery schedules;
direct competition should a customer decide to increase its level of internal designing and/or manufacturing of wireless communication network products; and
31 Table of Contents concentration of accounts receivable credit risk, which could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and financial condition if one of our major customers declared
bankruptcy or delayed payment of their receivables.  We may incur unanticipated costs as we complete the integration of our business with the business of LGP Allgon.  On May 3, 2004, we completed the exchange offer for the outstanding shares of LGP Allgon. This acquisition involves the integration of two companies based
in different countries that previously have operated independently, which is a complex, costly and time consuming process. We have limited experience integrating operations as substantial and geographically diverse as those of LGP Allgon, and as a
result, we may not successfully integrate the operations of Powerwave and LGP Allgon in a timely manner. The failure to successfully integrate the two companies operations could undermine the anticipated benefits and synergies of the
combination, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The anticipated benefits and synergies relate to cost savings associated with operational efficiencies, greater economies of scale and revenue
enhancement opportunities. However, these anticipated benefits and synergies are based on projections and assumptions, not actual experience, and assume a smooth and successful integration of the two companies.  In addition, the acquisition of LGP Allgon is the largest acquisition we have
completed and the complex process of integrating LGP Allgon requires significant resources. We have incurred and will continue to incur significant costs and commit significant management time in integrating LGP Allgons operations,
information, communications and other systems and personnel, among other items. The integration of these businesses has resulted and will continue to result in cash outflows related to the integration process, such as:  fees and expenses of professionals and consultants involved in completing the integration process;  settling existing liabilities of the acquired businesses;  integrating technology and personnel; and  other transaction costs associated with the acquisition, including financial advisor, attorney, accountant and other fees.  There have been significant reductions in customer demand for our
products, and if this continues, our operating results will continue to be adversely impacted.  We have a history of significant reductions in demand that demonstrates the risks related to our customer and industry concentration levels. While our
revenues increased during fiscal year 2004, a majority of this increase was due to the acquisition of LGP Allgon. During fiscal 2003, we experienced significantly reduced demand for our products due to lower than anticipated capital spending plans
by major wireless network operators. This reduction in spending by wireless network operators also resulted in reduced purchases by wireless original equipment manufacturers, whose primary customers are wireless network operators. As a result, our
revenues decreased during fiscal 2003 to $2391 million from $3849 million in fiscal 2002. Revenues from wireless network operators decreased to $479 million in 2003 from $735 million in 2002. If these reductions in overall market demand continue
to result in significant reductions in future demand for our products, our revenues will be flat or down and our results of operations will continue to be negatively impacted.  We have also experienced significant reductions in wireless network operator demand as well as significant delays in demand
for WCDMA, or 3G, based products due to the high projected capital cost of building such networks and market concerns regarding the inoperability of such network protocols. In combination with these market issues, a majority of wireless network
operators have, in the past, regularly reduced their capital spending plans in order to improve their overall cash flow. The continuation of any delays in development of 3G networks will result in continued reduced demand for our products which will
have a material adverse effect on our business.  We have
experienced, and will continue to experience, significant fluctuations in sales and operating results from quarter to quarter.  Our quarterly results fluctuate due to a number of factors, including:  the lack of any obligation by our customers to purchase their forecasted demand for our products; 
32 Table of Contents variations in the timing, cancellation, or rescheduling of customer orders and shipments;  high fixed expenses that increase operating expenses, especially during a quarter with a sales shortfall;  product failures and associated warranty and in-field service support costs; and  discounts given to certain customers for large volume purchases.  We have regularly generated a large percentage of our revenues in the last month of a quarter. Since we attempt to ship products quickly after we receive
orders, we may not always have a significant amount of unfilled orders at the start of each quarter and we may be required to obtain a substantial portion of our orders during the quarter in which such orders ship. Our major customers generally have
no obligation to purchase forecasted amounts and may cancel orders, change delivery schedules or change the mix of products ordered with minimal notice and without penalty. As a result, we may not be able to accurately predict our quarterly sales.
Because our expense levels are partially based on our expectations of future sales, our expenses may be disproportionately large relative to our revenues, and we may be unable to adjust spending in a timely manner to compensate for any unexpected
revenue shortfall. Any shortfall in sales relative to our quarterly expectations or any delay of customer orders would adversely affect our revenues and results of operations.  Order deferrals and cancellations by our customers, declining average sales prices, changes in the mix of products sold,
delays in the introduction of new products and longer than anticipated sales cycles for our products have, in the past, adversely affected our results of operations. Despite these factors, we, along with our contract manufacturers, maintain
significant finished goods, work-in-progress and raw materials inventory to meet estimated order forecasts. If our customers purchase less than their forecasted orders or cancel or delay existing purchase orders, there will be higher levels of
inventory that face a greater risk of obsolescence. If our customers desire to purchase products in excess of the forecasted amounts or in a different product mix, there may not be enough inventory or manufacturing capacity to fill their orders.
Due to these and other factors, our past results are not
reliable indicators of our future performance. Future revenues and operating results may not meet the expectations of public market analysts or investors. In either case, the price of our Common Stock could be materially adversely affected.
Our average sales prices have declined, and we anticipate
that the average sales prices for our products will continue to decline and negatively impact our gross profit margins.  Wireless service providers are continuing to place pricing pressure on wireless infrastructure manufacturers, which in turn, has resulted in lower selling
prices for our products, with certain competitors aggressively reducing prices in an effort to increase their market share. As an example, the average sales price for our radio frequency power amplifier products declined by between 2% to 23% from
fiscal 2003 to fiscal 2004. Since wireless infrastructure manufacturers frequently negotiate supply arrangements far in advance of delivery dates, we must often commit to price reductions for our products before we know how, or if, we can obtain
such cost reductions. In addition, average sales prices are affected by price discounts negotiated without firm orders for large volume purchases by certain customers. To offset declining average sales prices, we must reduce manufacturing costs and
ultimately develop new products with lower costs or higher average sales prices. If we cannot achieve such cost reductions or increases in average selling prices, our gross margins will decline.  Our suppliers, contract manufacturers or customers could become
competitors.  Many of our customers internally design
and/or manufacture their own wireless communications network products. These customers also continuously evaluate whether to manufacture their own wireless communications network products or utilize contract manufacturers to produce their own
internal designs. Certain of our customers regularly produce or design wireless communications network products in an attempt to replace products manufactured by us. We believe that this practice will continue. In the event that our customers
manufacture or design their own wireless communications network products, such customers could reduce or eliminate their purchases of our products, which would result in reduced revenues and would adversely impact our results of operations and
liquidity. Wireless infrastructure equipment manufacturers with internal manufacturing capabilities, including many of our customers, could also sell wireless communications network products externally to other manufacturers, thereby competing
directly with us. In addition, our suppliers or contract manufacturers may decide to produce competing products directly for our customers and, effectively, compete against us. If, for any reason, our customers produce their wireless communications
network products internally, increase the percentage of their internal production, require us to participate in joint venture manufacturing with them, engage our suppliers or contract manufacturers to manufacture competing products, or otherwise
compete directly against us, our revenues would decrease, which would adversely impact our results of operations. 
33 Table of Contents
Our success is tied to the growth of the wireless services communications market and our future
revenue growth is dependent upon the expected increase in the size of this market.  Our revenues come primarily from the sale of wireless communications network products and coverage solutions. Our future success depends upon the growth and increased availability of wireless communications services.
Wireless communications services may not grow at a rate fast enough to create demand for our products, as we experienced during fiscal 2003. During this period, wireless network operators reduced or delayed capital spending on wireless networks in
order to preserve their operating cash and improve their balance sheets. Such reduced spending on wireless networks has had a negative impact on our operating results. If wireless network operators continue to delay or maintain reduced levels of
capital spending, our operating results will continue to be negatively impacted.  Our reliance on contract manufacturers exposes us to risks of excess inventory or inventory carrying costs.  If our contract manufacturers are unable to timely respond to changes in customer demand, we may be unable to produce enough products to respond to sudden
increases in demand resulting in lost revenues, or alternatively, in the case of order cancellations or decreases in demand, we may be liable for excess or obsolete inventory or cancellation charges resulting from contractual purchase commitments
that we have with our contract manufacturers. We regularly provide rolling forecasts of our requirements to our contract manufacturers for planning purposes, pursuant to our agreements, a portion of which is binding upon us. Additionally, we are
committed to accept delivery on the forecasted terms for a portion of the rolling forecast. Cancellations of orders or changes to the forecasts provided to any of our contract manufacturers may result in cancellation costs payable by us. In the
past, we have been required to take delivery of materials from other suppliers and subcontractors that were in excess of our requirements and we have previously recognized charges and expenses related to such excess material.  By using contract manufacturers, our ability to directly control the use of
all inventory is reduced since we do not have full operating control over their operations. If we are unable to accurately forecast demand for our contract manufacturers and manage the costs associated with our contract manufacturers, we may be
required to pay inventory carrying costs or purchase excess inventory. If we or our contract manufacturers are unable to utilize such excess inventory in a timely manner, and are unable to sell excess components or products due to their customized
nature, our operating results and liquidity would be negatively impacted.  We depend on single sources or limited sources for key components and products, which exposes us to risks related to product shortages or delays, as well as potential product quality issues, all of which could
increase the cost of our products thereby reducing our operating profits.  A number of our products and the parts used in our products are available from only one or a limited number of outside suppliers due to unique component designs, as well as certain quality and performance
requirements. To take advantage of volume pricing discounts, we also purchase certain products, and along with our contract manufacturers, purchase certain customized components from single or limited sources. We have experienced, and expect to
continue to experience, shortages of single-source and limited-source components. Shortages have compelled us to adjust our product designs and production schedules and have caused us to miss customer requested delivery dates. To date, the missed
customer delivery dates have not had an adverse impact on our financial results. If single-source or limited-source components become unavailable in sufficient quantities in the desired time periods, are discontinued or are available only on
unsatisfactory terms, we would be required to purchase comparable components from other sources and may be required to redesign our products to use such components which could delay production and delivery of our products. If production and delivery
of our products are delayed such that we do not meet the agreed upon delivery dates of our customers, such delays could result in lost revenues due to customer cancellations, as well as potential financial penalties payable to our customers. Any
such loss of revenue or financial penalties would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.  Our reliance on certain single-source and limited-source components and products also exposes us and our contract manufacturers to quality control risks
if these suppliers experience a failure in their production process or otherwise fail to meet our quality requirements. A failure in a single-source or limited-source component or product could force us to repair or replace a product utilizing
replacement components. If we cannot obtain comparable replacements or redesign our products, we could lose customer orders or incur additional costs, which would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
34 Table of Contents
We may fail to develop products that are sufficiently manufacturable, which could negatively impact
our ability to sell our products.  Manufacturing our
products is a complex process that requires significant time and expertise to meet customers specifications. Successful manufacturing is substantially dependent upon the ability to assemble and tune these products to meet specifications in an
efficient manner. In this regard, we largely depend on our staff of assembly workers and trained technicians at our internal manufacturing operations in the U.S., Europe and Asia, as well as our contract manufacturers staff of assembly workers
and trained technicians. If we cannot design our products to minimize the manual assembly and tuning process, or if we or our contract manufacturers lose a number of trained assembly workers and technicians or are unable to attract additional
trained assembly workers or technicians, we may be unable to have our products manufactured in a cost effective manner.  We may fail to develop products that are of adequate quality and reliability, which could negatively impact our ability to sell our products.
We have had quality problems with our products in the past
and may have similar problems in the future. We have replaced components in some products in accordance with our product warranties. We believe that our customers will demand that our products meet increasingly stringent performance and reliability
standards. If we cannot keep pace with technological developments, evolving industry standards and new communications protocols, if we fail to adequately improve product quality and meet the quality standards of our customers, or if our contract
manufacturers fail to achieve the quality standards of our customers, we risk losing business which would negatively impact our results of operations. Design problems could also damage relationships with existing and prospective customers and could
limit our ability to market our products to large wireless infrastructure manufacturers, many of which build their own products and have stringent quality control standards.  If we are unable to hire and retain highly qualified technical and managerial personnel, we may not be able to sustain or
grow our business.  Competition for personnel,
particularly qualified engineers, is intense. The loss of a significant number of such persons, as well as the failure to recruit and train additional technical personnel in a timely manner, could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations and financial condition. The departure of any of our management and technical personnel, the breach of their confidentiality and non-disclosure obligations to Powerwave or the failure to achieve our intellectual property
objectives may also have a material adverse effect on our business.  We believe that our success depends upon the knowledge and experience of our management and technical personnel and our ability to market our existing products and to develop new products. Our employees are generally employed on an at-will
basis and do not have non-compete agreements. Therefore, we have had, and may continue to have, employees leave us and go to work for competitors.  Future acquisitions or strategic alliances may present risks, and we may be unable to achieve the financial and strategic goals intended at the time of
any acquisition or strategic alliance.  In the past, we
have acquired and made investments in other companies, products and technologies and entered into strategic alliances with other companies. We continually evaluate these types of opportunities. In the future, we may acquire or invest in other
companies, products or technologies, or we may enter into joint ventures, mergers or strategic alliances with other companies. Such transactions subject us to numerous risks, including the following:  difficulty integrating the operations, technology and personnel of the acquired company;  inability to achieve the anticipated financial and strategic benefits of the specific acquisition or strategic alliance;  inability to retain key technical and managerial personnel from the acquired company;  difficulty in maintaining controls, procedures and policies during the transition and integration process;  diversion of our managements attention from other business concerns; 
35 Table of Contents failure of our due diligence process to identify significant issues, including issues with respect to product quality, product architecture, legal and financial contingencies, and
product development; and  significant exit charges if products acquired in business combinations are unsuccessful.  If we are unable to effectively manage these risks as part of any acquisition or joint venture, our business would be
adversely affected.  There are significant risks related to
our internal and contract manufacturing operations in Asia.  As part of our strategy to reduce our production costs, we have outsourced the majority of our radio frequency power amplifier manufacturing operations to contract manufacturers in China, Singapore and Thailand. We also maintain our own
manufacturing operations in China. The Chinese legal system lacks transparency, which gives the Chinese central and local government authorities a higher degree of control over our business in China than is customary in the United States and makes
the process of obtaining necessary regulatory approval in China inherently unpredictable. In addition, the protection accorded our proprietary technology and know-how under the Chinese and Thai legal systems is not as strong as in the United States
and, as a result, we may lose valuable trade secrets and competitive advantage. Also, manufacturing our products and utilizing contract manufacturers, as well as other suppliers throughout the Asia region, exposes our business to the risk that our
proprietary technology and ownership rights may not be protected or enforced to the extent that they may be in the United States.  Although the Chinese government has been pursuing economic reform and a policy of welcoming foreign investments during the past two decades, it is
possible that the Chinese government will change its current policies in the future, making continued business operations in China difficult or unprofitable.  We require air or ocean transport to ship products built in Asia to our customers. Transportation costs would escalate if there were a shortage of air or
ocean cargo space and any significant increase in transportation costs would cause an increase in our expenses and negatively impact our results of operations. In addition, if we are unable to obtain cargo space or secure delivery of components or
products due to labor strikes, lockouts, work slowdowns or work stoppages by longshoremen, dock workers, airline pilots or other transportation industry workers our delivery of products could be adversely delayed.  The initial sales cycle associated with our products is typically lengthy,
often lasting from nine to eighteen months, which could cause delays in forecasted sales and cause us to incur substantial expenses before we record any associated revenues.  Our customers normally conduct significant technical evaluations, trials and qualifications of our products before making
purchase commitments. This qualification process involves a significant investment of time and resources from both our customers and us in order to ensure that our product designs are fully qualified to perform as required. The qualification and
evaluation process, as well as customer field trials, may take longer than initially forecasted, thereby delaying the shipment of sales forecasted for a specific customer for a particular quarter and causing our operating results for the quarter to
be less than originally forecasted. Such a sales shortfall would reduce our profitability and negatively impact our results of operations.  We conduct a significant portion of our business internationally, which exposes us to increased business risks.  For fiscal years 2004, 2003, and 2002, international revenues excluding
North American sales accounted for approximately 71%, 46%, and 33% of our net sales, respectively. There are many risks that currently impact, and will continue to impact our international business and multinational operations, including the
following:  compliance with multiple and potentially conflicting regulations in Europe, Asia and North and South America, including export requirements, tariffs, import duties and other trade
barriers, as well as health and safety requirements;  potential labor strikes, lockouts, work slowdowns and work stoppages at U.S. and international ports;  differences in intellectual property protections throughout the world;  difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations in Europe, Asia and South America, including dealings with unionized labor pools in Europe;  longer accounts receivable collection cycles in Europe, Asia and South America; 
36 Table of Contents currency fluctuations and resulting losses on currency translations;  terrorists attacks on American companies;  economic instability, including inflation and interest rate fluctuations, such as those previously seen in South Korea and Brazil;  competition for foreign based suppliers throughout the world;  overlapping or differing tax structures;  the complexity of global tax and transfer pricing rules and regulations and our potential inability to benefit/offset losses in one tax jurisdiction with income from another;
cultural and language differences between the United States, and the rest of the world; and  political or civil turmoil.  Any failure on our part to manage these risks effectively would seriously reduce our competitiveness in the wireless infrastructure marketplace.
Protection of our intellectual property is limited.
We rely upon trade secrets and patents to protect our
intellectual property. We execute confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements with certain employees and our suppliers, as well as limit access to and distribution of our proprietary information. We have an on-going program to identify and file
applications for U.S. and other international patents.  The
departure of any of our management and technical personnel, the breach of their confidentiality and non-disclosure obligations to us, or the failure to achieve our intellectual property objectives could have a material adverse effect on our
business, results of operations and financial condition. We do not have non-compete agreements with our employees who are generally employed on an at-will basis. Therefore, we have had, and may continue to have, employees leave us and go to work for
competitors. If we are not successful in prohibiting the unauthorized use of our proprietary technology or the use of our processes by a competitor, our competitive advantage may be significantly reduced which would result in reduced revenues.
We are at risk of third-party claims of infringement that
could harm our competitive position.  We have received
third-party claims of infringement in the past and have been able to resolve such claims without having a material impact on our business. Currently, certain parties have notified the Company of potential claims against the Company. While the
Company reviews such potential claims, we do not believe that their resolution will have a material affect on the Company. As the number of patents, copyrights and other intellectual property rights in our industry increases, and as the coverage of
these rights and the functionality of the products in the market further overlap, we believe that we may face additional infringement claims. Such claims, whether or not valid, could result in substantial costs and diversion of our resources. A
third party claiming infringement may also obtain an injunction or other equitable relief, which could effectively block the distribution or sale of allegedly infringing products, which would adversely affect our customer relationships and
negatively impact our revenues.  The communications industry
is heavily regulated. We must obtain regulatory approvals to manufacture and sell our products, and our customers must obtain approvals to operate our products. Any failure or delay by us or any of our customers to obtain such approvals could
negatively impact our ability to sell our products.  Various governmental agencies have adopted regulations that impose stringent radio frequency emissions standards on the communications industry. Future regulations may require that we alter the manner in which radio signals are transmitted
or otherwise alter the equipment transmitting such signals. The enactment by governments of new laws or regulations or a change in the interpretation of existing regulations could negatively impact the market for our products.  The increasing demand for wireless communications has exerted pressure on
regulatory bodies worldwide to adopt new standards for such products, generally following extensive investigation and deliberation over competing technologies. The delays inherent in this type of governmental approval process have caused, and may
continue to cause, the cancellation, postponement or rescheduling of the installation of communications systems by our customers. These types of unanticipated delays would result in delayed or cancelled customer orders. 
37 Table of Contents
The price of our Common Stock has been, and may continue to be, volatile and our shareholders may not
be able to resell shares of our Common Stock at or above the price paid for such shares.  The price for shares of our Common Stock has exhibited high levels of volatility with significant volume and price fluctuations, which makes our Common Stock unsuitable for many investors. For example, for the two
years ended January 2, 2005, the price of our Common Stock ranged from a high of $1155 to a low of $305. The fluctuations in the price of our Common Stock have occasionally been unrelated to our operating performance. These broad fluctuations may
negatively impact the market price of shares of our Common Stock. The price of our Common Stock has also been influenced by:  fluctuations in our results of operations or the operations of our competitors or customers;  failure of our results of operations to meet the expectations of stock market analysts and investors;  reductions in wireless infrastructure demand or expectations of future wireless infrastructure demand by our customers;  delays or postponement of wireless infrastructure deployments, including new 3G deployments;  changes in stock market analyst recommendations regarding us, our competitors or our customers;  the timing and announcements of technological innovations, new products or financial results by us or our competitors; and  changes in the wireless industry.  In addition, the increase in the number of shares of our outstanding Common Stock due to the LGP Allgon acquisition may lead to sales of such shares or
the perception that such sales may occur, either of which may adversely affect the market for, and the market price of, our Common Stock. This increase, together with our outstanding convertible debt instruments, and any potential future sale or
issuance of shares of our Common Stock or instruments convertible or exchangeable into shares of our Common Stock, or the perception that such sales or transactions could occur, could adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock.
Based on the above, we expect that our stock price will
continue to be extremely volatile. Therefore, we cannot guarantee that our investors will be able to resell their Powerwave shares at or above their acquisition price.  We may need additional capital in the future and such additional financing may not be available at favorable terms.
We may need to raise additional funds through public or
private debt or equity financings in order to take advantage of opportunities, including more rapid international expansion or acquisitions of complementary businesses or technologies. If we are not successful in integrating our business and
managing the worldwide aspects of the combined company resulting from the LGP Allgon acquisition, our operations may not generate profits and may consume our cash resources faster than we anticipate. Such losses would make it difficult to obtain new
sources of financing. In addition, if we do not generate sufficient cash flow from operations, we may need to raise additional funds to repay our outstanding convertible debt that we issued in 2003 and 2004. Our ability to secure additional
financing or sources of funding is dependent upon numerous factors, including the current outlook of our business, our credit rating and the market price of our common stock, all of which are directly impacted by our ability to increase revenues and
generate profits. Our ability to increase revenues and generate profits is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties and any significant decrease in our revenues or profitability could reduce our operating cash flows and erode our existing cash
balances. If we are unable to secure additional financing or such financing is not available at acceptable terms, we may not be able to take advantage of such opportunities, or otherwise respond to unanticipated competitive pressures.  The wireless communications infrastructure equipment industry is
extremely competitive and is characterized by rapid technological change, frequent new product development, rapid product obsolescence, evolving industry standards and significant price erosion over the life of a product. If we are unable to compete
effectively, our business, results of operations and financial condition would be adversely affected. 
38 Table of Contents
Our products compete on the basis of the following characteristics:  performance;  functionality;  reliability;  pricing;  quality;  designs that can be efficiently manufactured in large volumes;  time-to-market delivery capabilities; and  compliance with industry standards.  If we fail to address the above factors, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Our current competitors include Andrew Corporation, Filtronic
PLC, Fujitsu Limited, Hitachi Kokusai Electric Inc., Japan Radio Co., Ltd., Kathrein-Werke KG, Mitsubishi Electric Corporation, Radio Frequency Systems and REMEC, Inc., in addition to a number of privately held companies throughout the world,
subsidiaries of certain multinational corporations and the internal manufacturing operations and design groups of the leading wireless infrastructure manufacturers such as Ericsson, Motorola, Nokia, Nortel, Samsung and Siemens. Some competitors have
adopted aggressive pricing strategies in an attempt to gain market share, which in return, has caused us to lower our prices in order to remain competitive. Such pricing actions have had an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of
operations. In addition, some competitors have significantly greater financial, technical, manufacturing, sales, marketing and other resources than we do and have achieved greater name recognition for their products and technologies than we have. If
we are unable to successfully increase our market penetration or our overall share of the wireless communications infrastructure equipment market, our revenues will decline, which would negatively impact our results of operations.  Our failure to enhance our existing products or to develop and introduce
new products that meet changing customer requirements and evolving technological standards could have a negative impact on our ability to sell our products. 
To succeed, we must improve current products and develop and introduce new products that are competitive in terms of price, performance and quality.
These products must adequately address the requirements of wireless infrastructure manufacturing customers and end-users. To develop new products, we invest in the research and development of wireless communications network products and coverage
solutions. We target our research and development efforts on major wireless network deployments worldwide, which cover a broad range of frequency and transmission protocols. In addition, we are currently working on products for next generation
networks, as well as development projects for products requested by our customers and improvements to our existing products. The deployment of a wireless network may be delayed which could result in the failure of a particular research or
development effort to generate a revenue producing product. Additionally, the new products we develop may not achieve market acceptance or may not be able to be manufactured cost effectively in sufficient volumes. Our research and development
efforts are generally funded internally and our customers do not normally pay for our research and development efforts. These costs are expensed as incurred. Therefore, if our efforts are not successful at creating or improving products that are
purchased by our customers, there will be a negative impact on our operating results due to high research and development expenses.  Failure to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting could adversely affect our business and the market price of our Common Stock.
Pursuant to rules adopted by the SEC implementing Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we are required to assess the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting and provide a management report on our internal controls over financial reporting in all annual reports, beginning
with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 2, 2005. This report contains, among other matters, a statement as to whether or not our internal controls over financial reporting are effective and the disclosure of any
material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting identified by management. Section 404 also requires our independent auditor to attest to, and report on, managements assessment of our internal controls over financial
reporting. 
39 Table of Contents
The Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO provides a framework for
companies to assess and improve their internal control systems. Auditing Standard No. 2 provides the professional standards and related performance guidance for auditors to attest to, and report on, managements assessment of the effectiveness
of internal control over financial reporting under Section 404. Managements assessment of internal controls over financial reporting requires management to make subjective judgments and, particularly because Section 404 and Auditing Standard
No. 2 are newly effective, some of the judgments will be in areas that may be open to interpretation. Therefore, our managements report on our internal controls over financial reporting may be difficult to prepare, and our auditors may not
agree with our managements assessment.  While we
currently believe our internal controls over financial reporting are effective, we are required to comply with Section 404 on an annual basis. If we identify one or more material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting during
this continuous evaluation process, our management will be unable to assert such internal controls are effective. In addition, although we currently anticipate being able to continue to satisfy the requirements of Section 404 in a timely fashion, we
cannot be certain as to the timing of completion of our evaluation, testing and any required remediation due in large part to the fact that there is no precedent available by which to measure compliance with these new requirements. Therefore, if we
are unable to assert that our internal controls over financial reporting are effective in the future, or if our auditors are unable to attest that our managements report is fairly stated or they are unable to express an opinion on the
effectiveness of our internal controls, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which would have an adverse effect on our business and the market price of our Common Stock.  Our shareholder rights plan and charter documents could make it more
difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if doing so would be beneficial to our shareholders.  Our shareholder rights plan and certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation and Delaware law are intended to encourage potential acquirers to
negotiate with us and allow our Board of Directors the opportunity to consider alternative proposals in the interest of maximizing shareholder value. However, such provisions may also discourage acquisition proposals or delay or prevent a change in
control, which in turn, could harm our stock price and our shareholders.  Our business is subject to the risks of earthquakes and other natural catastrophic events, and to interruptions by man made problems such as computer viruses or terrorism.  Our corporate headquarters and the majority of our U.S. based research and
development operations are located in the State of California in regions known for seismic activity. In addition, we have production facilities and have outsourced some of our production to contract manufacturers in Asia, another region known for
seismic activity. A significant natural disaster, such as an earthquake in either of these regions, could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. In addition, despite our implementation of network
security measures, our servers are vulnerable to computer viruses, break-ins, and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering with our computer systems. Any such event could have a material adverse effect on our business.  
ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  Our financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, short-term investments, capital leases and long-term debt. At January 2,
2005, the carrying values of our financial instruments approximated their fair values based upon current market prices and rates.  We are exposed to a number of market risks in the ordinary course of business. These risks, which include foreign currency risk, interest rate risk and
commodity price risk, arise in the normal course of business rather than from trading. We have examined our exposures to these risks and have concluded that none of our exposures in these areas are material to fair values, cash flows or earnings.
Foreign Currency Risk  With the acquisition of LGP Allgon, our international operations represent a
substantial portion of our operating results and asset base. We maintain various operations in multiple foreign locations including China, Finland, France, Singapore, Sweden, Estonia and the United Kingdom. These international operations generally
incur local operating costs and generate third party revenues in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Such foreign currency revenues and expenses expose us to foreign currency risk and give rise to foreign exchange gains and losses. 
40 Table of Contents
We regularly pursue new customers in various international locations where new deployments or upgrades to
existing wireless communication networks are planned. As a result, a significant portion of our revenues are derived from international sources, with our international customers accounting for approximately 71% of our net sales during fiscal 2004,
46% of our fiscal 2003 net sales and 33% of our fiscal 2002 net sales. Such international sources include Europe, Asia and South America, where there has been historical volatility in several of the regions currencies. Although we currently
invoice a large percentage of our international customers in U.S. Dollars, changes in the value of the U.S. Dollar versus the local currency in which our products are sold exposes us to foreign currency risk since the weakening of an international
customers local currency and banking market may negatively impact such customers ability to meet their payment obligations to us. In addition, certain of our international customers require that we transact business with them in their
own local currency, regardless of the location of our operations, which also exposes us to foreign currency risk. As we sell products or services in foreign currencies, we may be required to convert the payments received into U.S. Dollars or utilize
such foreign currencies as payments for expenses of our business, which may give rise to foreign exchange gains and losses. Given the uncertainty as to when and what specific foreign currencies we may be required or decide to accept as payment from
our international customers, we cannot predict the ultimate impact that such a decision would have on our business, gross margins and results of operations.  While we monitor our foreign currency exposures, we do not currently maintain an active foreign currency hedging program. We may decide in the future to
implement an active hedging program utilizing derivative instruments to assist in managing our foreign exchange rate risk. Based on our overall foreign exchange rate exposure at January 2, 2005, we do not believe that a 10% change in foreign
currency rates would have a material effect on our consolidated results of operations or cash flows.  Interest Rate Risk  As
of January 2, 2005, we had cash equivalents and a short-term cash investment portfolio of approximately $2549 million with maturities of three months or less, as well as cash balances of approximately $277 million in both interest and non-interest
bearing accounts including restricted cash. We also had $1300 million of convertible subordinated notes due July 2008 at a fixed annual interest rate of 125%, $2000 million of convertible subordinated notes due November 2024 at a fixed annual
interest rate of 1875%, and $01 million capital lease obligations with various maturities at fixed interest rates. We are exposed to interest rate risk primarily through our short-term cash investment portfolio. While short-term investment rates
remained at historical lows during fiscal 2004, we believe that we are not subject to material fluctuations in principal given the short-term maturities and high-grade investment quality of our investment portfolio, and the fact that the effective
interest rate of our portfolio tracks closely to various short-term money market interest rate benchmarks. Therefore, we currently do not use derivative instruments to mange the interest rate risk related to our short-term investment portfolio or
our variable rate bank debt. Based on our overall interest rate exposure at January 2, 2005, we do not believe that a 100 basis point change in interest rates would have a material effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations
or cash flows.  Commodity Price Risk  Our internal manufacturing operations and contract manufacturers require
significant quantities of transistors, semiconductors and various metals for use in the manufacture of our products. Therefore, we are exposed to certain commodity price risk associated with variations in the market prices for these electronic
components as these prices directly impact the cost to manufacture products and the price we pay our contract manufacturers to manufacture our products. We attempt to manage this risk by entering into supply agreements with our contract
manufacturers and various suppliers of these components. These supply agreements are not long-term supply agreements. If we or our contract manufacturers become subject to a significant increase in the price of one of these components, we would
likely be forced to pay such higher prices and we may be unable to pass such costs onto our customers. In addition, certain transistors and semiconductors are regularly revised or changed by their manufacturers, which may result in a requirement for
us to redesign a product that utilizes such components or cease to produce such products. In such events, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. Additionally, we require specialized electronic test
equipment, which is utilized in both the design and manufacture of our products. Such electronic test equipment is available from limited sources and may not be available in the time periods required for us to meet our customers demand. If
required, we may be forced to pay higher prices for such 
41 Table of Contents
equipment and/or we may not be able to obtain the equipment in the time periods required, which would then delay our
development or production of new products. Such delays and any potential additional costs could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
42 Table of Contents
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA  
Index to Financial Statements/Schedule:  Consolidated Financial Statements 
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
44 
Consolidated Balance Sheets
45 
Consolidated Statements of Operations
46 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Operations
47 
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity
48 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
49 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
51 
Quarterly Financial Data Unaudited
72 Financial Statement Schedule 
Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
83
43 Table of Contents
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Powerwave Technologies, Inc.:  We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Powerwave Technologies, Inc. and subsidiaries the Company as of January 2, 2005 and December 28, 2003, and the related consolidated
statements of operations, comprehensive operations, shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 2, 2005. Our audits also included the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at .
These financial statements and the financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Companys management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the financial statements and the financial statement schedule based on our
audits.  We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit
includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the
overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Powerwave Technologies, Inc.
and subsidiaries at as of January 2, 2005 and December 28, 2003, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 2, 2005, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, such financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth
therein.  We have also audited, in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the effectiveness of the Companys internal control over financial reporting as of January 2, 2005, based on the criteria established in Internal
ControlIntegrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated March 10, 2005 expressed an unqualified opinion on managements assessment of the effectiveness of the
Companys internal control over financial reporting and an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Companys internal control over financial reporting.  /s/DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP  Costa Mesa, California March 10, 2005
44 Table of Contents
POWERWAVE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS in thousands, except per share data  January 2, 2005 December28, 2003 ASSETS Current assets Cash and cash equivalents 147,451 179,853 Restricted cash 6,815 600 Short-term investments 135,200 80,075 Accounts receivable, net of allowance for sales returns and doubtful accounts of $6,309 and $2,332 at January 2, 2005 and December 28, 2003,
respectively 133,060 56,278 Inventories 65,819 15,187 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 22,613 6,413 Deferred tax assets 3,698 6,940 Total current assets 514,656 345,346 Property, plant and equipment, net 146,430 67,975 Intangible assets, net 65,366 190 Goodwill 277,223 3,439 Deferred tax assets 35,990 Other non-current assets 17,096 13,317 TOTAL ASSETS 1,020,771 466,257 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities Accounts payable 79,534 48,942 Accrued payroll and employee benefits 19,770 3,203 Accrued income taxes 14,332 2,374 Accrued restructuring 17,354 20 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 39,534 10,562 Total current liabilities 170,524 65,101 Long-term debt 330,000 130,000 Deferred tax liabilities 4,344 Other non-current liabilities 291 119 Total liabilities 505,159 195,220 Commitments and contingencies Notes 14 and 15 Shareholders equity Preferred stock, $00001 par value, 5,000 shares authorized and no shares issued or outstanding Common Stock, $00001 par value, 135,000 shares authorized, 99,411 shares issued and outstanding at January 2, 2005 and 63,257 shares issued
and outstanding at December 28, 2003 485,318 225,651 Accumulated other comprehensive income loss 57,029 1 Retained earnings accumulated deficit 26,735 45,387 Total shareholders equity 515,612 271,037 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 1,020,771 466,257  The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
45 Table of Contents
POWERWAVE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS in thousands, except per share data  Fiscal Years Ended January 2,2005 December28,2003 December29,2002
Net sales 473,914 239,069 384,889 Cost of sales Cost of goods 362,872 214,247 320,963
Intangible asset amortization 4,615 756 1,144
Restructuring and impairment charges 506 7,851 Total cost of sales 367,993 222,854 322,107 Gross profit 105,921 16,215 62,782 Operating expenses Sales and marketing 28,461 11,557 11,384
Research and development 47,188 38,928 33,087
General and administrative 24,291 13,946 14,401
Intangible asset amortization 7,355 In-process research and development 23,450 Restructuring and impairment charges 2,103 7,608 Total operating expenses 132,848 72,039 58,872 Operating income loss 26,927 55,824 3,910 Other income, net 118 2,394 1,963 Income loss before income taxes 26,809 53,430 5,873 Provision for benefit from income taxes 45,313 20,571 1,762 Net income loss 72,122 32,859 4,111 Basic earnings loss per share 080 051 006 Diluted earnings loss per share 080 051 006 Basic weighted average common shares 90,212 64,667 65,485 Diluted weighted average common shares 90,212 64,667 66,230  The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
46 Table of Contents
POWERWAVE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE OPERATIONS in thousands  Fiscal Years Ended January2,2005 December28,2003 December29,2002
Net income loss 72,122 32,859 4,111 Other comprehensive income loss Foreign currency translation adjustments 57,030 1 Comprehensive income loss 15,092 32,860 4,111  The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
47 Table of Contents
POWERWAVE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY in thousands  Common Stock AccumulatedOtherComprehensive Income Loss RetainedEarningsAccumulated Deficit TotalShareholders Equity Shares Amount Balance at December 30, 2001
65,081 242,100  74,135 316,235 Issuance of Common Stock related to employee stock-based compensation plans
626 3,965 3,965 Tax benefit related to employee stock-based compensation plans 1,291 1,291 Compensation expense related to stock option grants 59 59 Net income 4,111 4,111 Balance at December 29, 2002
65,707 247,415 78,246 325,661 Issuance of Common Stock related to employee stock-based compensation plans
695 2,625 2,625 Tax benefit related to employee stock-based compensation plans 573 573 Compensation expense related to stock option grants 38 38 Repurchases of Common Stock
3,145 25,000 25,000 Foreign currency translation adjustments 1 1 Net loss 32,859 32,859 Balance at December 28, 2003
63,257 225,651 1 45,387 271,037 Issuance of Common Stock for acquisition, net of issuance costs of $255
40,686 296,748 296,748 Issuance of Common Stock related to employee stock-based compensation plans
519 2,636 2,636 Tax benefit related to employee stock-based compensation plans 283 283 Repurchases of Common Stock
5,051 40,000 40,000 Foreign currency translation adjustments 57,030 57,030 Net loss 72,122 72,122 Balance at January 2, 2005
99,411 485,318 57,029 26,735 515,612  The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
48 Table of Contents
POWERWAVE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS in thousands  Fiscal Years Ended January 2,2005 December28,2003 December29,2002 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income loss 72,122 32,859 4,111 Adjustments to reconcile net income loss to net cash provided by operating activities Depreciation and amortization 37,555 19,214 22,053 In-process research and development charge 23,450 Non-cash restructuring and impairment charges 458 10,909 Provision for sales returns and doubtful accounts 822 2,004 3,967 Provision for excess and obsolete inventories 2,249 3,308 5,797 Deferred income taxes 45,748 20,503 11,339 Tax benefit from stock issuances 283 573 1,291 Compensation costs related to stock options 38 59 Loss gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment 92 24 770 Gain on sale of assets held for sale 532 Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions Accounts receivable 129 5,019 2,502 Inventories 10,084 10,724 2,193 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 7,986 624 3,693 Accounts payable 20,794 22,099 4,150 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 7,785 643 7,907 Other non-current assets 4,681 3,574 2,185 Other non-current liabilities 102 35 15 Net cash provided by used in operating activities 13,742 6,906 40,076 CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Purchase of property, plant and equipment 12,693 3,903 5,062 Restricted cash 25 310 190 Short-term investments 55,125 50,075 30,000 Proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment 1,384 1,515 1,198 Proceeds from sale of assets held for sale 6,382 Acquisition, net of cash acquired 88,537 9,934 Net cash used in investing activities 148,614 62,707 34,054 CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from long-term debt, net of issuance costs 197,956 125,869 Principal payments on long-term debt 33,124 79 819 Common stock repurchases 40,000 25,000 Proceeds from the sale of stock under Employee Stock Purchase Plan 1,591 1,505 1,941 Proceeds from exercise of stock options 1,045 1,120 2,024 Net cash provided by financing activities 127,468 103,415 3,146 EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATES ON CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 2,486 NET INCREASE DECREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 32,402 47,614 9,168 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, beginning of period 179,853 132,239 123,071 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, end of period 147,451 179,853 132,239  The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
49 Table of Contents
POWERWAVE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS, CONTINUED in thousands
Fiscal Years Ended January2,2005
December28,2003 December29,2002 SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION Cash paid received for Interest expense 2,149 46 81 Income taxes 2,666 160 9,662  For supplemental cash
flow information related to the Companys acquisitions, see Note 17. Acquisitions.  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
50 Table of Contents
POWERWAVE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS tabular amounts in thousands, except per share data  Note 1. Nature of Operations  Powerwave is a global supplier of end-to-end wireless solutions for wireless communications networks. Powerwave designs, manufactures and markets
antennas, boosters, combiners, filters, radio frequency power amplifiers, repeaters, tower-mounted amplifiers and advanced coverage solutions for use in cellular, PCS and 3G networks throughout the world. The Company also manufactures and sells
advanced industrial components, primarily for the automotive and food industries, under contract manufacturing arrangements.  Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  Basis of Presentation  The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and
include the accounts of Powerwave Technologies, Inc. and its subsidiaries. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.  During the second quarter of fiscal 2004, Powerwave completed its acquisition
of LGP Allgon see Note 17. Acquisitions. The consolidated financial statements include the operations of LGP Allgon from May 2004 forward.  Reclassifications  Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation.  Fiscal Year  The Company operates on a 52-53 week fiscal year that ends on the Sunday
closest to December 31. The Companys fiscal quarters generally span 13 weeks, with the exception of a 53-week fiscal year, when an additional week is added during the first quarter to adjust the year to the Sunday closest to December 31.
Fiscal year 2002 ended on December 29, 2002, and fiscal 2003 ended on December 28, 2003. Fiscal year 2004, a 53-week fiscal year, ended on January 2, 2005.  New Accounting Pronouncements  In December 2004, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards 123R Revised 2004,
Share-Based Payments SFAS 123R, which requires that the compensation cost relating to share-based payment transactions be recognized in financial statements based on alternative fair value models. The share-based compensation
cost will be measured based on the fair value of the equity or liability instruments issued. The Company currently discloses pro forma compensation expense quarterly and annually. Upon adoption, the pro forma disclosures previously permitted under
SFAS 123 will no longer be an alternative to financial statement recognition. The provisions of SFAS 123R are effective as of the beginning of the first interim or annual reporting period that begins after June 15, 2005. The Company is currently
evaluating the method of adoption and the effect that the adoption of SFAS 123R will have on its financial position and results of operations.  In November 2004, the FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards 151, Inventory Costs an amendment of ARB No. 43, Chapter 4
SFAS 151. SFAS 151 amends the guidance in ARB No. 43 to clarify the accounting for abnormal amounts of idle facility expense, freight, handling costs, and wasted material spoilage. SFAS 151 requires that these costs be
recognized as current period charges regardless of whether they are abnormal. In addition, SFAS 151 requires that allocation of fixed production overheads to the costs of manufacturing be based on the normal capacity of the production facilities.
The provisions of SFAS 151 are effective for inventory costs incurred during fiscal years beginning after June 15, 2005. The Company is currently evaluating the effect that the adoption of this new standard may have on its consolidated financial
position or results of operations. 
51 Table of Contents
Use of Estimates  The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during reporting years. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  Cash and Cash Equivalents  Cash and cash equivalents generally consist of cash, time deposits, commercial paper, money market funds and other money market instruments with original
maturity dates of three months or less. The Company invests its excess cash in only investment grade money market instruments from companies in a variety of industries and, therefore, believes that it bears minimal principal risk. Such investments
are stated at cost, which approximates fair value.  Short-term Investments  Short-term
investments, which are classified as available for sale, generally consist of auction rate securities with contractual maturities that may range up to 30 years and interest rates that reset at auction intervals ranging from between 28
and 35 days. These auction-rate securities are readily saleable at par value on the auction dates. The carrying value of these securities approximates fair value, therefore there are no unrealized gains or losses recorded. These investments have
been recorded as current assets as they are available for current operations. In prior years, such investments were included in cash equivalents. In 2004, the Company determined such amounts should properly be classified as short-term investments.
As a result, the Company has reclassified $801 million in the fiscal 2003 consolidated balance sheet from cash and cash equivalents to short-term investments to conform to the current year presentation. Additionally, the Company made
reclassifications to the prior years statements of cash flows to record the net purchases of auction rate securities of $501 million and $300 million for fiscal 2003 and 2002, respectively, as an investing activity.  Accounts Receivable  The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers and
generally does not require collateral. The Company continuously monitors collections and payments from its customers and regularly adjusts credit limits of customers based upon payment history and a customers current credit worthiness, as
judged by the Company. The Company records a provision for estimated credit losses and such losses have been within managements expectations.  Inventories  Inventories are stated at the lower of cost, determined on a first-in, first-out basis, or market. The Company periodically reviews inventory quantities
on hand and records a provision for excess and obsolete inventories based primarily on historical usage, current production requirements and forecasted product demand.  Property, Plant and Equipment  Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost. The Company depreciates or amortizes these assets using the straight-line
method over the estimated useful lives of the various classes of assets, as follows:  Machinery and equipment
2 to 8 years
Office furniture and equipment
3 to 5 years
Leasehold improvements
Remaining life of lease
Property under capital leases
3 to 5 years
Buildings
30 years
Building improvements
Remaining life of building
The Company
periodically reviews the recoverability of its long-lived assets using the methodology prescribed in Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 144, Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets. The Company also reviews
these assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of these assets is determined 
52 Table of Contents
by comparing the forecasted undiscounted future net cash flows from the operations to which the assets relate, based on
managements best estimates using appropriate assumptions and projections at the time, to the carrying amount of the assets. If the carrying value is determined not to be recoverable from future operating cash flows, the asset is deemed
impaired and an impairment loss is recognized equal to the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the estimated fair value of the asset.  Goodwill, Intangible Assets and Other Long-Lived Assets Management  The Company records the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations at their respective fair values at
the date of acquisition, with any excess purchase price recorded as goodwill. Because of the expertise required to value intangible assets and in-process research and development, management typically engages independent valuation specialists to
assist in determining those values. Valuation of intangible assets and in-process research and development entails significant estimates and assumptions including, but not limited to, determining the timing and expected costs to complete development
projects, estimating future cash flows from product sales, developing appropriate discount rates, estimating probability rates for the successful completion of development projects, continuation of customer relationships and renewal of customer
contracts, and approximating the useful lives of the intangible assets acquired.  Purchased intangible assets with determinable useful lives are carried at cost less accumulated amortization, and are amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives, which generally average
five years. The Company reviews the recoverability of the carrying value of identified intangibles and other long-lived assets, including fixed assets, on an annual basis or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of these assets is determined based upon the forecasted undiscounted future net cash flows expected to result from the use of such asset and its eventual disposition. Powerwaves
estimate of future cash flows is based upon, among other things, certain assumptions about expected future operating performance, growth rates and other factors. The actual cash flows realized from these assets may vary significantly from our
estimates due to increased competition, changes in technology, fluctuations in demand, consolidation of our customers and reductions in average selling prices. If the carrying value of an asset is determined not to be recoverable from future
operating cash flows, the asset is deemed impaired and an impairment loss is recognized to the extent the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair market value of the asset.  The Company reviews the recoverability of the carrying value of goodwill on an annual basis or more frequently when an event
occurs or circumstances change to indicate that an impairment of goodwill has possibly occurred. The determination of whether any potential impairment of goodwill exists is based upon a comparison of the fair value of a reporting unit to the
accounting value of the underlying net assets of such reporting unit. To determine the fair value of a reporting unit, management reviews the market value of the Companys outstanding Common Stock based upon its average and closing stock
prices, as well as subjective valuations for the reporting unit based on multiples of sales, EBITDA and EBIT, and other valuation metrics. If the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the accounting value of the underlying net assets,
goodwill is deemed impaired and an impairment loss is recorded to the extent that the carrying value of goodwill exceeds the difference between the fair value of the reporting unit and the fair value of all its underlying identifiable assets and
liabilities.  Warranties  Powerwave offers warranties of various lengths to its customers depending
upon the specific product and terms of the customer purchase agreement. Standard warranties require the Company to repair or replace defective product returned to it during such warranty period at no cost to the customer. The Company records an
estimate for standard warranty-related costs based on its actual historical return rates and repair costs at the time of the sale and update such estimate throughout the warranty period. While Powerwaves warranty costs have historically been
within its expectations and the provisions established, there is no guarantee that the Company will continue to experience the same warranty return rates or repair costs that it has in the past. Powerwave also has contractual commitments to various
customers that require it to incur costs to repair an epidemic defect with respect to its products outside of our standard warranty period if such defect were to occur. Any costs related to epidemic defects are generally recorded at the time the
epidemic defect becomes known to the Company and the costs of repair can be reasonably estimated. While the Company has not historically experienced significant costs related to epidemic defects, there is no guarantee that it will not experience
significant costs to repair epidemic defects in the future. 
53 Table of Contents
Stock Based Compensation  Pursuant to Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123, Accounting for Stock Based Compensation SFAS
123, the Company has elected to continue using the intrinsic value method of accounting for stock based awards granted to employees and directors in accordance with Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25, Accounting for Stock Issued to
Employees, and its related interpretations to account for its stock option and purchase plans. Powerwave only records compensation expense for stock based awards granted with an exercise price below the market value of the Companys stock
at the grant date.  The Black-Scholes option valuation model
prescribed by SFAS 123 was developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable. Option valuation methods require the input of highly subjective assumptions including the
expected stock price volatility. Using the Black-Scholes option valuation model, the estimated weighted average fair value of options granted during 2004, 2003, and 2002 were $248 per share, $254 per share, and $707 per share, respectively. Had
compensation cost for the Companys stock option plans and its stock purchase plans been determined based on the estimated fair value at the grant dates for awards under those plans consistent with the fair value method of SFAS 123 utilizing
the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, the Companys net income loss and basic and diluted earnings loss per share for the years ended January 2, 2005, December 28, 2003 and December 29, 2002, would have approximated the pro forma amounts
indicated below:  Fiscal Years Ended January2,2005 December28,2003 December29,2002 Net income loss As reported 72,122 32,859 4,111 Deduct: Additional expense per SFAS 123, fair value method, net of related tax effects 4,760 8,201 12,566 Pro forma 76,882 41,060 8,455 Basic earnings loss per share As reported 080 051 006 Pro forma 085 063 013 Diluted earnings loss per share As reported 080 051 006 Pro forma 085 063 013
The fair value of
options granted under the Companys stock incentive plans during 2004, 2003 and 2002 was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model utilizing the multiple option approach using the following weighted-average
assumptions:  Fiscal Years Ended January2,2005 December28,2003 December29,2002 Weighted average risk-free interest rate
280 200 218 Expected life in years
53 52 51 Expected stock volatility
57 67 180 Dividend yield
None None None
Due to the fact that
the Companys employee stock options have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options and any changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimates, management does not believe that
the Black-Scholes model provides a reliable single measure of the fair value of its employee stock options. Therefore, the Company believes that the pro forma net expense per SFAS 123 calculated above is not a reliable measure of the costs of the
Companys stock option plans.  As previously discussed,
the FASB issued SFAS 123R in December 2004, which will require the Company to begin expensing stock options beginning within its third quarter of fiscal year 2005. 
54 Table of Contents
Revenue Recognition  The Company recognizes revenue from product sales at the time of shipment and passage of title. The Company also offers
certain of its customers a right to return within a limited time after delivery. The Company continuously monitors and tracks such returns and records a provision, as a charge to revenues, to reflect the Companys estimate of such returns,
based on historical experience and any notification received by the Company of such a return. Such returns have historically been within managements expectations.  Foreign Currency Translation  In accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 52, Foreign Currency Translation SFAS
52, some of Powerwaves international operations use the respective local currencies as their functional currency while other international operations use the U.S. Dollar as their functional currency. Gains and losses from foreign
currency transactions are recorded in other income, net. Revenue and expenses from the Companys international subsidiaries are translated using the monthly average exchange rates in effect for the period in which they occur. The Companys
international subsidiaries that have the U.S. Dollar as their functional currency translate monetary assets and liabilities using current rates of exchange at the balance sheet date and translate non-monetary assets and liabilities using historical
rates of exchange. Gains and losses from remeasurement for such subsidiaries are included in other income, net and have historically not been significant. The Companys international subsidiaries that do not have the U.S. Dollar as their
functional currency translate assets and liabilities at current rates of exchange in effect at the balance sheet date. The resulting gains and losses from translation for such subsidiaries are included as a component of shareholders equity.
Income Taxes  The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 109, Accounting for Income Taxes SFAS 109, which requires that the Company recognize deferred tax liabilities and assets based on the differences between the financial statement carrying
amounts and the tax bases of assets and liabilities, using enacted tax rates in effect in the years the differences are expected to reverse. Deferred income tax benefit expense results from the change in net deferred tax assets or deferred tax
liabilities. A valuation allowance is recorded when it is more likely than not that some or all or any deferred tax assets will not be realized.  Earnings Loss Per Share  In accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 128, Earnings Per Share SFAS 128, basic earnings loss per share
is based upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings loss per share is based upon the weighted average number of common and potential common shares for each period presented. Potential common shares include
stock options using the treasury stock method.  Note 3. Inventories
Net inventories consist of the following:  January2,2005
December28,2003
Parts and components 32,868 5,295
Work-in-process 2,183 722
Finished goods 30,768 9,170 Total inventories 65,819 15,187  Inventories are net of
an allowance for excess and obsolete inventories of approximately $157 million and $86 million as of January 2, 2005 and December 28, 2003, respectively.  
55 Table of Contents
Note 4. Property, Plant and Equipment  Net property, plant and equipment consist of the following:  January 2,2005 December28,2003 Machinery and equipment 187,163 51,464 Buildings and improvements 82,348 38,660 Land 24,155 14,838 Office furniture and equipment 15,008 12,171 Leasehold improvements 1,142 953 Construction-in-progress Gross property, plant and equipment 309,816 118,086 Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization 163,386 50,111 Total property, plant and equipment, net 146,430 67,975  During fiscal 2004 and
2003, Powerwave determined that certain of its equipment had become excess to its production requirements as a result of its restructuring efforts and, therefore, was no longer useful to the Company. This equipment was physically segregated from the
Companys remaining active equipment and sold or disposed of prior to January 2, 2005 and December 28, 2003. The difference between the estimated net selling price for such equipment and its net book value resulted in an impairment charge of
approximately $04 million and $30 million during fiscal 2004 and 2003, respectively. See Note 9. Restructuring and Impairment Charges for additional information.  Note 5. Goodwill  The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill by reportable operating segment for the years ended January 2, 2005 and December 28, 2003 are as follows:
Telecom Contract Manufacturing
Total Balance, December 29, 2002 4,852  4,852 Impairment charge 4,852 4,852 Goodwill from acquisition of Ericsson Amplifier Technologies 3,439 3,439 Balance, December 28, 2003 and 3,439 3,439 Goodwill from acquisition of LGP Allgon 218,275 18,980 237,255 Effect of foreign exchange rate changes 33,606 2,923 36,529 Balance, January 2, 2005 255,320 21,903 277,223  During the quarter
ended March 30, 2003, Powerwave determined that it was necessary to test its previously recorded goodwill for impairment as a result of the significant economic downturn effecting demand in the wireless infrastructure industry. Since Powerwave
operated in a single business segment as a single reporting unit at such time, the determination of whether any potential impairment of goodwill existed was based on a comparison of the fair value of the entire Company to the accounting value of its
net assets. In estimating the fair value of the entire Company, Powerwave reviewed the average and closing stock prices for its Common Stock, valuations based on multiples of sales, EBITDA and EBIT, as well as other factors. Based on a comparison of
these valuations to the accounting value of the underlying assets and liabilities, the Company concluded that the entire amount of its recorded goodwill had been impaired and, therefore, recorded a non-cash charge of $49 million in operating
expenses during the first quarter of fiscal 2003. The Company did not record any similar impairment charge during fiscal 2004. 
56 Table of Contents
Note 6. Intangible Assets  Intangible assets as of January 2, 2005 and December 28, 2003, respectively, are comprised of the following:  January 2, 2005
Wtd. Avg.AmortizationPeriod GrossCarryingAmount
AccumulatedAmortization Net BookValue Non-amortizing Trademark 787  787 Amortizing Developed technology 49,188 16,933 32,255
5years
Customer-related assets 40,428 8,104 32,324
5 years 90,403 25,037 65,366 December 28, 2003
Wtd. Avg.AmortizationPeriod GrossCarryingAmount
AccumulatedAmortization Net BookValue Developed technology 12,070 11,880 190
5 years  Future amortization
expense is expected to be $148 million, $137 million, $132 million, $129 million $81 million and $19 million in fiscal years 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009 and 2010, respectively.  Note 7. Other Non-Current Assets  Other non-current assets consist of the following:  January2,2005
December28,2003
Buildings held for sale 4,451 5,850
Deferred capitalized acquisition costs 3,607
Debt issue costs, net 8,957 3,769
Long-term deposits 3,459 Long-term prepaid expenses 229 91 Total other non-current assets 17,096 13,317  Note 8. Accrued Expenses and Other
Current Liabilities  Accrued expenses and other current
liabilities consist of the following:  January2,2005
December28,2003
Accrued warranty costs 10,164 4,829
Accrued compulsory share liability Note 17 7,923 Accrued value added tax 4,578 Accrued interest expense 1,270 750
Accrued sales tax 416 921
Other accrued expenses and other current liabilities 15,183 4,062 Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 39,534 10,562  Note 9. Restructuring and
Impairment Charges  Integration with LGP Allgon
In connection with Powerwaves acquisition of LGP
Allgon during the second quarter of fiscal 2004, the Company formulated and began to implement its plan to restructure and integrate LGP Allgons operations with Powerwaves operations. As a result, Powerwave recorded a restructuring
charge related to its legacy operations of approximately $26 million during fiscal 2004 in accordance with SFAS No. 146, Accounting for Costs Associated with Exit or Disposal Activities. This amount included approximately $22 million in
connection with workforce reductions of approximately 118 employees at various Powerwave operating locations and $04 million in connection with certain impaired equipment. Based on the job classification of the impacted employees or the 
57 Table of Contents
characterization of the underlying assets and lease expenses, approximately $05 million of this restructuring charge was
recorded in cost of sales and approximately $21 million was recorded in operating expenses. In addition, the Company recognized $221 million as liabilities or additional asset fair value adjustments in connection with the LGP Allgon acquisition
for estimated restructuring and integration costs related to the consolidation of LGP Allgon operations, including amounts for future lease obligations on excess facilities, impairment of excess equipment, write-downs of inventory for discontinued
product lines and severance related costs for expected workforce reductions. These estimated costs were included in the allocation of the purchase price and resulted in additional goodwill. Implementation of the Companys restructuring and
integration plan is underway and additional actions are expected pending certain product related decisions and the further assessment of workforce and facility related requirements. Integration activities related to such plan are currently expected
to continue through the second quarter of fiscal 2005.  Outsourcing of Radio Frequency Power Amplifier Production  During fiscal 2003, Powerwave accelerated the restructuring of its manufacturing operations to outsource the majority of its production to contract manufacturers located in Asia in order to further reduce the
Companys operating cost structure and enable it to be more competitive. Additionally, the Company accelerated the timing of technology transitions and new product introductions due to its transition to outsourced manufacturing and the
continued economic downturn that has significantly impacted demand in the wireless infrastructure industry. As a result, the Company recorded approximately $106 million of restructuring and impairment charges during fiscal 2003. These charges
included cash restructuring charges of approximately $46 million related primarily to severance payments made in connection with a reduction in its work force of approximately 550 employees. The remaining non-cash impairment charges of
approximately $60 million related to a $30 million write-down of excess manufacturing and test equipment that was disposed of and a $30 million write-down of certain product/technology and customer related intangibles, the value of which was
impaired by the technology and product transitions that were implemented during the year. These restructuring and impairment charges were recorded in cost of sales or operating expenses based upon the job classification of the impacted employees or
the character of the underlying assets. Approximately $79 million of these restructuring and impairment charges was recorded in cost of sales and approximately $76 million was recorded in operating expenses.  A summary of the activity that affected the Companys restructuring and
impair charges and accrued restructuring liability for the years ended December 28, 2003 and January 2, 2005 is as follows:  WorkforceReductions  GoodwillIntangible Write-downs Other Total Balance at December 29, 2002      Amounts expensed 4,550 2,982 7,927 15,459 Amounts paid/incurred 4,530 2,982 7,927 15,439 Balance at December 28, 2003 20 20 Amounts assumed from LGP Allgon 464 3,348 863 4,675 Amounts accrued in purchase accounting 12,665 3,409 1,348 17,422 Amounts expensed 2,151 458 2,609 Amounts paid/incurred 5,471 4,010 1,679 11,160 Effect of exchange rates 2,925 796 67 3,788 Balance at January 2, 2005 12,754 4,001  599 17,354  The accrued
restructuring liability at January 2, 2005 for workforce reductions is expected to be paid during fiscal year 2005 and the liability for facility closures is expected to be paid over the remaining lease term which ends in 2011.  Note 10. Financing Arrangements and Long-Term Debt  On November 10, 2004, Powerwave completed the private placement of $2000
million aggregate principal amount of convertible subordinated notes due November 2024 2024 Convert Notes to Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. The 2024 Convert Notes are convertible into the Common Stock of Powerwave at a conversion price
of $1109 per share and accrue interest at an annual rate of 1875%. Powerwave may redeem the 2024 Convert Notes beginning on November 21, 2009 until November 20, 2010 and on or after November 21, 2010 until November 20, 2011, if the closing price
of Powerwaves Common Stock is more than $1774 and $1442, respectively, for at least 20 trading days within a 30 consecutive trading day period. The notes may be redeemed by Powerwave at any time after November 21, 2011. Holders of the 2024
Convert Notes may require Powerwave to repurchase all or a portion of their notes for cash on November 15, 2011, 2014 and 2019 at 100% of the principal amount of the notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest up to but not including the date of such
repurchase. Holders of the 2024 Convert Notes 
58 Table of Contents
may also require Powerwave to repurchase all or a portion of their notes in the case of a change in control. In addition,
under certain circumstances related to a change in control, the conversion price of the 2024 Convert Notes may be adjusted downwards, thereby increasing the number of shares issuable upon conversion, if holders of the 2024 Convert Notes elect to
convert their notes at a time when the 2024 Convert Notes are not redeemable by the Company. Powerwave used a portion of the proceeds of the offering to fund the repurchase of $400 million of its Common Stock 5,050,505 shares simultaneously with
the issuance of the 2024 Convert Notes. The Company received net cash proceeds of approximately $1542 million after the deduction of the amount used for the Common Stock repurchase and debt issuance costs.  On July 18, 2003, Powerwave completed the private placement of $1300 million
aggregate principal amount of 125% convertible subordinated notes due July 2008 2008 Convert Notes. The 2008 Convert Notes are convertible into shares of the Common Stock of Powerwave at a conversion price of $1049 per share and
accrue interest at an annual rate of 125% with interest payable semi-annually on January 15 and July 15. The 2008 Convert Notes are callable by the Company beginning July 22, 2007. Powerwave used a portion of the proceeds of the offering to fund
the repurchase of $250 million of the Companys Common Stock 3,144,654 shares simultaneously with the issuance of the 2008 Convert Notes. The Company received net cash proceeds of approximately $1009 million after the deduction of the
amount used for the Common Stock repurchase and debt issuance costs.  Both the 2024 Convert Notes and 2008 Convert Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Company and are subordinate in right of payment to all of the Companys existing and future senior indebtedness. In addition, the indenture for
the notes does not restrict the Company from incurring senior debt or other indebtedness and does not impose any financial covenants on the Company.  As part of our acquisition of LGP Allgon, we assumed short-term and long-term debt obligations consisting primarily of fixed and variable rate bank term
loans, and amounts outstanding under bank lines of credit. From the date of acquisition through January 2, 2005, we repaid the entire amount of bank debt assumed in the acquisition which totaled approximately $331 million.  Note 11. 401k and Profit-Sharing Plans  The Company sponsors a 401k and profit-sharing plan covering all eligible
U.S. employees and provides for a Company match in cash on a portion of participant contributions. The Companys 401k and profit sharing plan is managed by Fidelity Investments, and is an employee self-directed plan which offers a variety of
investment choices via mutual funds. Employees may contribute up to 15% of their base salary, subject to IRS maximums. During fiscal 2004, the Company matched 100% of the first 3% of eligible compensation contributed and 50% of the next 2% of
eligible compensation contributed. Effective fiscal 2005, the Company matches 100% of the first 5% of eligible compensation contributed. The Companys matching contributions are made in cash and are invested in the same percentage among the
various funds offered as selected by the employee. Employer matching contributions for the years ended January 2, 2005, December 28, 2003 and December 29, 2002 were $09 million, $10 million, and $12 million, respectively. There were no
discretionary profit sharing contributions authorized for the years ended January 2, 2005, December 28, 2003 or December 29, 2002.  Note 12. Employee Stock Purchase Plan  The Companys Employee Stock Purchase Plan the ESPP provides that a total of 3,000,000 shares of Common Stock are reserved for issuance
under the plan. The ESPP, which is intended to qualify as an employee stock purchase plan under Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code, is implemented utilizing six-month offerings with purchases occurring at six-month intervals. The
ESPP administration is overseen by the Board of Directors. Employees are eligible to participate if they are employed by the Company for at least 20 hours per week and if they have been employed by the Company for at least 90 days. The ESPP permits
eligible employees to purchase Common Stock through payroll deductions, which may not exceed 20% of an employees compensation. The price of Common Stock purchased under the ESPP is 85% of the lower of the fair market value of the Common Stock
at the beginning of each six-month offering period or on the applicable purchase date. Employees may end their participation in an offering at any time during the offering period, and participation ends automatically upon termination of employment.
The Board may at any time amend or terminate the ESPP, except that no such amendment or termination may adversely affect shares previously granted under the ESPP. During fiscal 2004, the fourteenth and fifteenth purchases under the ESPP occurred on
January 30, 2004 and July 30, 2004, respectively. A total of 139,117 shares were purchased in the fourteenth purchase at $649 per share and 146,703 shares were purchased in the fifteenth purchase at $469 per share. At January 2, 2005, there were
rights to purchase approximately 161,000 shares under the ESPPs sixteenth offering, which will conclude on January 31, 2005. There were 1,342,102 shares available for purchase at January 2, 2005 under the ESPP. 
59 Table of Contents
Note 13. Stock Option Plans  The purposes of the Companys stock option plans are to attract and retain the best available personnel for positions
of substantial responsibility with the Company and to provide participants with additional incentives in the form of options to purchase the Companys Common Stock which will encourage them to acquire a proprietary interest in, and to align
their financial interests with those of the Company and its shareholders. All of the Companys stock option plans have been approved by the Companys shareholders.  1995 Stock Option Plan  The Companys 1995 Stock Option Plan the 1995 Plan, as amended, permits executive personnel, key employees and non-employee members of
the Board of Directors of the Company to participate in ownership of the Company. The 1995 Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee of the Companys Board of Directors. The 1995 Plan provides for the grant of non-statutory stock
options under the applicable provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. The option price per share may not be less than 85% of the fair market value of a share of Common Stock on the grant date as determined by the Companys Board of Directors.
In addition, for any individual possessing 10% or more of the voting power of all classes of stock of the Company, the exercise price may not be less than 110% of the fair market value of a share of Common Stock on the grant date, as determined by
the Companys Board of Directors. Options generally vest at the rate of 25% on the first anniversary of the grant date and 2% per month thereafter. All options expire no later than ten years after the grant date. Up to 5,815,845 shares of the
Companys Common Stock were reserved for issuance under the 1995 Plan. Pursuant to the amended Stockholders Agreement dated as of November 8, 1996, between the Company and certain of its original shareholders, those certain shareholders
agreed that once the Company issued 3,285,000 shares of Common Stock under the 1995 Stock Option Plan, any additional shares issued under that Plan upon an option exercise would be coupled with a redemption from those shareholders of an equal number
of shares at a redemption price equaling the option exercise price. The Company and those certain shareholders have agreed that this share redemption agreement applies only to the exercise of options to purchase a total of 2,530,845 shares of the
Companys Common Stock. As of January 2, 2005, a total of 5,569,071 options have been exercised under the 1995 Plan, of which a total of 2,284,071 shares of Common Stock have been funded from those shareholders party to the amended
Stockholders Agreement. The effect of this transaction is to eliminate any dilution from the further exercise of options under the 1995 Plan. At January 2, 2005, there were 234,556 options outstanding under the 1995 Plan at a weighted average
exercise price of $358 per share. There were 12,218 shares available for grant under the 1995 Plan at January 2, 2005 and there were a total of 246,774 shares of Common Stock held in escrow by the Company on behalf of those shareholders party to
the Stockholders Agreement to fund all future exercises under the 1995 Plan.  1996 Stock Incentive Plan  The Companys 1996 Stock Incentive Plan the 1996 Plan, as amended, provides for the granting of incentive stock options, within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended the
Code, non-statutory options and restricted stock grants to directors, officers, employees and consultants of the Company, except that incentive stock options may not be granted to non-employee directors or consultants. A total of
9,000,000 shares of the Companys Common Stock are reserved for issuance under the 1996 Plan. As of January 2, 2005, all of the options granted under the 1996 Plan have been non-statutory options. The 1996 Plan provides that for non-statutory
stock options, the option price per share may not be less than 85% of the fair market value of a share of Common Stock on the grant date and that the exercise price may not be less than 110% of the fair market value of a share of Common Stock on the
grant date for any individual possessing 10% or more of the voting power of all classes of stock of the Company. Authority to control and manage the 1996 Plan is vested with the Companys Board of Directors, which has sole discretion and
authority, consistent with the provisions of the 1996 Plan, to determine the administration of the 1996 Plan and to determine which eligible participants will receive options, the time when options will be granted, the terms of options granted and
the number of shares which will be subject to options granted under the 1996 Plan. Options generally vest at the rate of 25% on the first anniversary of the grant date and the remaining 75% vests in equal monthly installments over the following
three years. All options expire no later than ten years after the grant date. As of January 2, 2005, a total of 4,117,549 options had been exercised under the 1996 Plan and there were 4,564,591 options outstanding under the 1996 Plan at a
weighted average exercise price of $1211 per share. There were 317,860 shares available for grant under the 1996 Plan at January 2, 2005. 
60 Table of Contents
1996 Director Stock Option Plan  The Companys 1996 Director Stock Option Plan the Director Plan, as amended, provides that a total of
1,200,000 shares of the Companys Common Stock are reserved for issuance under the plan. The Director Plan provides that each member of the Companys Board of Directors who is not an employee or paid consultant of the Company will
automatically be eligible to receive non-statutory options to purchase common stock under the Director Plan. Pursuant to the terms of the Director Plan, each director elected after December 5, 1996, will be granted an initial option under the
Director Plan covering 30,000 shares of Common Stock, that shall vest at the rate of 25% on the first anniversary of the grant date and the remaining 75% shall vest in equal monthly installments over the following three years. Furthermore, on each
anniversary date of December 5, each director who shall have been an eligible participant under the Director Plan for at least six 6 months shall be granted an annual option under the Director Plan to purchase 10,000 shares of Common Stock that
vests 100% on the fourth anniversary date of the grant. The Director Plan provides that the exercise price per share of grants issued under the Director Plan shall be equal to 100% of the fair market value of a share of Common Stock on the grant
date. All options expire no later than five years after the grant date. As of January 2, 2005, a total of 195,000 options had been exercised under the Director Plan. There were 420,000 options outstanding under the Director Plan as of January 2,
2005 at a weighted average exercise price of $1693 per share. There were 585,000 shares available for grant under the Director Plan at January 2, 2005.  2000 Stock Option Plan  The Companys 2000 Stock Option Plan the 2000 Plan provides that a total of 2,640,000 shares of the Companys Common Stock are
reserved for issuance under the 2000 Plan. The 2000 Plan provides for the granting of only non-statutory stock options to employees, executive officers and consultants of the Company. The exercise price per share of Common Stock of the Company
covered by each option shall be equal to 100% of the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date that the option is granted. In no event shall any participant under the 2000 Plan be granted options under the 2000 Plan covering more than
300,000 shares in any one calendar year. Authority to control and manage the 2000 Plan is vested with the Companys Board of Directors, which has sole discretion and authority, consistent with the provisions of the 2000 Plan, to determine the
administration of the 2000 Plan. The Board of Directors may delegate such responsibilities in whole or in part to a committee consisting of two or more members of the Board of Directors or two or more executive officers of the Company the
Administrator. All option grants to executive officers of the Company shall be approved by the Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. The Administrator of the 2000 Plan shall have the authority,
consistent with the provisions of the 2000 Plan and the authority granted by the Board of Directors, to determine which eligible participants will receive options, the time when options will be granted, the terms of options granted and the number of
shares which will be subject to options granted under the 2000 Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrator shall not have the authority to amend an Option Agreement to effect a re-pricing of the exercise price of an option
either by i lowering the exercise price of a previously granted option or ii by canceling a previously granted option and granting a new option, except that changes in the Companys capital structure or a change in control of the Company
pursuant to the terms of the 2000 Plan shall not be considered a re-pricing of such option. Options generally vest at the rate of 25% on the first anniversary of the grant date and the remaining 75% vests in equal monthly installments over the
following three years. All options expire no later than five years after the grant date. As of January 2, 2005, 17,970 shares had been exercised under the 2000 Plan. There were 2,330,967 options outstanding under the 2000 Plan as of January 2, 2005
at a weighted average exercise price of $1158 per share. There were 291,063 shares available for grant under the 2000 plan at January 2, 2005.  2002 Stock Option Plan  The Companys 2002 Stock Option Plan the 2002 Plan was approved by the shareholders of the Company on April 24, 2002. The 2002 Plan
provides that a total of 2,000,000 shares of the Companys Common Stock are reserved for issuance under the 2002 Plan. Employees and consultants or independent advisors who are in the service of the Company or its subsidiaries are eligible to
participate in the 2002 Plan. The Companys executive officers and other highly paid employees are also eligible to participate in the 2002 Plan. The 2002 Plan provides only for the granting of non-statutory stock options. The exercise price
per share of Common Stock of the Company covered by each option shall be equal to 100% of the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date that the option is granted. In no event shall any participant under the 2002 Plan be granted options
under the 2002 plan covering more than 300,000 shares in any one calendar year. All options granted pursuant to the 2002 Plan shall have a maximum term of no more than ten years from the grant date. Authority to control and manage the 2002 Plan is
vested with the Companys Board of Directors, which has sole discretion and authority, consistent with the provisions of the 2002 Plan, to determine the administration of the 2002 Plan. The Board of Directors may delegate such responsibilities
in whole or in part to a committee consisting of two or more members of the Board of Directors 
61 Table of Contents
or two or more officers of the Company. All option grants to executive officers of the Company shall be approved by the
Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. The Administrator of the 2002 Plan shall have the authority, consistent with the provisions of the 2002 Plan and the authority of the Board of Directors, to determine which
eligible participants will receive options, the time when options will be granted, the terms of options granted and the number of shares which will be subject to options granted under the 2002 Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrator
shall not have the authority to amend an option agreement to effect a re-pricing of the exercise price of such option either by 1 lowering the exercise price of a previously granted option or 2 by canceling a previously granted
option and granting a new option except that changes in the Companys capital structure or a change in control of the Company pursuant to the terms of the 2002 Plan shall not be considered a re-pricing of such option. As of January 2, 2005,
97,101 shares had been exercised under the 2002 Plan. There were 1,399,137 options outstanding under the 2002 Plan as of January 2, 2005 at a weighted average exercise price of $523 per share. There were 503,762 shares available for grant under the
2002 plan at January 2, 2005.  The following table summarizes
activity under the Companys stock plans:  NumberofShares WeightedAverageExercisePrice
Number ofOptionsExercisable
WeightedAverageExercisePrice
Balance at December 30, 2001
8,022 1739
3,319 1354
Granted
3,033 817 Exercised
468 459 Canceled
988 2421 Balance at December 29, 2002
9,599 1440
4,545 1561
Granted
1,527 663 Exercised
317 396 Canceled
1,857 2113 Balance at December 28, 2003
8,952 1205
4,855 1391
Granted
1,603 751 Exercised
251 486 Canceled
1,355 1441 Balance at January 2, 2005
8,949 1090
5,556 1318  The following table
summarizes information about all stock options outstanding at January 2, 2005 under the 1995 Plan, 1996 Plan, Director Plan, 2000 Plan and 2002 Plan:  Options Outstanding at January 2, 2005
Options Exercisable atJanuary 2, 2005
Range of Exercise Prices
OptionsOutstanding
WeightedAverageExercisePrice
WeightedAverage Remaining ContractualLife
OptionsExercisable
WeightedAverage ExercisePrice
$ 082 - $ 501
1,863 398
551
1,140 339
$ 513 - $ 541
1,460 540
683
851 541
$ 542 - $ 675
1,362 645
608
503 646
$ 691 - $1067
1,309 864
582
526 1001
$1087 - $1465
1,294 1205
440
1,027 1207
$1516 - $3329
1,319 2142
336
1,167 2194
$3331 - $6708
342 5344
445
342 5345 Total
8,949 1090
534
5,556 1318  The Company records
compensation expense for any options granted with an exercise price below the market value of the Companys Common Stock at the date of grant. This compensation expense is calculated as the difference between the market value of the stock and
the option exercise price at the grant date and is amortized over the option vesting period. The Company recorded a total of $004 million and $006 million as compensation expense during fiscal years 2003 and 2002, respectively. There was no
remaining unamortized compensation expense as of December 28, 2003 and, therefore, no recorded compensation expense in fiscal 2004. 
62 Table of Contents
Note 14. Commitments and Contingencies  Future minimum lease payments required under all operating leases at January 2, 2005 are payable as follows:  Fiscal Year
Total
2005 4,316
2006 3,754
2007 2,098
2008 1,434
2009 1,236
Thereafter 967 Total 13,805  Total rent expense was
$34 million, $19 million and $20 million for the years ended January 2, 2005, December 28, 2003 and December 29, 2002, respectively.  Powerwave is subject to various legal proceedings from time to time as part of its business. As of January 2, 2005, Powerwave was not currently party to
any legal proceedings or threatened legal proceedings, the adverse outcome of which, individually or in the aggregate, it believes would have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations.  Note 15. Contractual Guarantees and Indemnities  The Company establishes reserves for future product warranty costs that are
expected to be incurred pursuant to specific warranty provisions with its customers. The Company also has contractual requirements with various customers that could require the Company to incur costs to repair an epidemic defect with respect to its
products outside of the normal warranty period if such defect were to occur. The Companys warranty reserves are generally established at the time of sale and updated throughout the warranty period based upon numerous factors including
historical warranty return rates and expenses over various warranty periods. The Company also accrues additional warranty liabilities for significant and unusual product performance issues at the time such issues are identified and the associated
warranty related costs can be reasonably estimated. A summary of the activity that affected the Companys accrued warranty costs for the years ended December 28, 2003 and January 2, 2005 is as follows:  Description
AccruedWarrantyCosts Balance at December 29, 2002 5,133 Reductions for warranty costs incurred 3,265 Warranty accrual related to current year sales 2,771 Change in estimate related to previous warranty accruals 190 Balance at December 28, 2003 4,829 Reserve balances acquired with LGP Allgon 7,521 Reductions for warranty costs incurred 5,057 Warranty accrual related to current year sales 3,071 Change in estimate related to previous warranty accruals 200 Balance at January 2, 2005 10,164  During its normal
course of business, the Company makes certain contractual guarantees and indemnities pursuant to which the Company may be required to make future payments under specific circumstances. Powerwave has not recorded any liability for these contractual
guarantees and indemnities in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. A description of significant contractual guarantees and indemnities existing as of January 2, 2005 is included below:  Intellectual Property Indemnities  The Company indemnifies certain customers and its contract manufacturers
against liability arising from third-party claims of intellectual property rights infringement related to the Companys products. These indemnities appear in development and supply agreements with 
63 Table of Contents
our customers as well as manufacturing service agreements with our contract manufacturers, are not limited in amount or
duration and generally survive the expiration of the contract. Given that the amount of any potential liabilities related to such indemnities cannot be determined until an infringement claim has been made, Powerwave is unable to determine the
maximum amount of losses that it could incur related to such indemnifications. Historically, any amounts payable pursuant to such intellectual property indemnifications have not had a material effect on the Companys business, financial
condition or results of operations.  Director and Officer
Indemnities and Contractual Guarantees  The Company has
entered into indemnification agreements with its directors and executive officers which require the Company to indemnify such individuals to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. The Companys indemnification obligations under such
agreements are not limited in amount or duration. Certain costs incurred in connection with such indemnifications may be recovered under certain circumstances under various insurance policies. Given that the amount of any potential liabilities
related to such indemnities cannot be determined until a lawsuit has been filed against a director or executive officer, the Company is unable to determine the maximum amount of losses that it could incur relating to such indemnifications.
Historically, any amounts payable pursuant to such director and officer indemnifications have not had a material negative effect on the Companys business, financial condition or results of operations.  The Company has also entered into severance and change in control agreements
with certain of its executives. These agreements provide for the payment of specific compensation benefits to such executives upon the termination of their employment with Powerwave.  General Contractual Indemnities/Products Liability  During the normal course of business, the Company enters into contracts with customers where it has agreed to indemnify the
other party for personal injury or property damage caused by the Companys products. The Companys indemnification obligations under such agreements are not limited in duration and are generally not limited in amount. Historically, any
amounts payable pursuant to such contractual indemnities have not had a material negative effect on the Companys business, financial condition or results of operations. The Company maintains product liability insurance as well as errors and
omissions insurance which may provide a source of recovery to the Company in the event of an indemnification claim.  Workers Compensation Insurance Guarantees  The Company has issued a guarantee in the form of a standby letter of credit in the amount of $600,000 as a security for contingent liabilities under
certain workers compensation insurance policies. This letter of credit is supported by a pledge of a cash deposit of $600,000 with the bank that issued the letter of credit. The Companys workers compensation insurance carrier may draw upon the
letter of credit if the Company does not fund its required portion of workers compensation claims.  Other Guarantees and Indemnities  The Company occasionally issues guarantees for certain contingent liabilities under various contractual arrangements, including customer contracts,
self-insured retentions under certain insurance policies, and governmental value-added tax compliance programs. These guarantees normally take the form of standby letters of credit issued by the Companys bank, which may be secured by cash
deposits or pledges, or performance bonds issued by an insurance company. Historically, any amounts payable pursuant to such guarantees have not had a material negative effect on Powerwaves business, financial condition or results of
operations. In addition, the Company, as part of the agreements to register the convertible notes it issued in November 2004 and July 2003, agreed to indemnify the selling security holders against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the
Securities Act of 1933. The Companys indemnification obligations under such agreements are not limited in duration and generally not limited in amount. 
64 Table of Contents
Note 16. Income Taxes  The components of income loss before income taxes and provision benefit for income taxes for the fiscal years ended January 2, 2005, December 28, 2003
and December 29, 2002 consists of the following:  Fiscal Years Ended January2,2005 December28,2003 December29,2002 Income loss before income taxes United States 20,206 49,876 5,745 Foreign 6,603 3,554 128 Total 26,809 53,430 5,873 Provision for benefit from income taxes Current Federal 632 179 9,337 State 786 34 240 Foreign 983 77 Total current provision benefit 435 68 9,577 Deferred Federal 36,367 17,914 11,008 State 6,728 2,597 298 Foreign 2,653 8 33 Total deferred provision benefit 45,748 20,503 11,339 Total 45,313 20,571 1,762  The provision
benefit for income taxes in the accompanying consolidated financial statements reconciles to the amount computed by applying the federal statutory rate of 35% to income loss before income taxes for the fiscal years ended January 2, 2005,
December 28, 2003 and December 29, 2002 as follows:  Fiscal Years Ended January2,2005 December28,2003 December29,2002 Taxes at federal statutory rate 9,384 18,700 2,055 State taxes, net 3,746 1,666 57 In-process research and development charge 8,208 Foreign income taxed at different rates 888 132 286 Research and experimentation tax credits 1,135 1,052 Other 5 73 50 Change in federal valuation allowance 44,771 1,052 Provision benefit for income taxes 45,313 20,571 1,762  Deferred income taxes
reflect the net tax effects of tax carry-forwards and temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities for tax and financial reporting purposes. The Companys deferred tax assets and liabilities were comprised of the
following major components:  January2,2005 December28,2003 Deferred Tax Assets Accruals and provisions 9,022 4,327 Amortizable intangible assets 10,827 Inventory 2,955 3,951 Net operating loss carry-forwards 42,895 27,503 Property, plant and equipment 7,604 Tax credit carry-forwards 10,475 10,926 Other 82 137 Gross deferred tax assets 73,033 57,671 Less: valuation allowance 63,680 9,908 Net deferred tax assets 9,353 47,763 Deferred Tax Liabilities Amortizable intangible assets 8,302 Property, plant and equipment 2,496 State taxes 2,337 Unrepatriated foreign earnings 1,697 Gross deferred tax liabilities 9,999 4,833 Net deferred tax assets liabilities 646 42,930 
65 Table of Contents
As of January 2, 2005, Powerwave had combined federal and state operating loss carry-forwards of
approximately $1185 million and $1494 million, respectively, that expire from 2016 to 2024 and foreign operating loss carry-forwards of $193 million with no expiration date. The Company also had federal and California tax credit carry-forwards of
$36 million and $69 million, respectively. The federal tax credits will begin to expire in 2016 and the California tax credits will begin to expire in 2006. 
Undistributed earnings of the Companys foreign subsidiaries amounted to approximately $59 million and $03 million at January 2, 2005 and
December 28, 2003, respectively. The Company has provided for the estimated residual U.S. tax on the portion of these earnings, that may not be indefinitely reinvested. The remaining earnings are considered to be indefinitely reinvested. Upon
distribution of those earnings in the form of dividends or otherwise, some portion of the distribution would be subject to both foreign withholding taxes and U.S. income taxes, less applicable foreign tax credits. Determination of the amount of U.S.
income tax liability that would be incurred is not practicable because of the complexities associated with its hypothetical calculation.  The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income and the actual timing within which the
underlying temporary differences become taxable or deductible. During fiscal 2004, the Company recorded a full valuation allowance against its U.S deferred tax assets due to its cumulative U.S. loss position and uncertainties involved in generating
sufficient U.S. taxable income in the future.  As part of the
LGP Acquisition, the Company assumed a tax liability related to a tax planning strategy for which the related deductions had previously been disallowed by the Swedish tax authority and the county administrative court. While Powerwave continues to
vigorously contest this determination, the estimated liability of approximately $152 million has been included on the balance sheet at January 2, 2005 within accrued income taxes.  Note 17. Acquisitions  LGP Allgon:  On May 3, 2004, the Company completed its exchange offer for the outstanding shares of LGP Allgon Holding AB LGP Allgon, a Swedish public
company and global provider of wireless infrastructure equipment and coverage solutions to wireless network communications operators and original equipment manufacturers. Pursuant to the terms of the exchange offer, LGP Allgon shareholders were
offered 11 shares of newly issued Powerwave Common Stock in exchange for each share of LGP Allgon common stock. In addition, pursuant to the exchange offer, Powerwave offered a cash alternative whereby LGP Allgon shareholders could alternatively
elect to exchange their LGP Allgon common stock for a fixed price of Swedish kronor SEK 6187 in lieu of Powerwave shares. This cash alternative was subject to an aggregate maximum of $1250 million. The acquisition of LGP Allgon
included all of the assets and liabilities, operations and business of LGP Allgon. Also included were all intellectual property rights to LGP Allgon products as well as in-process research and development activities. The products acquired include a
broad range of wireless infrastructure equipment including antennas, filters, repeaters, tower-mounted amplifiers and advanced coverage solutions. Powerwave believes that the acquisition of LGP Allgon increased the combined companys products
offerings within the global wireless infrastructure market and improved its ability to offer more complete end-to-end solutions for its customers complex network requirements. These factors contributed to a purchase price in excess of the fair
value of the net assets acquired, resulting in goodwill of approximately $2373 million as of May 3, 2004 which is not deductible for income tax purposes. Goodwill allocated to the telecom and contract manufacturing segments is estimated at $2183
million and $190 million, respectively.  As of January 2,
2005, Powerwave had acquired approximately 98% of LGP Allgons outstanding common stock in exchange for approximately $961 million in cash and 40,685,596 shares of Powerwave Common Stock, valued at $2970 million based upon the average closing
price for the three days before and after the announcement 
66 Table of Contents
of the transaction. The Company has initiated compulsory acquisition proceedings under Swedish law to acquire the
remaining LGP Allgon shares that were not tendered. The related compulsory share liability at the acquisition date was estimated at $147 million, a portion of which has been paid as of January 2, 2005. To the extent that the actual liability
differs from this amount, the difference will be adjusted to goodwill. The Company currently expects to pay approximately $79 million in the future to satisfy the outstanding compulsory share liability. There are approximately 785,948 shares of LGP
Allgon common stock outstanding.  The aggregate purchase price
of LGP Allgon was comprised of the following:  Common stock 297,005
Cash 88,217
Compulsory share liability 14,652
Transaction costs paid by Powerwave 7,678 Total purchase price 407,552  The Company has
completed a preliminary allocation of the aggregate purchase price to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed upon estimates of fair value determined by management with the assistance of independent valuation specialists. The
estimated fair values of the identifiable intangible assets acquired were determined using the income approach.  In connection with the acquisition, the Company formulated and implemented a plan to restructure and integrate the operations of the combined companies.
Pursuant to such plan, the Company recognized $221 million as liabilities or asset write-downs in connection with the acquisition for estimated restructuring and integration costs related to the consolidation of LGP Allgon operations, including
amounts for future lease obligations on excess facilities, impairment of excess equipment, write-downs of inventory for discontinued product lines and severance related costs for expected workforce reductions. These estimated costs were included in
the allocation of the purchase consideration in accordance with SFAS No. 141, Business Combinations and EITF 95-3, Recognition of Liabilities in Connection with a Purchase Business Combination. Implementation of the restructuring and
integration plan is underway and additional actions are expected pending certain product related decisions and the further assessment of workforce and facility related requirements. The restructuring and integration plan is expected to be finalized
by the end of the first quarter of fiscal 2005, at which time any additional charges will be recorded as an adjustment to goodwill. Integration activities related to such plan are currently expected to continue through the second quarter of fiscal
2005. See Note 9. Restructuring and Impairment Charges for additional information on the Companys restructuring and integration plans.  The Companys consolidated financial statements for the year ended January 2, 2005 include a charge of $235 million for the write-off of acquired
in-process research and development expenses associated with the acquisition of LGP Allgon. The in-process research and development expenses arose from new product projects that were under development at the date of the acquisition and were expected
to eventually lead to new products but had not yet established technological feasibility and for which no future alternative use was identified. The valuation of the in-process research and development projects was based upon the discounted expected
future net cash flows of the products over the products expected life, reflecting the estimated stage of completion of the projects and the estimate of the costs to complete the projects.  New product development projects underway at LGP Allgon at the time of the acquisition included, among others, various
antenna projects covering multiple system capabilities and full band functionality, various tower-mounted amplifier projects covering full band capability, various filter projects covering new product platforms, and various repeater projects
covering both EDGE and WCDMA applications. At the date of the acquisition, the Company estimated that the cost to complete these projects aggregated approximately $23 million and was expected to be incurred over a one year period. As of January 2,
2005, the Company believes that the remaining development projects are approximately 90% complete. Uncertainties that could impede the success of converting a development project to a developed technology include the availability of financial
resources to complete the project, failure of the technology to function properly, continued economic feasibility of developed technologies, customer acceptance, customer demand and customer qualification of such new technology, and general
competitive conditions in the industry. There can be no assurance that the in-process research and development projects will be successfully completed and commercially introduced. 
67 Table of Contents
The following table summarizes the preliminary allocation of the aggregate purchase price to the fair
value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the LGP Allgon acquisition:  Assets Cash 11,744 Restricted cash 5,364 Accounts receivable 66,269 Inventories 36,609 Prepaid assets and other current assets 11,266 Property, plant and equipment 81,726 Identifiable intangible assets 66,686 Goodwill 237,255 Other non-current assets 3,893 Total assets 520,812 Liabilities Accounts payable 45,668 Accrued liabilities and other current liabilities 60,064 Income taxes, net 3,006 Debt 27,789 Other non-current liabilities 183 Total liabilities 136,710 In process research and development 23,450 Total purchase price 407,552  The amount allocated
to identifiable intangible assets consists of the following:  Amount
Weighted Average Life
Patents and developed technology 30,970
5 years
Customer related assets 35,034
5 years
Trademarks 682
Indefinite-lived Total identifiable intangible assets 66,686  The following
unaudited pro forma financial information for fiscal years ended January 2, 2005 and December 28, 2003, assumes that the LGP Allgon acquisition had occurred on the first day of each period presented. The pro forma financial information is presented
for information purposes only. The unaudited pro forma financial information excludes the effect of the in-process research and development charge of $235 million. Such information is based upon the standalone historical results of each company and
does not reflect the actual results that would have been reported had the acquisition been completed when assumed, nor is it indicative of the future results of operations for the combined enterprise.  Fiscal Years Ended Pro forma
January 2,2005 December28,2003 Net sales 583,752 525,523 Net loss 54,724 63,961 Basic loss per share 053 061 Diluted loss per share 053 061  Ericsson Amplifier
Technologies:  On July 10, 2003, the Company completed the
acquisition of certain assets and liabilities of Ericsson Amplifier Technologies, Inc. AMT pursuant to an asset purchase agreement. Under the asset purchase agreement, the Company purchased selected assets of AMT, including certain
inventories, equipment and real estate for a cash payment of $98 million. The Company also assumed certain warranty obligations of AMT and made offers of employment to a limited number of employees of AMT as part of the purchase. In connection with
the asset purchase, the Company also entered into an agreement to become a supplier of certain 21 GHz W-CDMA radio frequency power amplifiers of Ericsson AB. The acquisition was accounted for under the purchase method of 
68 Table of Contents
accounting and the total purchase price of approximately $104 million, including assumed liabilities of $04 million and
capitalized acquisition costs of $01 million, has been allocated as follows: $10 million to equipment, $59 million to assets held for sale, $01 million to contract intangibles and $34 million to goodwill. The results of operations of AMT are
included in the consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. The pro-forma effect of the acquisition is not material to the Companys results of operations for fiscal 2003.  Note 18. Other Income, Net  Other income, net, includes gains and losses on foreign currency
transactions, interest income and interest expense associated with our 125% subordinated convertible notes. The components of other income, net are as follows:  Fiscal Years Ended January2,2005 December28,2003 December29,2002 Interest income 2,920 2,425 2,664 Interest expense 3,861 1,162 81 Foreign currency gain loss, net 394 33 36 Other income expense 665 1,098 584 Total 118 2,394 1,963  Note 19. Earnings Loss Per Share
In accordance with SFAS 128, basic earnings loss per
share is based upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings loss per share is based upon the weighted average number of common and potential common shares for each period presented. Potential common shares
include stock options under the treasury stock method and convertible subordinated debt under the if-converted method. Potential common shares of 15,892,536 and 6,033,308 related to the Companys convertible debt and stock option programs have
been excluded from diluted weighted average common shares for the years ended January 2, 2005 and December 28, 2003, respectively, as the effect would be anti-dilutive.  The following details the calculation of basic and diluted earnings loss per share:  Fiscal Years Ended January2,2005 December28,2003 December29,2002
Basic Basic weighted average common shares 90,212 64,667 65,485
Net income loss 72,122 32,859 4,111 Basic earnings loss per share 080 051 006 Diluted Basic weighted average common shares 90,212 64,667 65,485
Potential common shares 745 Diluted weighted average common shares 90,212 64,667 66,230
Net income loss 72,122 32,859 4,111 Diluted earnings loss per share 080 051 006  Note 20. Customer Concentrations
Powerwaves product sales have historically been
concentrated in a small number of customers. During the years ended January 2, 2005, December 28, 2003, and December 29, 2002, sales to customers that accounted for 10% or more of revenues for the year totaled $1637 million, $1710 million, and
$2943 million, respectively. Sales to Nortel Networks Corporation and related entities Nortel accounted for approximately 24%, 57%, and 49% of total revenues during such years, respectively. During the years ended January 2, 2005 and
December 28, 2003, one customer in addition to Nortel accounted for approximately 11% and 15% of total revenues, respectively. During the year ended December 29, 2002, two customers in addition to Nortel accounted for approximately 15% and 13% of
total revenues during such period. 
69 Table of Contents
As of January 2, 2005, approximately 35% of total accounts receivable related to two customers that each
accounted for 10% or more of Powerwaves total revenue during fiscal 2004. The inability to collect outstanding receivables from the customers or the loss of, or reduction in, sales to any of these customers could have a material adverse effect
on the Companys business, financial condition and results of operations.  Note 21. Supplier Concentrations  Certain of
Powerwaves products, as well as components utilized in such products, are available in the short-term only from a single or a limited number of sources. In addition, in order to take advantage of volume pricing discounts, the Company purchases
certain customized components from single-source suppliers as well as finished products from single-source contract manufacturers. The inability to obtain single-source components or finished products in the amounts needed on a timely basis or at
commercially reasonable prices could result in delays in product introductions, interruption in product shipments or increases in product costs, which could have a material adverse effect on the Companys business, financial condition and
results of operations until alternative sources could be developed at a reasonable cost.  Note 22. Segments  The
Companys sales are derived primarily from the sale of wireless communications network products and coverage solutions, including antennas, boosters, combiners, filters, radio frequency power amplifiers, repeaters, tower-mounted amplifiers and
advanced coverage solutions for use in cellular, PCS, and 3G wireless communications networks throughout the world. Powerwave also manufactures and sells advanced industrial components, primarily for the automotive and food industries, under
contract manufacturing. These two reportable segments, Wireless Communications and Contract Manufacturing are regularly evaluated by the Companys executive management in deciding how to allocate resources and in
assessing performance. The accounting policies for each reportable segment are the same as those described in Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies.  The following schedule presents an analysis of certain financial information for these two business segments:  Fiscal Years Ended January 2,2005 December28, 2003 December29,2002
Net sales Wireless communications 448,867 239,069 384,889
Contract manufacturing 25,047 Total net sales 473,914 239,069 384,889 Operating income loss Wireless communications 28,175 55,824 3,910
Contract manufacturing 1,248 Total operating income loss 26,927 55,824 3,910  January 2,2005
December28, 2003
Total assets Wireless communications 982,519 466,257
Contract manufacturing 38,252 Total assets 1,020,771 466,257  The following table
presents a further analysis of Powerwaves sales within the wireless communications business segment, based upon product group:  Fiscal Years Ended Wireless Communications Product
Group
January 2, 2005 December 28, 2003 December 29, 2002 Antenna systems 110,991
247   Base station subsystems 277,521
618 239,069
1000 384,889
1000 Coverage solutions 60,355
135 Total net segment sales 448,867
1000 239,069
1000 384,889
1000 
70 Table of Contents
Antenna systems consist of base station antennas and tower-mounted amplifiers. Base station subsystems
consist of products that are installed into or around the base station of wireless networks and include products such as boosters, combiners, filters and radio frequency power amplifiers. Coverage solutions consist primarily of repeaters and
advanced coverage solutions.  The following schedule presents
an analysis of Powerwaves net sales based upon the geographic area to which a product was shipped:  Fiscal Years Ended
Geographic Area
January2,2005
December28,2003
December29,2002
North America 137,517 128,350 257,009
Asia 61,895 31,974 37,460
Europe and other international 274,502 78,745 90,420 Total net sales 473,914 239,069 384,889  North American sales
include sales to the United States, Canada and Mexico. Asian sales include sales to China, South Korea and other locations in Asia. Europe and Other International sales include sales to Europe and all other foreign countries. Sales to Canada were
$229 million, $638 million, and $1287 million during the years ended January 2, 2005, December 28, 2003, and December 29, 2002, respectively. Sales to Finland were $228 million, $354 million, and $572 million during the years ended January 2,
2005, December 28, 2003, and December 29, 2002, respectively. Sales to France were $498 million, $414 million, and $320 million during the years ended January 2, 2005, December 28, 2003, and December 29, 2002, respectively.  The following table reflects the geographic area of Powerwaves
long-lived assets:  Fiscal Years Ended
Geographic Area
January2,2005
December28,2003
United States 75,487 120,911
Europe, primarily Sweden 426,686 Asia and other international 3,942 Total 506,115 120,911 
71 Table of Contents
QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA UNAUDITED in thousands, except per share data  Quarters Ended April 4, 2004 July 4,20041 October 3,20041 January 2,20051 Fiscal 2004 Net sales 63,224 115,981 138,291 156,418 Gross profit 10,774 22,276 34,747 38,124 Operating income loss 5,657 30,190
2 3,435 5,485 Net income loss 3,263 30,162
2 2,799 41,496
3 Basic earnings loss per share 005 033 003 041 Diluted earnings loss per share 005 033 003 041 Basic weighted average common shares 63,393 91,664 104,343 101,448 Diluted weighted average common shares 63,393 91,664 104,837 101,448 Quarters Ended March 30, 2003 June 29,2003 September28,2003 December28,2003 Fiscal 2003 Net sales 52,154 51,509 63,158 72,248 Gross profit 3,785 7,121 6,409 13,142 Operating loss 17,264 25,060 10,819 2,681 Net loss 10,568 15,237 5,666 1,388 Basic loss per share 016 023 009 002 Diluted loss per share 016 023 009 002 Basic weighted average common shares 65,877 65,976 63,639 63,174 Diluted weighted average common shares 65,877 65,976 63,639 63,174
1
Financial results include LGP Allgon beginning May 2004.  2
Operating income loss and net income loss for the quarter ended July 4, 2004 include a non-cash charge of $235 million for in-process research and development
acquired in the LGP Allgon acquisition. See Note 17. Acquisitions of the preceding Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  3
Net income loss for the quarter ended January 2, 2005 includes a non-cash charge of $450 million related to the establishment of a full valuation allowance
against Powerwaves net U.S. deferred tax asset. See Note 16. Income Taxes of the preceding Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
72 Table of Contents
Item1. Business
3 Item 2. Properties
12 Item 3. Legal Procedings
12 Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
12 PART II 13 Item 5. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  Controls and
Procedures  We have established disclosure controls and
procedures to ensure that material information relating to Powerwave and its consolidated subsidiaries is made known to the officers who certify the Companys financial reports, as well as other members of senior management and the Board of
Directors, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. As of the end of the period covered by this report, Powerwave carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Companys management,
including the Companys Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Companys disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15 of the Securities and Exchange Act of
1934. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Companys disclosure controls and procedures are effective in timely alerting them to material information related to the Company that
is required to be included in Powerwaves annual and periodic SEC filings.  There were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting during the quarter ended January 2, 2005 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal controls over
financial reporting.  Our management, including our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only
reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to
their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within Powerwave have been detected.  Managements Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over our financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15f under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting as of January 2, 2005.
Such assessment excluded the internal controls over financial reporting for LGP Allgon and its subsidiaries LGP Allgon. Since we completed the acquisition of LGP Allgon on May 3, 2004, it was not possible to conduct a complete
assessment of LGP Allgons internal control over financial reporting in the period between the completion of the acquisition and the date of our managements assessment of our internal controls over financial reporting. Therefore, our
conclusion in this Annual Report on Form 10-K regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 2, 2005 does not include the internal controls over financial reporting of LGP Allgon. Our fiscal 2004
consolidated financial statements include the operating results of LGP Allgon for eight months. During this period, these operations generated approximately $2594 million or 547% of total revenues. Additionally, LGP Allgons total assets as
of January 2, 2005 were approximately $6119 million, or 599% of consolidated total assets and LGP Allgons net assets approximated $4449 million, or 863% of consolidated net assets.  In making its assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls over
financial reporting, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Based on these criteria, our management has
concluded that, as of January 2, 2005, our internal control over financial reporting, excluding internal controls over financial reporting with respect to LGP Allgon, are effective. Our independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte 
Touche LLP, has issued an audit report on our assessment of our internal control over financial reporting, which is included herein. 
73 Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Powerwave Technologies, Inc.:  We have audited managements assessment, included in the accompanying
Managements Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, that Powerwave Technologies, Inc. and subsidiaries the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 2, 2005, based on the
criteria established in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. As described in Managements Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting,
management excluded from their assessment the internal control over financial reporting at LGP Allgon Holding AB, which was acquired on May 3, 2004 and whose financial statements reflect total assets and revenues constituting 60 and 55 percent,
respectively, of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended January 2, 2005. Accordingly, our audit did not include the internal control over financial reporting at LGP Allgon Holding AB. The Companys
management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on managements
assessment and an opinion on the effectiveness of the Companys internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.  We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial
reporting, evaluating managements assessment, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit
provides a reasonable basis for our opinions.  A
companys internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the companys principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the
companys board of directors, management, and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. A companys internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that 1 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 2 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and
that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 3 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the companys assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.  Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or improper management override
of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to
the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  In our opinion, managements assessment that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting
as of January 2, 2005, is fairly stated, in all material respects, based on the criteria established in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Also in our
opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 2, 2005, based on the criteria established in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.  We have
also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule as of and for the year ended January 2, 2005 of the Company and
our report dated March 10, 2005 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements and the financial statement schedule.  /s/DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP  Costa Mesa, California  March 10, 2005 
74 Table of Contents
Item1. Business
3 Item 2. Properties
12 Item 3. Legal Procedings
12 Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
12 PART II 13 Item 5. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT  Directors  Bruce C.
Edwards, 51, became Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors of Powerwave in February 2005. Mr. Edwards joined the Company in February 1996 as President and Chief Executive Officer and Director. Mr. Edwards was Chief Executive Officer of
Powerwave from February 1996 to February 2005 and was President from February 1996 to May 2004. Mr. Edwards was Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Director of AST Research, Inc., a personal computer company, from July 1994 to
December 1995 and Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer of AST Research, Inc. from March 1988 to July 1994. Mr. Edwards currently serves on the Board of Directors of Emulex Corporation.  Ronald J. Buschur, 41, joined the Company in June 2001 as Chief
Operating Officer. In May 2004, Mr. Buschur became President of the Company and in February 2005, Mr. Buschur became Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Buschur held various positions at
HMT Technology/Komag, an independent supplier of thin-film disks, including President and Chief Operating Officer from 1999 to 2000, Vice President of Sales, Marketing and Quality Assurance from 1997 to 1999 and Vice President of Quality Assurance
from 1994 to 1997. From 1993 to 1994, Mr. Buschur was Director of Quality at Maxtor, a disk drive company. Mr. Buschur held various managerial positions at Digital Equipment Corporation, a computer manufacturer from 1987 to 1993. 
John L. Clendenin, 70, became Lead Director in February 2005. Mr.
Clendenin was non-executive Chairman of the Board of Directors of Powerwave from January 3, 1999 to February 2005 and has been a member of the Board of Directors since May 1998. Mr. Clendenin is a Chairman Emeritus of BellSouth Corporation, a
telecommunications holding company. He served as Chairman of the Board of BellSouth until December 31, 1997 and as President and Chief Executive Officer from 1984 until his retirement at the end of 1996. Prior to BellSouth, Mr. Clendenin was
President of Southern Bell from April 1981 to December 1983. He also serves on the Board of Directors of Coca-Cola Enterprises, Inc., Equifax Inc., Acuity Brands, Inc., The Kroger Company and The Home Depot, Inc.  Daniel A. Artusi, 50, joined Powerwaves Board of Directors in
December 2002. Mr. Artusi is the President and Chief Executive Officer of Silicon Laboratories Inc., a designer and manufacturer of integrated circuits for the communications industry. Prior to joining Silicon Laboratories in August 2001, Mr. Artusi
held various positions at Motorola, Inc. from 1977 to 2001. From August 1999 to August 2001, Mr. Artusi served as Corporate Vice President and General Manager of Motorolas Networking and Computing Systems Group. Mr. Artusi served as Vice
President and General Manager of Motorolas Wireless Infrastructure Division from May 1997 to August 1999 and as General Manager of Motorolas RF Products Division from April 1996 to May 1997.  David L. George, 51, has been a member of Powerwaves Board of
Directors since November 1995. Since January 2005, he has served as Executive Vice President Operations of the Land Mobile Division of Vertex Standard Inc., a company that designs, manufactures and sells communications equipment for commercial land
mobile, amateur radio and general aviation applications. From April 2002 to June 2004, Mr. George served as Chief Operating Officer, Chief Technical Officer and President of the Wireless Communications Division of Bizcom U.S.A., Inc., a public
company specializing in emergency management software solutions and wireless communications systems. Prior to joining Bizcom, Mr. George was in private practice providing consulting services to participants in the wireless industry. From June 2000
to June 2001, he was Executive Vice President of Operations for Securicor Wireless, Inc., a large mobile radio network provider. Mr. George was the co-founder and served as Executive Vice President and Chief Technical Officer of ComSpace
Corporation, formerly known as Unique Technologies, International, L.L.C., a wireless technology development company from February 1994 to June 2000. From November 1983 to February 1994, Mr. George served as Vice President, Director of Operations,
Commercial Communications Division of Uniden America. A member of the Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers for more than 22 years, he holds several patents relating to wireless technology and networks. 
75 Table of Contents
Eugene L. Goda, 68, has been a member of Powerwaves Board of Directors since November 1995.
From June 1997 to March 2000, Mr. Goda served as Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of Objectshare Inc., a software company. From October 1991 to October 1995, Mr. Goda served as Chief Executive Officer of Simulation
Sciences, Inc., a software company. From July 1989 to September 1991, he served as Chief Executive Officer of Meridian Software Systems.  Carl W. Neun, 61, has been a member of Powerwaves Board of Directors since February 2000. From 1993 to January 2000, Mr. Neun was Senior Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer of Tektronix, Inc. From 1987 to 1993, he was Senior Vice President of Administration and Chief Financial Officer of Conner Peripherals, Inc. Mr. Neun currently serves on the Board of Directors of Planar Systems,
RadiSys Corp, and Oregon Steel Mills, Inc.  Andrew J.
Sukawaty, 49, has been a member of Powerwaves Board of Directors since May 1998. Mr. Sukawaty is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Inmarsat Group Holdings Ltd. and President of Cable Partners Europe L.L.C. Mr. Sukawaty is also a
Deputy Chairman of mm02, PLC, formerly BT Wireless, and was previously Chairman of Telenet. He is also Chairman of Xyratex Group Ltd NASDAQ. From September 1996 to June 2000, Mr. Sukawaty served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Sprint
PCS. Prior to joining Sprint PCS, Mr. Sukawaty was Chief Executive Officer of NTL Limited since 1994. From 1989 to 1994, he was Chief Operating Officer of Mercury One-2-One, a PCS service provider in the United Kingdom. Prior to 1989, Mr. Sukawaty
held various positions with US WEST, Inc., ATT and Northwestern Bell.  Mikael R. Gottschlich, 44, has been a member of Powerwaves Board of Directors since May 2004. Mr. Gottschlich had previously been a member of the Board of LGP Allgon Holding AB since 1997. Mr. Gottschlich
was President and Chief Executive Officer of LGP Telecom from June 1993 until April 2002, including certain predecessor companies, specifically MG Instruments from 1993 to 1997 and Arkivator from 1997 to 1999. Since March 2003, Mr. Gottschlich is a
Director of Skanditek Industrifrvaltning AB, a publicly held industrial holding company with investments in Swedish companies.  Executive Officers  Ronald J. Buschur, 41, joined the Company in June 2001 as Chief Operating Officer. In May 2004, Mr. Buschur became President of the Company and in
February 2005, Mr. Buschur became Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Buschur held various positions at HMT Technology/Komag, an independent supplier of thin-film disks, including
President and Chief Operating Officer from 1999 to 2000, Vice President of Sales, Marketing and Quality Assurance from 1997 to 1999 and Vice President of Quality Assurance from 1994 to 1997. From 1993 to 1994, Mr. Buschur was Director of Quality at
Maxtor, a disk drive company. Mr. Buschur held various managerial positions at Digital Equipment Corporation, a computer manufacturer from 1987 to 1993.  Kevin T. Michaels, 46, joined the Company in June 1996 as Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer and was appointed Secretary in June
1996. Mr. Michaels was named Senior Vice President, Finance in February 2000. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Michaels worked for AST Research, Inc. for eight years, most recently as Vice President, Treasurer from October 1995 to June 1996. From
July 1991 to October 1995, Mr. Michaels was Treasurer of AST Research, Inc. and from June 1988 to June 1991, he was Assistant Treasurer.  Robert J. Legendre, 47, joined the Company in July 2002, as Vice President of Supply Chain Management and Operations. Mr. Legendre was named
President of the Americas and Asian business unit in May 2004 following the completion of the exchange offer for all of the shares of LGP Allgon. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Legendre was Vice President of Global Supply Chain Management and
Operations for InFocus Corp., a manufacturer of video projectors from June 2001 to July 2002. From May 2000 to May 2001, Mr. Legendre was Vice President of Worldwide Materials at Pemstar Corporation, a supplier of engineering, product design and
automation and test services. From October 1996 to April 2000, Mr. Legendre was Vice President and Managing Director of Operations for Western Digitals disk drive manufacturing operations in Singapore.  Johan H. Ek, 37, has been President of the Companys European
business unit since May of 2004. From September 2001 to April 2003, Mr. Ek was Vice President of Operations of LGP Allgon and in March 2002 Mr. Ek became Executive Vice President of LGP Allgon. Prior to this, Mr. Ek was responsible for LGP
Allgons contract manufacturing division. Mr. Ek joined LGP Allgon in August 1999. From 1995 to 1999, Mr. Ek worked as a consultant for McKinsey Company. Mr. Ek is a member of the Board of Partnertech AB, listed on the Stockholm Stock
Exchange. 
76 Table of Contents
Audit Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert  The Company has a standing Audit Committee and the current members of this
committee are David L. George, Eugene L. Goda, and Carl W. Neun, all of whom are independent under both Section 10A of the Securities Act of 1934 Exchange Act and under the Nasdaq marketplace rules. The Companys Board of
Directors has determined that Carl W. Neun, a member of the audit committee and Board of Directors, is an audit committee financial expert as such term is defined in Item 401h of SEC Regulation S-K. For Mr. Neuns relevant experience, see his
biography listed in Directors above.  Section 16a Beneficial
Ownership Reporting Compliance  Section 16a of the
Exchange Act requires the Companys directors and executive officers, and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of the Companys equity securities, to file reports of ownership with the Securities and Exchange
Commission SEC and Nasdaq. Directors, executive officers and greater than ten-percent beneficial owners are required by SEC regulations to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16a forms they file.  To the Companys knowledge, based solely on a review of filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission and written representations by each executive officer and director that no other reports were required, we believe that all of our directors and executive officers have complied with the reporting requirements of
Section 16a of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during fiscal 2004, except that each of the following directors, Mikael Gottschlich, Daniel Artusi, Carl Neun, Andrew Sukawaty, Eugene Goda, David George and John Clendenin inadvertently filed a
Form 4 late to report a director option grant in December 2004.  Code of
Ethics  The Company has adopted a code of ethics that
applies to all employees of the Company, including the Companys principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. This code of ethics is designed to comply with the Nasdaq marketplace rules related to
codes of conduct. A copy of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Policy is attached as Exhibit 14 to this Form 10-K. A copy of our code of Business Conduct and Ethics Policy is also posted on our website at www.powerwave.com and is available upon
written request.  
