Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
The Consolidated Balance Sheet of Autoliv as of December 31, 2000 and 1999
and the Consolidated Statements of Income and Cash Flows for each of the three
years in the period ended December 31, 2000, the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements, and the Report of Independent Auditors are included in the Annual
Report and are incorporated herein by reference pages 23 through 34 in the
printed annual report.
All of the schedules specified under Regulation S-X to be provided by 
Autoliv, have been omitted either because they are not applicable, are not required
or the information required is included in the financial statements or notes
thereto.
Item 6. Selected Financial Data
Selected financial data for the five years ended December 31, 2000 is included
in the Annual Report and is incorporated herein by reference page 35 in the
printed report.
Item 7. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant
Directors:
Information concerning the directors and nominee for director of Autoliv is
included on pages 2-3 in the 2001 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein
by reference.
Executive Officers:
The required information concerning executive officers of Autoliv is contained
in Part I of this report.  COMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 16AOF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
The members of the Board of Directors, the executive officers of the Company and persons who hold more
than ten percent of the Common Stock are subject to the reporting requirements of Section 16 A of the
Exchange Act, which require them to file reports with respect to their ownership of the Company
securities on Form 3 and transactions in the Company securities Form 4 or 5. Based solely on its
review of the copies of such forms received by it and written representations from the Company
executive officers and directors, for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2000, the Section 16 a filing requirements were complied with by all incumbent executive officers,
directors and director nominees during the year, except that each of Messrs. Aronson, Bark, Berntsson,
Haland, Humbla, Kull, Kunerth, Marsaud, Persson, dman, Olsson, Stewart, Stone, Svensson, Welin and
Westerberg filed a Form 5 on March 8, 2001, and Mr. Kunerth filed an Amended Form 5 on March 9, 2001. 