ITEM8. FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
The consolidated financial statements and the
accompanying notes thereto are included elsewhere in this Annual Report on
Form10-K, as indicated below. The consolidated balance sheets are
as of December31, 2006 and 2005, and the consolidated statements of
income, stockholders equity, and cash flows are for each of the years ended
December31, 2006, 2005, and 2004.
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, pageF-1.
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm, pageF-2.
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December31,
2006 and 2005, pageF-3.
Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years Ended
December31, 2006, 2005, and 2004, pageF-4.
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for
the Years Ended December31, 2006, 2005, 2004, pageF-5.
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years
Ended December31, 2006, 2005, and 2004, pageF-6.
Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements, pageF-7.
Item1.
BUSINESS
3
Item1A.
RISK FACTORS
38
Item1B.
UNRESOLVED STAFF
COMMENTS
46
Item2.
PROPERTIES
47
Item3.
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
47
Item4.
SUBMISSION OF
MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS
47
PARTII
48
Item5. CONTROLS
AND PROCEDURES
Evaluation of
Disclosure Controls and Procedures
We completed an evaluation
as of the end of the period covered by this Report under the supervision and
with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of
our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule13a-15bof
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Based upon that evaluation,
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December31,
2006, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide
reasonable assurance that ithe information required to be disclosed by
us in this Report was recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the
time periods specified in the SECs rulesand forms and iiinformation
required to be disclosed by us in our reports that we file or submit under the
Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our
principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing
similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding requireddisclosure.
Changes in Internal
Control over Financial Reporting
There were no changes in
our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter
ended December31, 2006, that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
Scope of Managements
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
With the participation of our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, our management carried out an evaluation and
assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as  85 of December31, 2006.
The framework on which such evaluation was based is contained in the report
entitled Internal ControlIntegrated Framework issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO Report.
An internal control
significant deficiency is a control deficiency, or combination of control
deficiencies, that adversely affects a companys ability to initiate,
authorize, record, process, or report external financial data reliably in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles such that there is
more than a remote likelihood that a misstatement of the companys annual or
interim financial statements that is more than inconsequential will not be
prevented or detected. An internal control material weakness is a significant
deficiency, or a combination of significant deficiencies, that results in a
more than remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the annual or
interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected.
Inherent
Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls
Our management does not expect that our disclosure
controls and procedures or our internal controls will prevent or detect all
errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and
operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the
objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control
system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the
benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the
inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, no evaluation of
controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or
fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any,
within our company have been detected.
These inherent limitations
include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that
breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be
circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or
more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any
system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood
of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in
achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Projections
of any evaluation of controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to
risks. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or
procedures.
Managements Report
on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Our management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules13a-15funder
the Exchange Act to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
our financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
Based upon the evaluation under the framework
contained in the COSO Report, management concluded that, as of December31,
2006, our internal control over financial reporting was effective.
Ernst Young LLP,
our independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an attestation
report on managements assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting. This attestation report is included on pageF-1
of this Annual Report on Form10-K.
Item1.
BUSINESS
3
Item1A.
RISK FACTORS
38
Item1B.
UNRESOLVED STAFF
COMMENTS
46
Item2.
PROPERTIES
47
Item3.
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
47
Item4.
SUBMISSION OF
MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS
47
PARTII
48
Item5. DIRECTORS
AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
Directors and
Executive Officers
The information required
by this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive Proxy
Statement to be filed in connection with our 2007 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders.
Code of Ethics
We have adopted a Code of
Ethics that applies to all of our directors, executive officers, and senior
financial officers including our chief executive officer, chief financial
officer, chief accounting officer, controller, and any person performing
similar functions. The Code of Ethics is available on our website at www.careered.com under the caption Investor
Relations.
