Item8 -
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data The information in response to this item is included in
our consolidated financial statements, together with the report thereon of KPMG LLP, appearing on pages F-1 through F-22 of this Form 10-K, and in Item7 under the heading Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations. 
52 Table of Contents
Item1.
Business 2 Item1A.
Risk Factors 14 Item1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments 27 Item2.
Properties 27 Item3.
Legal Proceedings 28 Item4.
Mine Safety Disclosures 28 PART II  Item5 - Controls and Procedures 
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, who, respectively, are our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, conducted an
evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15e and Rule 15d-15e under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended the Exchange Act as of the end of the fiscal quarter
ended December31, 2014. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that as of the end of the fiscal quarter ended December31, 2014, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to
provide assurance that ithe information required to be disclosed by us in our reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SECs rules and
forms, and iiinformation required to be disclosed by us in our reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, or
persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Changes in Internal Controls
There were no changes in the companys internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15f and
15d-15f under the Exchange Act during the fiscal year ended December31, 2014, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the companys internal control over financial reporting. 
Managements Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
The management of VASCO Data Security International, Inc. is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting. Our internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to the companys management and board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. Internal control
over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15f or 15d-15f promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the companys principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the
companys board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that:  Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
company;  Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and  Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the companys assets that
could have a material effect on the financial statements. Our management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting will prevent all error and all fraud. While our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over
financial reporting are designed 
53 Table of Contents
to provide reasonable assurance that their objectives are met, they cannot provide absolute assurance. The design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints,
and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues within a company are detected. The
inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple errors or mistakes. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of
two or more people or by management override of the controls. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and may not be detected. 
Notwithstanding the limitations noted above, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have both concluded that our
disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting were effective at a reasonable level of assurance as of December31, 2014. Our management assessed the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2014. In making this assessment, it used the criteria based on the framework set forth by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission on Internal Controls COSO Integrated Framework 2013. Based on our assessments we believe that, as of December31, 2014, our internal control over financial
reporting is effective based on those criteria. Our independent registered public accounting firm, KPMG LLP, has issued an
audit report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. This report appears below. 
54 Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
The Board of Directors and Stockholders VASCO
Data Security International, Inc.: We have audited VASCO Data Security International, Inc.s internal control over financial reporting
as of December31, 2014, based on criteria established in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework 2013issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO. VASCO Data Security International,
Inc.s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Managements
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Companys internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material
weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe
that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. A companys internal control over financial reporting is a process designed
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A companys internal control over
financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that 1pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 2provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in
accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 3provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the companys assets that could
have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not
prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate. In our opinion, VASCO Data Security International, Inc. maintained, in all material respects, effective
internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2014, based on criteria established in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework 2013issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
COSO. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the
consolidated balance sheets of VASCO Data Security International, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December31, 2014 and 2013, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for
each of the years in the three-year period ended December31, 2014, and our report dated March13, 2015 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. /s/ KPMG LLP Chicago, Illinois March13, 2015 
55 Table of Contents
PART III 
