ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
The financial statements and supplementary financial data required by
this Item 8 are set forth in  of this Form 10-K. All information that has
been omitted is either inapplicable or not required.
Item 1.  
Item 2.  
Item 3.  LEGAL 
Item 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS.22
PART II
Item 5. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Disclosure Controls and Procedures - Headwaters maintains disclosure
controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to
be disclosed by Headwaters in the reports that it files or submits under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 the Exchange Act, such as this Annual Report
on Form 10-K, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time
periods specified by SEC rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures
include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that
information required to be disclosed by Headwaters in the reports that it files
or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to Headwaters'
management, including the Chief Executive Officer CEO and the Chief
Financial Officer CFO, to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure.
Headwaters' management evaluated, with the participation of Headwaters'
CEO and CFO, the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures as of
September 30, 2005, pursuant to paragraph b of Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under
the Exchange Act. This evaluation included a review of the controls' objectives
and design, the operation of the controls, and the effect of the controls on the
information presented in this Annual Report. Headwaters' management, including
the CEO and CFO, does not expect that disclosure controls can or will prevent or
detect all errors and all fraud, if any. A control system, no matter how well
designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that
the objectives of the control system are met. Also, the projection of any
evaluation of the disclosure controls and procedures to future periods is
subject to the risk that the disclosure controls and procedures may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Based on their review and evaluation, and subject to the inherent
limitations described above, Headwaters' CEO and CFO have concluded that
Headwaters' disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15e
and 15d-15e under the Exchange Act were effective as of September 30, 2005.
Internal Control over Financial Reporting - Management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15f and 15d-15f under the Exchange Act.
Headwaters' internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Because of inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even internal
controls determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with
respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. The effectiveness
of Headwaters' internal control over financial reporting is subject to various
inherent limitations, including cost limitations, judgments used in decision
52 making, assumptions about the likelihood of future events, the possibility of
human error, and the risk of fraud. The projection of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods is subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with policies may deteriorate. Because of these limitations, there can be no
assurance that any system of internal control over financial reporting will be
successful in preventing all errors or fraud or in making all material
information known in a timely manner to the appropriate levels of management.
There has been no change in Headwaters' internal control over financial
reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2005 that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, Headwaters' internal
control over financial reporting.
Management Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Headwaters' management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting. Headwaters' internal control
system has been designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation and presentation of
Headwaters' financial statements.
Headwaters' management has assessed the effectiveness of internal
control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2005 using the criteria
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
in Internal Control -- Integrated Framework. Based on that assessment,
management believes that Headwaters' internal control over financial reporting
was effective as of September 30, 2005.
Ernst & Young LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm
which audits Headwaters' consolidated financial statements, has issued the
following attestation report on management assessment of internal control over
financial reporting.
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
The Board of Directors and Stockholders
Headwaters Incorporated
We have audited management assessment, included in the section entitled
Management Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting of Item 9A of
Headwaters Incorporated Form 10-K, that Headwaters Incorporated maintained
effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2005,
based on criteria established in Internal Control--Integrated Framework issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission the
COSO criteria. Headwaters Incorporated management is responsible for
maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its
assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on management assessment and an
opinion on the effectiveness of the Company internal control over financial
reporting based on our audit.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective
internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material
respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over
financial reporting, evaluating management assessment, testing and evaluating
the design and operating effectiveness of internal control, and performing such
other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe
that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
A company internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. A company internal control over
financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that 1 pertain to
the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 2
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of
the company; and 3 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
53 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting
may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
In our opinion, management assessment that Headwaters Incorporated maintained
effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2005, is
fairly stated, in all material respects, based on the COSO criteria. Also, in
our opinion, Headwaters Incorporated maintained, in all material respects,
effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2005,
based on the COSO criteria.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board United States, the consolidated balance sheets of
Headwaters Incorporated as of September 30, 2004 and 2005, and the related
consolidated statements of income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each
of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2005 of Headwaters
Incorporated and our report dated November 30, 2005 expressed an unqualified
opinion thereon. s/ Ernst & Young LLP
Salt Lake City, Utah
November 30, 2005 Item 1.  
Item 2.  
Item 3.  LEGAL 
Item 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS.22
PART II
Item 5. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
The applicable information to be set forth under the captions
Executive Officers, Corporate Governance, Section 16a Beneficial
Ownership Reporting Compliance and Proposal No. 1 - Election of Directors in
Headwaters' Proxy Statement to be filed in January 2006 for the Annual Meeting
of Stockholders to be held in 2006 the Proxy Statement, is incorporated
herein by reference.
