Item8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data In this report our consolidated financial statements of and the accompanying notes appear on pages F-1 through F-18 and are incorporated herein by reference. See Index to Consolidated Financial
Statements on Page 37.  Item 1A. Risk Factors 14 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 20 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 20 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 20 Executive Officers of the Registrant 20 PART II 21 Item 5.
Controls and Procedures 
The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the
Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms, and that such information is communicated to the
Companys management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The Companys management, with the participation of the Companys Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15e under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as of the end of the period covered by this report.
Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. 
Managements Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15f. Under the supervision and with
the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal
Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission 1992 framework. Based on our evaluation under the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework, our
management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December31, 2013. The
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2013 has been audited by Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report dated March7, 2014, which
is included herein. 
33 Table of Contents
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
The Board of Directors and Shareholders Gulf
Island Fabrication, Inc. We have audited Gulf Island Fabrication, Inc.s the Companys internal control over
financial reporting as of December31, 2013, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission 1992 framework the COSO
criteria. Gulf Island Fabrication, Inc.s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the
accompanying Managements Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Companys internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered
necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. A companys
internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. A companys internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that 1pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 2provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that
receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 3provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the Companys assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
In our opinion, Gulf Island Fabrication, Inc. maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting
as of December31, 2013, based on the COSO criteria. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Gulf Island Fabrication, Inc. as of December31, 2013 and 2012, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in
shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December31, 2013, and our report dated March7, 2014, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
/s/ Ernst Young LLP New Orleans, Louisiana March7, 2014 
34 Table of Contents Item 1A. Risk Factors 14 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 20 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 20 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 20 Executive Officers of the Registrant 20 PART II 21 Item 5.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance The information regarding executive officers called for by this item may be found following Item4 of this report on Form 10-K under the caption Executive Officers of the Registrant and
is incorporated herein by reference. We have adopted a Code of Ethics for the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial
Officer, the Controller Financial Reporting the principal accounting officer and persons performing similar functions the Code of Ethics and a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which applies to all employees and directors,
including the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the ControllerFinancial Reporting the principal accounting officer and persons performing similar functions. These codes are available to the public on our web site at
www.gulfisland.com. Any substantive amendments to the Code of Ethics or any waivers granted under the Code of Ethics will be disclosed within four business days of such event on our web site. 
The remaining information called for by this item may be found in our definitive Proxy Statement prepared in connection with the 2014
Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference.  