Item8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report and
are incorporated herein by reference.
Industry
Overview
Strokes
consist of either aneurysms hemorrhagic stroke or blockages ischemic stroke
of vessels within or leading to the brain often resulting in irreversible
neurological impairment or death. According to the American Heart Association,
stroke is the third leading cause of death in the United States. Patients who
survive a stroke are often left with disabilities, including paralysis, coma,
impaired cognition, decreased coordination, loss of visual acuity, loss of
speech, loss of sensation or some combination of these conditions. A significant
need for effective prevention and treatment of stroke exists because of the
severity of the disorder, its prevalence in society, the shortcomings of current
therapies and the high cost of treatment and care.
4
Table of Contents
Hemorrhagic
stroke may be caused by the rupture of cerebral aneurysms. A cerebral aneurysm
is an outward bulging of an artery in the brain that can develop at weak points
in the arterial wall. In some cases, the patient will experience symptoms such
as headache, blurred vision or dizziness as the aneurysm grows, but in many
cases patients will have no symptoms. The most devastating complication of a
cerebral aneurysm occurs when the aneurysm ruptures, decreasing blood flow to
brain tissue and leading to increased pressure on the brain. Rupture of a
cerebral aneurysm typically occurs suddenly and without warning, often leading
to catastrophic brain injury or death.
Historically,
patients diagnosed with a cerebral aneurysm underwent a craniotomy and
aneurysmal clipping, a highly-invasive surgical procedure in which a
neurosurgeon creates an opening in the skull, dissects or retracts brain tissue
to gain access to the aneurysm, and places a metal clip at the base of the
aneurysm to stop further blood flow into the aneurysm, halting its growth and
preventing future rupture. This procedure is typically performed by a
neurosurgeon at a specialized hospital or medical center. Aneurysmal clipping
requires a lengthy recovery time and has the significant expense, morbidity and
complication risks associated with a major neurosurgical procedure.
In the
1990s, interventional neuroradiologists and to a lesser extent endovascularly
trained neurosurgeons, who collectively are referred to in the industry as
neurointerventionalists, started using an alternative procedure to clipping,
known as embolic coiling, to treat cerebral aneurysms. Rather than reaching the
aneurysm by opening the skull and moving aside the brain tissue, access to the
aneurysm in an embolic coiling procedure is obtained through a catheterization
procedure in which the physician inserts a guidewire followed by a catheter into
the femoral artery of the upper leg and threads them under fluoroscopy through
the arterial system to the brain and ultimately into the opening of the
aneurysm. The neurointerventionalist then advances embolic coils through the
microcatheter to fill the aneurysm. Embolic coils are small platinum coils that
typically range in size from approximately 15 mm to 20 mm and once released
into the aneurysm assume complex shapes filling the aneurysm. The coils form a
barrier at the neck of the aneurysm which decreases or stops blood flow into the
aneurysm, enabling formation of a clot and scar tissue which prevent further
growth or rupture of the aneurysm. Since the mid-1990s, embolic coiling has
become a widely accepted treatment for cerebral aneurysms because it is a less
invasive procedure than surgical clipping and results in lower overall treatment
cost, shorter recovery times, and less trauma to the patient.
In 2002,
The Lancet, a leading
medical journal, published the results of the International Subarachnoid
Aneurysm Trial, an independent, randomized clinical trial involving
2,143patients in Europe, North America and Australia that compared
aneurysm clipping with embolic coiling as a method of treating cerebral
aneurysms. Known as ISAT, this trial concluded, based on a survey of patients
published in The Lancet in October 2002, that
among the patients participating in the trial, endovascular intervention with
detachable platinum coils resulted in a 23% relative and 7% absolute reduction
in the risk of major brain injury or death compared with neurosurgical clipping
of the aneurysm at one year follow up. The seven-year follow up data published
in The Lancet in
September 2005 indicated a continued clinical advantage for patients who
underwent coiling versus clipping procedures.
Market
Opportunity
According
to the American Heart Association, approximately 720,000 strokes occur annually
in the United States. Ischemic stroke affects approximately
620,000patients annually while hemorrhagic stroke affects approximately
100,000patients. We believe that a majority of the hemorrhagic strokes are
caused by cerebral aneurysms. We believe that embolic coiling is being used to
treat approximately 45% of the patients diagnosed with cerebral aneurysms in the
United States. Industry sources also indicate that approximately 65-70% of
patients diagnosed with cerebral aneurysms in certain European countries are
treated using embolic coiling procedures. We believe that embolic coiling
procedures can be used to treat a similar percentage of patients with cerebral
aneurysms in the United States as awareness grows among patients and physicians
of the advantages of embolic coiling. Industry sources estimate that in Japan
embolic coiling is growing at an annual rate of approximately 15% and in China
coiling procedures appear to be growing at greater than 20% year over year.
Industry sources further estimate that the worldwide sale of endovascular
devices for the treatment of hemorrhagic stroke was between $600million to
$700 million in 2008.
We
believe that growth drivers in the market for embolic coiling products include
the overall trend towards less invasive procedures, an increased number of
neurointerventionalists trained to perform embolic coiling procedures, and the
aging population in whom aneurysms occur with greater frequency.
The key
challenges of embolic coiling procedures are the following:
5
Table of Contents
Access to the Aneurysm
Site.Specialized products are required to access the
complex vasculature of the brain, properly access the aneurysm site and
perform a coiling procedure. These access products include microcatheters
and guidewires. In order to navigate the complex vascular anatomy of the
brain, access products must have enough column strength to be pushed
significant distances through this vasculature, yet be flexible enough to
travel to distal portions of the brain without injuring blood
vessels.
Framing and Filling the
Aneurysm.In order to effectively treat an aneurysm, the
neurointerventionalist must fill the aneurysm with a sufficient volume of
coils to disrupt blood flow and occlude the aneurysm. Aneurysms vary in
shape and size and, consequently, neurointerventionalists seek an embolic
coiling solution that enables coils to conform to the aneurysms shape
without requiring extensive manipulation of the coil. Coils that frame, or
conform to, the aneurysm wall reduce the risk of rupture and facilitate
the retention of additional coils in the
aneurysm.
Coverage of the Neck of the
Aneurysm.It is important to effectively cover the neck
of the aneurysm with coils to help reduce recanalization and improve the
chances of a better clinical
outcome.
Deployment.Once
embolic coils are placed in the aneurysm, the neurointerventionalist must
be able to quickly and reliably detach the coils from the device
positioning unit DPU within the aneurysm. Unreliable detachment
mechanisms can lead to inadvertent retraction of the embolic coil as the
neurointerventionalist withdraws the positioning unit only to discover
that the coil is still attached. Further, any delay in deployment may
increase procedure time and its attendant
risks.
Recanalization.Industry
sources estimate that recanalization, or the continued or renewed growth
of the aneurysm, occurs in approximately 15% to 25% of aneurysms treated
with embolic coiling. Experts believe that one of the reasons for
recanalization is due to incomplete filling of the aneurysm with the
embolic coils. Studies have shown that while the recanalization rate is
higher for patients treated with embolic coiling procedures compared to
aneurysm clipping, embolic coiling has been demonstrated to be a safer
treatment approach for aneurysms. Therefore, embolic coiling solutions
that decrease recanalization rates and reduce the need for retreatment are
highly desirable.
Risk of
Rupture.Embolic coiling solutions that enhance safety
and limit the risk of rupture or re-rupture in the treatment of aneurysms
are also essential. Successful framing and filling of the aneurysm
requires precise placement of the embolic coil. Neurointerventionalists
seek embolic coiling solutions that minimize stress on the aneurysm wall
in the course of placing or repositioning the coil in order to reduce the
risk of rupture.
The
Micrus Solution
We are
focused on a broad range of cerebral vascular treatments and have developed a
proprietary embolic coiling solution, stents and access products that are
designed to effectively access and treat cerebral aneurysms and ischemic
disease. Complimenting our bare platinum microcoil product line, we have also
developed a line of microcoils that incorporate bioactive filaments which we
believe may improve healing and reduce the need for retreatment. In addition, we
have recently introduced the proprietary DeltaPaq microcoil system which is
designed to enable physicians to achieve greater coil packing
density.
Our
solutions have the following key features:
Anatomically Conforming
Coils.Our proprietary spherical MicruSphere, Cashmere and
Presidio microcoils deploy into a three-dimensional configuration that assumes
an aneurysms shape upon deployment and are designed to provide uniform framing
of the aneurysm. Our microcoils require very little manipulation for effective
placement, thereby reducing the need for microcoil manipulation and attendant
stress on the aneurysm wall.
Enhanced Coverage of the Neck of the
Aneurysm.We believe that effective neck coverage reduces the
rate of recanalization. Our microcoils are designed to facilitate coverage of
the neck of the aneurysm in two ways. First, the three dimensional configuration
of our spherical MicruSphere, Cashmere and Presidio microcoils provide the
framework to stabilize the neck of the aneurysm. Second, our UltiPaq finishing
coils and DeltaPaq microcoils are both soft and flexible, permitting coverage
across the neck of the aneurysm.
6
Table of Contents
Unique Framing and Filling
Technology Designed to Increase Packing Density.Our Presidio
10 and 18 microcoils are each a single, stretch resistant Cerecyte microcoil
designed to deliver stable, predictable aneurysm framing and filling to increase
coverage of the aneurysm wall and neck with a single coil deployment. As the
Presidio 10 and 18 are also Cerecyte microcoils, their bioactive filament may
also induce a beneficial tissue response. In addition, we have introduced a
completely new coil technology to the market, called Delta
Wind.This unique triangular shaped primary wind allows the
DeltaPaq to change directions every 3mm, far surpassing traditional round
primary winds.The Delta Wind technology is designed to increase
packing density, which in previous studies has led to less
recanalization.
Proprietary Finishing Coils.
Our UltiPaq and DeltaPlush microcoils are extra-soft, stretch-resistant
finishing coils used to provide additional aneurysm neck coverage and to more
thoroughly fill in the aneurysm after placement of one or more MicruSphere,
Presidio, Cashmereand/or DeltaPaq microcoils.We have
recently initiated beta use of our DeltaPlush microcoil which has been designed
to be our softest finishing coil, enabling the more efficient and safe aneurysm
treatment.
Deployment
Technology.Our proprietary electronic microcoil deployment
system employs a resistive heating fiber deployment mechanism that enables
neurointerventionalists to quickly and reliably deploy the microcoil. Our
electronic microcoil deployment system has been designed so that microcoil
deployment time remains consistent regardless of the number of coils used in the
procedure. We believe that our electronic microcoil deployment system enables
neurointerventionalists to more rapidly deploy microcoils and generally reduce
procedure time. We have undertaken a manufacturing automation program which we
believe will provide both an enhanced delivery system and a component cost
saving which is expected to be introduced in our microcoil products in fiscal
year 2010.
Bioactive
Technology.Cerecyte is our proprietary microcoil product
line that incorporates filaments comprised of PGA within the lumen of the
microcoils. MicruSphere, Cashmere, Presidio, HeliPaq and UltiPaq, DeltaPaq
and DeltaPlush are all available in Cerecyte versions. Initial data from
single center studies presented at major scientific meetings suggest that
Cerecyte may promote more thorough aneurysm healing and may reduce the risk of
recanalization or the need for retreatment. To improve on the scientific rigor
of these early data points, we are conducting two post market studies, a
prospective randomized trial and a registry, which will provide additional data
regarding the potential benefits of Cerecyte. Both the Cerecyte Coil Trial
CCT and Cerecyte Registry were completed in early 2009 and the data is
being assembled for submission to peer review journals in fiscal year
2010.
Stent
Platform.Our PHAROS stent is a rapid exchange
balloon-delivered device which enables the neurointerventionalist to deliver and
deploy a stent in one step, eliminating the need for pre-dilation of the
constricted vasculature. We believe this feature may reduce overall procedural
time and cost. We believe that the balloon catheter marker bands combined with
the radiopacity of the stainless steel stent provide for excellent visibility
resulting in improved placement accuracy of deployment. We also believe that the
combination of PHAROS Rapid Exchange Technology and trackable tip will enable
a physician to effectively access the tortuous and distal anatomy of the brain.
In March 2006, we launched the PHAROS stent in certain countries outside of the
United States that recognize the CE Mark. In March 2008, we filed an
Investigational Device Exemption IDE with FDA for our next generation stent,
the PHAROS Vitesse, for the treatment of neurovascular stenoses. In July 2008,
we received FDA conditional approval of our investigational device exemption for
the PHAROS VISSIT study. The VISSIT study is the first industry sponsored,
randomized, prospective clinical trial designed to compare the clinical outcomes
between patients who receive a stent for the treatment of their intracranial
ischemic stenosis versus being treated with medical therapy. We are in the
process of initiating study sites in the United States, Europe and
China.
Improved Access
Products.We launched an access product line which includes
the Courier ENZO deflectable microcatheter, the Courier line of
microcatheters,the Neuropath guide catheter and the Watusi line of
guidewires. We believe that our Courier microcatheters provide
neurointerventionalists with more predictable and secure access to the complex
and distal anatomy of the cerebral vasculature. The Neuropath guide catheter
combines robust proximal support with a highly flexible and visible tip designed
to facilitate atraumatic vascular access. The Neuropath guidecatheter is
used as a conduit for delivery of the microcatheter or other devices such as
coils to the aneurysm. We intend to continue to pursue this non-embolic product
line expansion with the goal of increasing our revenue opportunity per
procedure.
Micrus
Strategy
Our
objective is to develop and commercialize innovative, minimally invasive medical
devices that provide a comprehensive solution to physicians for the treatment of
hemorrhagic and ischemic stroke. The key elements of our strategy to achieve our
objective include:
7
Table of Contents
Expand Our Hemorrhagic Market Share
through Continued Product Innovation.We believe that our
microcoils, catheters, wires, and stents offer safer, more effective and less
technically demanding treatment options for neurointerventionalists which have
resulted in the rapid growth of our revenues. We believe that continued product
innovations such as the introductions of our Cerecyte line of bioactive
microcoils, Cashmere microcoils, the Presidio microcoils, the DeltaPaq
microcoils and DeltaPlush microcoils, ENZO deflectable catheter, Ascent
balloon catheter and Neuropath guide catheters will allow us to further grow
our market share. We are continuing to develop new technologies which we believe
may further enhance aneurysm occlusion and reduce the rate of
recanalization.
Increase Our Per-Procedure
Revenues6% of our revenue for fiscal 2009 has come from the
sale of non-embolic products. This product line expansion includes stents,
microcatheters and guidewires and accessories that we believe have increased our
per-procedure revenue opportunity from approximately 40% to 80% of every
procedure dollar.
Enter the Ischemic Stroke
Market.Through our agreement with Biotronik, we launched our
first product addressing the ischemic stroke market, our PHAROS stent. We
intend to continue developing additional stent platforms for this market. In
October 2007, we acquired an exclusive license to revascularization technology
for the treatment of ischemic stroke through the acquisition of ReVasc from The
Cleveland Clinic. In January 2008, we entered into a license, development and
commercialization agreement with Genesis. Under the terms of the agreement, we
licensed the rights to Genesis F.A.S.T. Funnel Catheter and clot retrieval
system for the treatment of ischemic stroke. In March 2008, we filed an IDE with
the FDA for our next generation stent, the PHAROS Vitesse, for the treatment
of intracranial stenoses.
Leverage Our Sales and Marketing
Expansion.We intend to continue to expand our direct sales
force in North America, Europe and Asia as necessary and further increase our
presence in the Asian markets through distributors. This expansion should
provide us access to more hospitals, garner more per-procedure revenues and
expand our market share.
Continue to Penetrate Asian
Market.We believe that Japan and China represent significant
potential markets for our products and, in March 2006, we launched our sales and
marketing efforts in Japan through our distribution partner, Goodman. In
December 2007, we received regulatory approval to sell our stretch-resistant
microcoils in Japan and we received regulatory approval for our Cerecyte
microcoils in July 2008. We will begin selling our products in China upon
receiving regulatory approvals.
License or Acquire Complementary
Products and Technologies.In addition to growing our business
through internal product development efforts, we will continue to look for
opportunities to license and/or acquire technologies to provide solutions for
the treatment of a variety of cerebral vascular conditions. In July 2005, we
acquired certain deflectable catheter technologies from Vascular FX. In January
2006, we entered into a license, development and distribution agreement with
Biotronik, a company with stent design and manufacturing expertise, pursuant to
which we collaborate with Biotronik to develop certain neurovascular stent
products. This agreement provides us with the exclusive worldwide right to
market stent products developed jointly by Biotronik and us. In November 2006,
we acquired certain neurovascular catheter patent and process technology through
the acquisition of VasCon. In October 2007, we acquired an exclusive license to
revascularization technology for the treatment of ischemic stroke through the
acquisition of ReVasc from The Cleveland Clinic. In January 2008, we entered
into a license, development and commercialization agreement with Genesis. Under
the terms of the agreement, we licensed the rights to Genesis F.A.S.T. Funnel
Catheter and clot retrieval system for the treatment of ischemic stroke. In
April 2008, we entered into a co-development agreement with Chemence Medical
Products, Inc. Chemence to jointly develop a liquid embolic product for the
treatment of cerebral aneurysms using Chemences cyanoacrylate technology,
development capabilities and intellectual property. By continuing to acquire
complementary products, we believe that we can address a broader range of
physician and patient needs.
Products
The
following table shows our principal products and indicates significant
applications for these products. Most of our products are intended for single
use and are either disposed of or, in the case of microcoils, remain in the
patient after the procedure. All of our products set forth in the following
table have received CE Mark authorization and, except for our PHAROS stent, are
covered by the FDA 510k process.
8
Table of Contents
Product Line
Sizes
Product
Description
MicruSphere
Microcoil
2-18
mm diameter
Three-dimensional
framing microcoil; stabilizes the aneurysm. Available in bare platinum and
Cerecyte.
Presidio
Microcoil
4-20
mm diameter
Framing
and filling coil to deliver more neck and wall coverage in a single
deployment. Available in Cerecyte.
Cashmere
Complex
Microcoil
2-12
mm diameter
Three-dimensional
framing and filling complex coil for aneurysms which requirea
softer coil. Available in Cerecyte and stretch resistant
platinum.
DeltaPaq
Microcoil
15-10
mm diameter, up to 25cm in length
Filling
microcoil featuring the new Delta Wind triangular primary wind featuring
natural deflection points allowing the coil to change direction more
easily, facilitating greater packing density.Available in bare
platinum and Cerecyte.
DeltaPlush Microcoil
15mm-4mm,
up to 8cm in length
Designed
for finishing, DeltaPlush microcoil combine our exclusive Delta Wind
technology with our softest platinum wire. The result is a 10 system
microcoil with the softness and flexibility to find and fill the empty
gaps and open spaces, helping provide superior finishing at the aneurysm
neck.Available in bare platinum and
Cerecyte.
9
Table of Contents
UltiPaq
Microcoil
2-4
mm diameter
Finishing
microcoil; soft, stretch resistant, pliable microcoil designed to complete
filling of the aneurysm. Available in bare platinum and
Cerecyte.
HeliPaq HeliPaq
SR
Microcoil
HeliPaq
2-20mm diameter; HeliPaqSR 2-10mm
diameter
Filling
microcoil; occludes aneurysm following framing. Available in bare platinum
and Cerecyte.
InterPaq
Microcoil
4
and 6 mm diameter
Filling
microcoil; occludes aneurysm following framing. Available in bare
platinum.
Cerecyte
Microcoil
2-20
mm diameter
Available
in MicruSphere, Cashmere, Presidio, Ultipaq, DeltaPaq,
DeltaPlushand HeliPaq SR. Includes filaments comprised of
PGA, a bioactive material.
Courier
ENZO Microcatheter
0170
and 0190 inner diameter and 150cm
length
Unique
deflectable device used to deliver embolics into the
aneurysm.
Courier
Microcatheter
0170
and 0190 inner diameter and 150cm
length
Device
used to deliver embolics into the
aneurysm.
10
Table of Contents
Neuropath Guide
Catheter
5
and 6 french internal diameter and a 90 and 100cm length
The
Neuropath guide catheter uses Progressive Shaft TechnologyTM
to facilitate the smooth delivery of multiple devices from microcatheters,
balloons, guidewires and microcoils. It comes in a variety of tip shapes
and sizes.
Watusi
Guidewire
014
diameter and 205 cm length
Device
used to guide microcatheters and other devices to the aneurysm or stenosis
site.
PHAROS VitesseStent
System
25
mm - 40 mm outer diameter and 8 mm 20mm length
For
use as scaffolding of wide-neck aneurysms to ensure that the microcoil is
not dislodged and for use in opening intracranial arteries that have
narrowed.
Ascent
Balloon Catheter
4
mm diameter and higher. Multiple lengths
A
coaxial dual lumen balloon catheter designed for use over
any0014-inch guidewire. It is intended for use for temporary
vascular occlusion and to assist in delivery of diagnostic and therapeutic
agents.
EnPower
Detachment
Control Box and
Connecting Cable
Next-generation
control box provides electronic control via a lithium ion battery and
initiates detachment of our proprietary microcoil system. The EnPower
also features remote cable which enablesphysicians to detach
the coils from the patient
field.
11
Table of Contents
Microcoil
Products
We offer
a range of microcoils designed to enable neurointerventionalists to treat a wide
variety of aneurysms. These include our MicruSphere, Cashmere, DeltaPaq,
DeltaPlushand Ultipaq microcoil systems which are available in
bare platinum and Cerecyte versions, and the Presidio line of microcoils which
also incorporates our proprietary Cerecyte technology. All of our microcoils
utilize our rapid deployment system and perform certain specific
functions:
Frame.Our
MicruSphere, Presidio and Cashmere microcoils are typically the first
microcoils used by neurointerventionalists to frame the aneurysm. The
MicruSphere microcoil folds automatically into a spherical
three-dimensional shape that conforms to the shape of the aneurysm. This
conforming shape reduces the need for the clinician to manipulate and
reposition the coil multiple times, shortens procedure time, and reduces
the potential for complications. Additional microcoils may then be placed
within the first microcoil in smaller sizes in an approach known as the
Russian doll technique, sequentially filling the
aneurysm.
Frame and
Fill.Our Presidio and Cashmere microcoils feature
longer lengths and their own unique shapes required to frame and fill the
aneurysm. This can allow for more platinum to be deployed at the neck of
the aneurysm, as well as greater packing
density.
Fill.The
Cashmere microcoil is a stretch resistant complex coil which may also be
used as a filling coil. The Cashmere combines extra coil softness with a
3 dimensional secondary shape in a 14 system coil. Attributes of a 14
system coil help deliver more packing density per cm of coil compared with
smaller system microcoils. The DeltaPaq features a completely new coil
technology to the market, called Delta Wind. This unique triangular
shaped primary wind allows the DeltaPaq to change directions rapidly, far
surpassing traditional round primary winds. The Delta Wind technology is
designed to increase packing density, which in previous studies has led to
less recanalizations. Our proprietary DeltaPaq, HeliPaq and HeliPaq SR
products are filling microcoils used to fill gaps which may remain in the
center of the aneurysm after placement of one or more of our MicruSphere
microcoils. Both the HeliPaq and the HeliPaq SR automatically form a
helical shape upon deployment, which allows filling of complex gaps in the
aneurysm. The HeliPaq SR employs a stretch-resistant system designed to
prevent the microcoil from stretching in an unwanted manner while being
positioned in the aneurysm. InterPaq microcoils are filling coils used in
larger size aneurysms requiring a greater volume of coil mass in order to
be adequately filled.
Finish.Our
UltiPaq microcoil is an extra-soft, stretch-resistant finishing coil,
used to provide additional aneurysm neck coverage and to more thoroughly
fill in the aneurysm after placement of one or more MicruSphere,
Presidio, Cashmereand/or HeliPaq microcoils. The
DeltaPlush microcoil is designed to be our softest finishing coil,
enabling the more efficient and safe aneurysm
treatment.
Cerecyte.Our
proprietary Cerecyte microcoil product line incorporates filaments
comprised of PGA into most of our current line of microcoils
MicruSphere, Presidio, Cashmere, DeltaPaq, DeltaPlush, HeliPaq,
HeliPaq SR and UltiPaq. Because the PGA filaments run through the center
of our microcoils, our Cerecyte microcoils possess the same handling
characteristics as our standard platinum microcoils. Initial data from
single center studies published in peer review journals and presented at
major scientific meetings suggest that Cerecyte may improve clinical
outcomes compared to bare platinum coils. We are conducting two
post-market clearance studies CCT and Cerecyte Registry to collect
human clinical data for the purpose of demonstrating accelerated healing
by our Cerecyte microcoil product
line.
In
January 2009, we completed the enrollment of 500 patients in our CCT. The CCT is
a prospective randomized multi-center trial which directly compares Micrus
Cerecyte bioactive coils to Micrus bare platinum coils for the treatment of
intracranial aneurysms. Similarly, we also completed the enrollment of 250
patients in our Cerecyte Registry in January 2009. The Cerecyte Registry is a
prospective non-randomized United States multi-center registry designed to
document the clinical and angiographic outcomes of intracranial aneurysms
treated with our Cerecyte bioactive coils. The Cerecyte Registry plans to
enroll a total of 250patients to assess patient outcomes one year after
treatment.
PHAROS Balloon-Expandable
Stent
Our
PHAROS stent is a balloon-delivered device which can be used both to treat
ischemic disease and for scaffolding of wide-neck aneurysms to ensure that the
microcoil is not dislodged. For the treatment of ischemic disease, our PHAROS
stent dilates intracranial arteries that have narrowed and allows the
neurointerventionalist to deliver and deploy a stent in one step. We believe
this feature will help reduce overall procedural time and cost. We believe that
the balloon catheter marker bands combined with the radiopacity of the stent
provide for excellent visibility resulting in improved accuracy of
deployment.
12
Table of Contents
We
believe that PHAROS Rapid Exchange Technology and trackable tip will enable a
physician to access tortuous and distal anatomy. In March 2006, we launched the
PHAROS stent in certain countries outside the United States that recognize the
CE Mark. In July 2008, we received FDA conditional approval of our
investigational device exemption for the PHAROS VISSIT study. The VISSIT study
is the first industry sponsored, randomized, prospective clinical trial designed
to compare the clinical outcomes between patients who are stented for
intracranial ischemic stenosis versus treated with medical therapy. We are in
the process of initiating study sites in the United States, Europe and
China.
Access
Products
We offer
the following products:
Courier Microcatheter.Our
Courier microcatheter is a device used to deliver microcoils to the
aneurysm. Our Courier microcatheter features our proprietary Endurance
technology designed to enhance both tip shaping and tip shape retention,
both of which are vital to optimal coil delivery. It is available in
straight and pre-shaped configurations. Our Courier Microcatheter has
been designed to provide the neurointerventionalist with the ability to
navigate the tortuous vasculature of the brain. The microcatheters design
and hydrophilic coating enable a high level of stability, tip shape
retention and overall tracking.
Neuropath Guide
catheter.The Neuropath guide catheter uses Progressive
Shaft TechnologyTM
and facilitates the smooth delivery of multiple devices from
microcatheters, balloons, guidewires and micro coils. It comes in a
variety of tip shapes as well as varying sizes. It is currently available
in a 5 and 6 french internal diameter and a 90 and 100cm
length.
Courier ENZO Microcatheter.
Introduced to the United States in 2007 and to Europe in January 2008, the
ENZOdeflectable tip microcatheter is designed to offer
improved maneuverability through the brains tortuous vasculature and to
enable in vivo
repositioning of the microcatheter in the aneurysm, allowing physicians to
more efficiently fill aneurysms, which may lead to improved outcomes. We
believe that ENZO is the only deflectable tip microcatheter available for
use in the neurointerventional
market.
AscentTM Balloon Catheter. The
AscentTM
balloon catheter is a coaxial dual lumen balloon catheter designed for use
over any 0014 inch guidewire. It is intended to be used for temporary
vascular occlusion and to assist in delivery of microcoils into the
aneurysm.
Microcoil
Delivery System and Deployment Mechanism
In
addition to the detachable microcoil, our microcoil delivery system is comprised
of a DPU, a connecting cable and the EnPower deployment control box. Our DPU is
a flexible catheter to which a Micrus microcoil is attached. The DPU allows
transport of the microcoil through the vasculature to the brain and final
positioning within the aneurysm. Deployment of the microcoil occurs when the
neurointerventionalist activates a resistive heater at the tip of the DPU,
shearing the polyethylene fiber that holds the microcoil onto the DPU. Our
deployment technology results in fast and reliable deployment of the microcoil
from the DPU.
Sales
and Marketing
We market
our products to interventional neuroradiologists and neurosurgeons who generally
practice at centers located in major metropolitan areas. There are currently
approximately 300 - 400 neurointerventionalists in the United States who perform
embolic coiling procedures. We believe that less than one-third of these
physicians perform a substantial majority of the total number of embolic coiling
procedures performed in the United States each year.
We have
developed relationships with a number of these neurointerventionalists who
perform a large number of cerebral vascular procedures. In fiscal 2009, a
substantial portion of our product sales in the United States was to
approximately 116 hospitals. In order to encourage the continued adoption of our
products, we believe that we need to continue to build and maintain
relationships with these neurointerventionalists. We believe that these
relationships are enhanced by the presence of our direct sales organization.
Sales of embolic coiling products involve a long-term relationship between the
sales representative and neurointerventionalist where the sales representative
must initially be present for product demonstrations and to monitor procedures.
We recruit our sales representatives based on their experience with minimally
invasive devices and prior success in the medical device industry. We provide
ongoing sales and product training to our employees and distributors and
continually monitor their performance. We also market our products at various
industry trade shows and conferences.
13
Table of Contents
In the
United States and Canada, we market our products through our direct sales force
to neurointerventionalists, while in Europe, we rely on both a direct sales
force and a distribution network. In Asia Pacific and Latin America, we market
our products through a distribution network. We currently have a North American
direct sales force of 37, a European direct sales force of 18, an Asia Pacific
direct sales force of four and one direct sales person in Latin
America.We may add clinical and sales support personnel at both the
direct and distributor level in Asia Pacific and Europe to ensure a high level
of global physician support for all our products.
We have
entered into agreements with distributors in Italy, Spain and other European
countries, as well as portions of the Middle East, Asia and Latin America. Our
distributors are experienced in the interventional device markets and have
relationships with leading neurointerventionalists and institutions in those
countries. Our standard distribution agreement generally iprovides our
distributors with an exclusive right to distribute our products in a certain
territory; iirestricts them from selling products that are competitive
with our products for the limited duration of our agreement with them;
iiiobligates them to obtain the necessary authorizations, licenses and
approvals to import, market and distribute our products within the applicable
territory; and ivobligates them to promote and distribute our products
within the applicable territory.
We
believe that Japan represents a significant market for our products. On
September30, 2005, we entered into a five-year, exclusive distribution
agreement with Goodman to promote and market our products in Japan. In February
2006, we received the requisite local regulatory approvals to sell certain of
our products in Japan through Goodman, and the sale of such products in Japan
commenced in March 2006. On September20, 2007, we amended the distribution
agreement with Goodman to, among other things, extend the duration of the
distribution agreement to six years from the original date of the distribution
agreement. In December 2007, we received regulatory approval to sell our
stretch-resistant microcoils in Japan, and we received regulatory approval for
our Cerecyte microcoils in July 2008.
Information
about our revenues from sales to unaffiliated customers is included in
Note14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, which are
included in Item8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this
report.
We
generate revenues from sales to hospitals and third-party distributors. Once a
sale has occurred, the customer has no right of return. We provide the customers
with limited warranty privileges. 
Goodman,
our distributor in Japan, accounted for 12% and 15% of revenues for the years
ended March31, 2009 and 2007, respectively. No customer accounted for 10%
or more of our revenues for the year ended March31, 2008.
Research
and Development
Our
product development efforts are focused on designing microcoils, guidewires,
microcatheters, balloons, thrombectomy devices and stents for the treatment of
hemorrhagic and ischemic stroke. We are working to develop next generation
microcoils to frame and fill the aneurysm more efficiently and thoroughly. Also
under development are next-generation balloon expandable stents for the
treatment of intracranial atherosclerosis, self-expanding stents and covered
stents as well as occlusion balloons to augment the treatment of aneurysms with
microcoils.
Additionally,
we are developing technologies to treat acute ischemic stroke. In October 2007,
we acquired an exclusive license to revascularization technology for the
treatment of ischemic stroke through the acquisition of ReVasc from The
Cleveland Clinic. In January 2008, we entered into a license, development and
commercialization agreement with Genesis. Under the terms of the agreement, we
licensed the rights to Genesis F.A.S.T. Funnel Catheter and clot retrieval
system for the treatment of ischemic stroke. In April 2008, we entered into a
co-development agreement with Chemence to jointly develop a liquid embolic
product for the treatment of cerebral aneurysms using Chemences cyanoacrylate
technology, development capabilities and intellectual property.
As of
March31, 2009, we had 36full-time employees engaged in research and
development activities. Research and development expenses for the fiscal years
ended March31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 were $102 million, $137million
and $79million, respectively.
Biotronik
Collaboration
In
January 2006, we entered into a license, development and distribution agreement
with Biotronik, pursuant to which we will collaborate with Biotronik to develop
certain neurovascular products and we will be the exclusive worldwide
distributor for jointly developed neurovascular products. Biotronik granted us
an exclusive license to certain patents, know-how and other proprietary
technology in the neurovascular field.
14
Table of Contents
Under the
terms of our agreement, we paid an up-front licensing fee of approximately
$06million to Biotronik and were required to make milestone payments to
Biotronik upon receipt of approvals to market stent products we jointly
developed for the treatment of neurovascular disease and royalty payments on the
products sold. In February 2006, Biotronik received CE Mark authorization for
the PHAROS stent intended for both the treatment of aneurysms and the treatment
of ischemic diseases. As a consequence, we made milestone payments to Biotronik
of approximately $07million in both March and April 2006. We paid an
additional cost associated with the PHAROS stent development of $102,000 in the
first quarter of fiscal 2007. Additionally, we have incurred royalties to
Biotronik of approximately $169,000, $150,000 and $34,000 for the products sold
in fiscal 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. There is no future milestone
payments to Biotronik related to the PHAROS stent. Additionally, we will
continue to fund ongoing project development based on the terms of this
agreement.
ReVasc
Acquisition
In
October 2007, we entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement the ReVasc
Agreement with The Cleveland Clinic and acquired ReVasc, a wholly-owned
subsidiary of The Cleveland Clinic for an aggregate up-front purchase price of
$10million. Pursuant to the ReVasc Agreement, we also agreed to pay The
Cleveland Clinic up to an additional $50million in payments upon the
achievement of certain milestones set forth in the ReVasc Agreement, with
minimum milestone payments of at least $20million due to The Cleveland
Clinic by October 2010. The first milestone payment in the amount of $500,000
was paid in March 2008. The remaining minimum milestone payment of $15 million
has been accrued at March 31, 2009.
ReVasc
was a party to a license agreement with The Cleveland Clinic the ReVasc
License Agreement pursuant to which The Cleveland Clinic granted ReVasc an
exclusive license to its revascularization technology for the treatment of
ischemic stroke. In connection with the acquisition, the parties amended the
ReVasc License Agreement to provide, among other matters, for the payment to The
Cleveland Clinic of certain royalties for sales of products based on the
technology subject to the ReVasc License Agreement.
On
December7, 2007, we merged ReVasc into Micrus. Following the merger,
Micrus became the direct recipient of the license of the revascularization
technology from The Cleveland Clinic under the ReVasc License Agreement. In
fiscal 2010, we plan to finalize our development and validation work and intend
to perform safety studies outside the United States.
Genesis
Collaboration
In
January 2008, we entered into a license, development and commercialization
agreement with Genesis. Under the terms of the agreement, we licensed the rights
to Genesis F.A.S.T. Funnel Catheter, a revascularization platform and clot
retrieval system for the treatment of ischemic stroke. In fiscal 2010, we plan
to finalize our development and validation work on these Ischemic products and
intend to perform safety studies outside the United States. The transaction with
Genesis includes an initial up-front payment of $08 million, a development
milestone payment of $150,000, which was paid in October 2008, and royalties on
potential future product sales. Additionally, we paid $351,000 in consulting
fees to Genesis in fiscal 2009 for the funnel catheter product
development.
Disposition
of Cardiac and Peripheral Catheter Platform Assets
In
January 2008, we entered into an Asset Purchase and Supply Agreement the Merit
Agreement with Merit Medical Systems, Inc. Merit pursuant to which we sold
certain cardiac and peripheral catheter platform assets and technology the
Merit Transaction. The majority of the assets sold were originally acquired
by us in November 2006 in connection with our purchase of VasCon. Pursuant to
the Merit Agreement, we received an up-front payment of $15million and
received an additional $15million in December 2008 upon the completion of
our obligation to help Merit build a production line for coronary guide
catheters. Under the terms of the Merit Agreement, we also agreed to manufacture
and supply certain guide catheters to Merit for a period of up to one year
following the closing. This obligation expired in January 2009, and we no longer
supply guide catheters to Merit.
In
connection with the Merit Transaction, we also entered into a license agreement
granting Merit the right to use certain non-patented intellectual property in
the cardiology and peripheral radiology fields and a non-competition agreement,
whereby we agreed not to engage in certain competitive business activities in
the fields of cardiology and peripheral radiology for a period of five
years.
If
requested by Merit, we must provide reasonable assistance to help Merit build
production lines for peripheral guiding sheaths and/or cardiovascular
microcatheters. Merit must inform us within six months following the completion
of the coronary guide catheters production line that this assistance will be
needed. In October 2008, we amended the Merit Agreement extending the
termination date for this obligation to September 30, 2009.
15
Table of Contents
Though
certain elements, namely the acquired assets, licensing rights and the
production line assistance for coronary guide catheters, have been delivered to
Merit as of March 31, 2009, we are still obligated to deliver the regulatory
documentation and production line assistance for the peripheral guiding sheaths
and/or cardiovascular microcatheters. We anticipate that the remaining
obligations will be completed in the second quarter of fiscal 2010.
Chemence
Collaboration
In April
2008, we entered into a co-development agreement with Chemence to jointly
develop a liquid embolic product for the treatment of cerebral aneurysms using
Chemences cyanoacrylate technology, development capabilities and intellectual
property. We will be responsible for overseeing the regulatory and clinical
process and will be the exclusive worldwide distributor for the neurovascular
product developed based on this collaborative agreement. Under the terms of the
agreement, we have made an up-front payment of $100,000 to Chemence and will
make additional payments of up to $200,000 upon achieving certain development
milestones.
Physician
Advisors
We rely
extensively on our physician advisors to advise on our research and development
efforts and to provide feedback on the clinical use of our products. Our
advisors are experts in interventional neuroradiology and cerebral vascular
diseases. We regularly consult with our physician advisors regarding our
research and development efforts, preclinical trials and clinical
trials.
Some of
our physician advisors have been granted options to purchase shares of our
common stock and/or receive a consulting fee. All of our physician advisors are
reimbursed for reasonable expenses. In addition, our medical advisors receive
compensation for clinical studies they conduct for us. All of our medical
advisors are employed by other organizations and may have commitments to or have
consulting arrangements with other companies, including our competitors, which
may limit their availability to consult with us. Although these advisors may
contribute significantly to our business, we generally do not expect them to
devote more than a small portion of their time to us. We also routinely seek
advice, input and feedback on our products and business from a larger broader
group of physicians and advisors, some of whom may also receive appropriate
compensation for their time and expert opinions.
Manufacturing
We
manufacture and/or assemble, inspect, test and package all our proprietary
microcoils and microcatheters at our headquarters in SanJose, California,
or in Miramar, Florida. Most of our non-embolic products are manufactured in
Miramar, Florida. As of March31, 2009, we had 153employees in
manufacturing, quality control, manufacturing engineering and materials and
logistics.
We have
substantial design, manufacturing and applications engineering expertise in the
development of small vessel access and delivery systems and intend to continue
to leverage this expertise to develop new products. By designing and
manufacturing most of the components of our products, we have been able to
maintain greater control of quality and manufacturing process changes. Our
microcoils are very small in size, ranging from 10 mm to 200 mm in diameter
and are manufactured using microfabrication techniques. We have developed
proprietary manufacturing technologies and processes in the areas of platinum
memory shaping, metal fabrication, balloon fabrication and microcatheter and
stent fabrication.
Trained
product personnel assemble and test each of our components and products in
controlled environment rooms. At various assembly stages each lot of product
undergoes thorough testing to ensure compliance with applicable regulations,
including Quality System Regulations QSR requirements in the United States
and ISO 13485 certification standards in Europe. These standards specify the
requirements necessary for a quality management system to consistently provide
product that meet customer requirements and to include processes for achieving
the outputs of the quality management system that are required in order to
obtain a CE Mark to sell medical devices within the European Union. Our quality
assurance group verifies that product fabrication and inspection process steps
meet our stringent quality specifications and applicable regulatory
requirements. Upon successful completion of these steps, the products are
packaged, sterilized and prepared for shipment. We typically ship products as
orders are received.
We have
implemented quality control systems as part of our manufacturing processes,
which we believe are in substantial compliance with United States Good
Manufacturing Practices GMP or QSR requirements. Our SanJose facility
has also been inspected by the California Department of Health Services on
behalf of the State of California and under contract with the FDA, and is
registered with the State of California to manufacture our products. We believe
that we are in compliance with the FDA GMP for medical devices, and our
facilities are subject to inspection by the FDA. The most recent of such
inspections occurred in September 2008 in SanJose and in September 2007 in
our Doral facility, prior to the relocation of that plant to Miramar. However,
we cannot assure that we will remain in compliance with GMP and our failure to
do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results
and financial condition.
16
Table of Contents
We
purchase the raw materials required for production from various qualified
outside vendors. In addition, the deployment control box is manufactured by an
outside supplier. We rely on single sources for some of our critical components,
including the deployment control box, the platinum used to manufacture the
microcoils and certain custom hypodermic tubing material. In addition, we have a
sole source subcontract arrangement for sterilization services. We believe that
we have alternative sources for most of the components purchased from single
sources currently and generally maintain adequate supply of products to avoid
production interruptions. Where we do not have a qualified second source vendor
for a product component and depending on the exact component, we believe that it
would take us from two days to a month to either manufacture the product
component ourselves or have a readily available new supply of the product
component. Any unanticipated interruption in the supply of these components and
services could have a material adverse effect on us.
Patents
and Proprietary Rights
Our
success depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain proprietary
protection for our products, technology and know-how, to operate without
infringing on the proprietary rights of others and to prevent others from
infringing our proprietary rights. Our policy is to seek protection of our
proprietary position by filing United States and foreign patent applications to
protect technology, inventions and improvements that are important to our
business. We also rely on trade secrets, know-how and continuing technological
innovation to develop and maintain our proprietary position. We hold 70 issued
United States patents and 104 issued foreign patents expiring between 2015 and
2026. In addition, we have 40 United States and 60 foreign patent applications
pending covering various aspects of our products and technology.
The
issued patents relate, among other things, to subject matter in the following
areas:
vaso-occlusive
microcoils and devices and methods for manufacturing such coils and
devices;
microcoil
deployment systems;
bioactive
microcoils;
intracranial
vascular stents;
catheters
for neurovascular intervention;
embolic
clot retrieval devices;and
bioactive
material placement systems and
methods.
In
addition to developing our own technology, we have obtained licenses to certain
patents and other intellectual property, including for materials used as coating
on our guidewires and for certain types of coils. These licenses grant us the
right to use the licensed patents to make, use and sell products that contain
the licensed technology. We pay for these licenses through a combination of
fixed payments and royalties on sales of covered products. Each of these
licenses continues until expiration of the licensed patents. Payments under
these license arrangements currently do not account for a material portion of
our expenses.
Although
we work aggressively to protect our technology, there is no assurance that any
patents will be issued from current pending patent applications or from future
patent applications. We also cannot assure that the scope of any patent
protection will exclude competitors or provide competitive advantages to us,
that any of our patents will be held valid if subsequently challenged, or others
will not claim rights in or ownership of our patents and proprietary rights.
Furthermore, there can be no assurance that others have not developed or will
develop similar products, duplicate any of our products or design around our
patents.
The
medical device industry has been characterized by extensive litigation regarding
patents and other intellectual property rights, and many companies in the
industry have employed intellectual property litigation to gain a competitive
advantage. In September 2004, Boston Scientific Corporation and Target
Therapeutics, Inc., a subsidiary of Boston Scientific Corporation,
collectively, Boston Scientific filed a patent infringement suit against us.
On September 22, 2008, we entered into a Settlement and License Agreement the
Settlement and License Agreement with Boston Scientific and a Settlement and
Release Agreement the Settlement and Release Agreement with The Regents of
the University of California the Regents in order to resolve pending patent
litigation between Boston Scientific and us the Patent Litigation.
17
Table of Contents
On October 8, 2008, the
Court entered an order dismissing the Patent Litigation with prejudice, as
described in greater detail in Item 3 - Legal Proceedings. We may in the
future be subject to further litigation from other companies in our industry.
The defense and prosecution of patent suits, United States Patent and Trademark
Office interference proceedings and related administrative proceedings can be
costly and time consuming. An adverse determination in our litigation with
Boston Scientific or in any other litigation or administrative proceedings with
any other third party could subject us to significant liabilities or require us
to seek licenses. There is no assurance that any such licenses will be available
on satisfactory terms, if at all. Adverse determinations in a judicial or
administrative proceeding or failure to obtain necessary licenses could prevent
us from manufacturing and selling our products, which would have a material
adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial
condition.
In
addition to patents, we rely on trademark, trade secret and other intellectual
property laws, nondisclosure agreements and other measures to protect our
intellectual property rights. We believe that in order to have a competitive
advantage, we must develop and maintain the proprietary aspects of our
technologies. We require our employees, consultants and advisors to execute
confidentiality agreements in connection with their employment, consulting or
advisory relationships with us. We also require our employees, consultants and
advisors who we expect to work on our products to agree to disclose and assign
to us all inventions conceived while working for us, using our property or which
relate to our business. Despite any measures taken to protect our intellectual
property, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our products or to
obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary.
Competition
We
compete primarily with Boston Scientific, Codman, a division of
Johnson Johnson Codman, ev3/Micro Therapeutics and
Terumo/MicroVention. Boston Scientific, Codman and ev3/Micro Therapeutics offer
broad product lines consisting of embolic microcoils, microcatheters, stents,
balloons and guidewires. Boston Scientific, Codman, ev3/Micro Therapeutics and
Terumo/MicroVention currently market a variety of microcatheters which are
compatible with our coil systems.
Currently,
Boston Scientific is the only company besides Micrus to sell bioactive
microcoils. Boston Scientific markets the Matrix coil which features a platinum
core coated with an absorbable suture material intended to cause a tissue
reaction. Terumo/MicroVention markets the HydroCoil which is an embolic
microcoil that swells in the presence of fluid to provide greater volumetric
occlusion to an aneurysm. Codman markets a bare platinum line of microcoils but
does not market bioactive or stretch resistant microcoils. Through its
acquisition by Terumo, MicroVention now markets microcatheters, guide catheters
and guidewires as well, joining Boston Scientific, Codman, ev3 and Micrus in
this market segment. Boston Scientific has received from the FDA a Humanitarian
Device Exemption HDE to market stents for the treatment of hemorrhagic and
ischemic stoke. Codman has received an HDE to market a stent indicated for the
treatment of hemorrhagic stroke.
Boston
Scientific, Terumo/MicroVention, ev3 and Codman are all large publicly traded
companies or divisions of large publicly traded companies and enjoy several
competitive advantages over us, including: greater financial and personnel
resources; significantly greater name recognition; established relationships
with neurointerventionalists; established distribution networks; greater
resources for product research and development; greater experience in, and
resources for, launching, marketing, distributing and selling products; and more
broad-based and deeper product lines.
We
believe that the principal competitive factors in the market for medical devices
used in the treatment of cerebral vascular diseases include:
improved
patient outcomes as a result of physician use of the
device;
access
to and acceptance by leading
physicians;
depth
of product line;
product
quality and reliability;
ease
of use for physicians;
sales
and marketing capability;and
brand
recognition and reputation.
18
Table of Contents
Our
current or potential competitors may succeed in developing technologies and
products that are more effective than those developed by us or that would render
our products obsolete or noncompetitive. Additionally, there can be no assurance
that we will be able to effectively compete with such competitors in the
manufacturing, marketing and sale of our products. At any time, other companies
may develop alternative treatments, products or procedures for the treatment of
cerebral aneurysms that compete directly or indirectly with our products. If
alternative treatments prove to be superior to our products, adoption of our
products could be negatively affected and our future revenues could
suffer.
Our
ability to develop safe, effective and reliable products in a timely manner is
the key to our competitive position. Consequently, our success will depend on
how quickly we are able to respond to medical and technological changes through
the development, clinical evaluation and commercialization of new products.
Product development involves a high degree of risk and there can be no assurance
that our research and development efforts will result in commercially successful
products.
Government
Regulation
United
States
The
research, development, manufacture, labeling, distribution and marketing of our
products are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA and other regulatory
bodies. Our current products are regulated by the FDA as medical devices, and we
are required to obtain review and clearance or approval from the FDA prior to
commercializing our devices.
FDAs
Premarket Clearance and Approval Requirements
Unless an
exemption applies, each medical device we wish to commercially distribute in the
United States will require either prior 510k clearance or prior premarket
approval PMA from the FDA. The FDA classifies medical devices into one of
three classes. ClassI devices are subject to general controls e.g.
establishment registration and device listing, labeling, medical devices
reporting MDR, 510k premarket notification and prohibitions against
adulteration and misbranding. Many class I devices are exempt from 510k
premarket notification. ClassII medical devices are subject to both
general controls and special controls and typically require prior 510k
clearance before they may be commercially marketed. The FDA will clear marketing
of a medical device through the 510k process if it is demonstrated that the
new product is substantially equivalent to another legally marketed device,
including a 510k-cleared product, and otherwise meets the FDAs requirements.
Devices deemed by the FDA to pose a great risk, such as life-sustaining,
life-supporting or implantable devices, or devices deemed not substantially
equivalent to a legally marketed device are placed in classIII, most of
which require premarket approval. Both premarket clearance and premarket
approval applications are subject to the payment of user fees, paid at the time
of submission for FDA review. The FDA officially reclassified neurovascular
embolization devices such as our microcoils products to classII medical
devices effective January28, 2005. For our microcoil products, catheter
products and guidewire product, we have obtained multiple 510k
clearances.
510k
Clearance
To obtain
510k clearance, we must submit a premarket notification demonstrating that the
proposed device is substantially equivalent to a previously cleared 510k
device or a device that was in commercial distribution before May28, 1976
for which the FDA has not yet called for the submission of premarket approval
applications. The FDAs 510k clearance pathway usually takes from three to
twelve months from the date the application is submitted, but it can take
significantly longer.
After a
device receives 510k clearance, any modification that could significantly
affect its safety or effectiveness, or that would constitute a significant
change in its intended use, will require a new 510k clearance or could require
premarket approval. The FDA requires each manufacturer to make this
determination initially, but the FDA can review any such decision and can
disagree with a manufacturers determination. If the FDA disagrees with a
manufacturers determination, the FDA can require the manufacturer to cease
marketing and/or recall the modified device until 510k clearance or premarket
approval is obtained. If the FDA requires us to seek 510k clearance or
premarket approval for any modifications to a previously cleared product, we may
be required to cease marketing or recall the modified device until we obtain
this clearance or approval. Also, in these circumstances, we may be subject to
significant regulatory fines or penalties.
Premarket
Approval
A PMA
application must be submitted if the device cannot be cleared through the 510k
process. A PMA application must be supported by extensive data including, but
not limited to, technical, preclinical, clinical trials, manufacturing and
labeling to demonstrate to the FDAs satisfaction the safety and effectiveness
of the device for its intended use.
19
Table of Contents
After a
PMA application is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth review of the
submitted information, which generally takes between one and three years, but
may take significantly longer. During this review period, the FDA may request
additional information or clarification of information already provided. Also
during the review period, an advisory panel of experts from outside the FDA may
be convened to review and evaluate the application and provide recommendations
to the FDA as to the approvability of the device. In addition, the FDA will
conduct a pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facility to ensure
compliance with quality system regulations. New PMA applications or PMA
supplements are required for significant modifications to the manufacturing
process, labeling or design of an approved device. PMA supplements often require
submission of the same type of information as a PMA
application, except that the supplement is limited to information needed to
support any changes from the device covered by the original PMA application, and
may not require as extensive clinical data or the convening of an advisory
panel.
Continuing
FDA Regulation
After a
device is placed on the market, numerous regulatory requirements apply. These
include:
quality
system regulation QSR, which requires manufacturers to follow design,
testing, control, documentation and other quality assurance procedures
during the manufacturing process otherwise known as Good Manufacturing
Practices or GMPs;
labeling
regulations, which prohibit the promotion of products for unapproved or
off-label uses and impose other restrictions on
labeling;and
medical
device reporting regulations, which require that manufacturers report to
the FDA if their device may have caused or contributed to a death or
serious injury or malfunctioned in a way that would likely cause or
contribute to a death or serious injury if it were to
recur.
Failure
to comply with applicable regulatory requirements can result in enforcement
action by the FDA, which may include any of the following
sanctions:
fines,
injunctions, and civil penalties;
recall
or seizure of our products;
operating
restrictions, partial suspension or total shutdown of
production;
refusing
our request for 510k clearance or premarket approval of new
products;
withdrawing
510k clearance or premarket approvals that are already
granted;and
criminal
prosecution.
We are
also subject to unannounced inspections by the FDA and the Food and Drug Branch
of the California Department of Health Services, and these inspections may
include the manufacturing facilities of our subcontractors.
International
International
sales of medical devices are subject to foreign government regulations, which
vary substantially from country to country. The time required to obtain market
authorization by a foreign country may be longer or shorter than that required
for FDA market authorization, and the requirements may differ. For example, in
China, we have submitted market applications for our microcoils and the PHAROS
intracranial stent. The regulatory process in China includes administrative
review of technical documentation, test reports and labeling and also physical
testing of products to test standards before a license for commercial
distribution is granted. The regulations in Central and South American
countries vary substantially from country to country. We have received
market authorizations for our microcoils and certain other products in the
following Central and South American countries:Argentina, Brazil, Chile,
Colombia, Costa Rica, Mexico, Peru and Venezuela.
20
Table of Contents
The
primary regulatory environment in Europe is that of the European Union, which
consists of countries encompassing most of the major countries in Europe. The
European Union has adopted numerous directives and standards regulating the
design, manufacture, clinical trials, labeling, and adverse event reporting for
medical devices. Devices that comply with the requirements of a relevant
directive will be entitled to bear CE conformity marking, indicating that the
device conforms with the essential requirements of the applicable directives
and, accordingly, can be commercially distributed throughout Europe. The method
of assessing conformity varies depending on the class of the product, but
normally involves a combination of self-assessment by the manufacturer and a
third-party assessment by a Notified Body. This third-party assessment may
consist of an audit of the manufacturers quality system and specific testing of
the manufacturers product. An assessment by a Notified Body in one country
within the European Union is required in order for a manufacturer to
commercially distribute the product throughout the European Union.
In Japan,
medical devices must be approved prior to importation and commercial sale by the
MHLW. Manufacturers of medical devices outside of Japan must utilize a
contractually bound Japanese entity to submit an application for device approval
to the MHLW. The MHLW evaluates each device for safety and efficacy. As part of
its approval process, the MHLW may require that the product be tested in
Japanese laboratories. The approval process for products such as our existing
microcoil products is typically 12-15months once an application has been
accepted for review. Other medical devices may require a longer review period
for approval. Once approved, the manufacturer may import the device into Japan
for sale by the manufacturers contractually bound importer or
distributor.
After a
device is approved for importation and commercial sale in Japan, the MHLW
continues to monitor sales of approved products for compliance with labeling
regulations, which prohibit the promotion of devices for unapproved uses and
reporting regulations, which require reporting of product malfunctions,
including serious injury or death caused by any approved device. Failure to
comply with applicable regulatory requirements can result in enforcement action
by the MHLW, which may include fines, injunctions, and civil penalties, recall
or seizure of our products, operating restrictions, partial suspension or total
shutdown of sales in Japan, or criminal prosecution.
In
addition to MHLW oversight, the regulation of medical devices in Japan is also
governed by the Japanese Pharmaceutical Affairs Law PAL. PAL was
substantially revised in July 2002, and the new provisions were implemented in
stages through April 2005. Revised provisions of the approval and licensing
system of medical devices in Japan, which constitutes the core of import
regulations, came into effect on April1, 2005. The revised law changes
class categorizations of medical devices in relation to risk, introduces a third
party certification system, strengthens safety countermeasures for biologically
derived products, and reinforces safety countermeasures at the time of resale or
rental. The revised law also abolishes the ICC system and replaces it with the
primary distributor system. Under the revised PAL, manufacturers outside of
Japan must now appoint a primary distributor located in Japan that holds a
primary distributor license for medical devices to provide primary distribution
services, including conducting quality assurance and safety control tasks for
each product at the time an application for the approval of such product is
submitted to the MHLW. We are unable at this time to determine the impact of
such changes on our approved products, products for which we have already
applied for approval in Japan or future products. We do not anticipate that
these changes will have a material impact on our existing level of third-party
reimbursement for sales of our products in Japan.
Third-Party
Reimbursement
We
believe that the procedures performed using our products are generally already
reimbursable under government programs and most private health insurance plans.
Accordingly, we believe that providers in the United States will generally not
be required to obtain new billing authorizations or codes in order to be
compensated for performing medically necessary procedures using our products on
insured patients or patients covered under government programs such as Medicare
and Medicaid. We also believe that our procedures will be generally reimbursable
under governmental programs and private health insurance plans in Japan. In
Japan, we are required to obtain regulatory clearance for our products to be
eligible for reimbursements by third party payors, even though reimbursement for
embolic coiling procedure is already in place. In China, there is only limited
healthcare reimbursement available for the treatment of stroke.
We cannot
assure that reimbursement polices of third party payors will not change in the
future with respect to some or all of the procedures using our products and
systems. See Item 1A - Risk Factors If neurointerventionalists are
unable to obtain sufficient reimbursement for procedures performed with our
products, it is unlikely that our products will be widely used for a discussion
of various risks associated with reimbursement from third party
payors.
21
Table of Contents
Product
Liability and Insurance
We
maintain general liability insurance, product liability insurance, directors and
officers liability insurance, workers compensation insurance and other insurance
coverage that we believe are customary in type and amounts for the business of
the type we operate. Medical device companies are subject to an inherent risk of
product liability and other liability claims in the event that the use of their
products results in personal injury claims. Any such claims could have an
adverse impact on us. There can be no assurance that product liability or other
claims will not exceed such insurance coverage limits or that such insurance
will continue to be available on commercially acceptable terms, if at
all.
Environmental
Our
company is subject to a variety of federal, state and local environmental
protection measures. We believe that our operations comply in all material
respects with applicable environmental laws and regulations. Our compliance with
these requirements did not during the past fiscal year, and is not expected to
have a material effect upon our capital expenditures, cash flows, earnings or
competitive position. Given the scope and nature of these laws, however, there
can be no assurance that our compliance with environmental laws and regulations
will not have a material impact on our results of operations.
Employees
As of
March31, 2009, in the United States we had 298 full time employees,
including 52 in sales and marketing, 153 in operations and manufacturing, 36 in
research and development, 18 in quality assurance and regulatory compliance, and
39 in general and administrative functions. As of March31, 2009, we had
35employees in Europe, including 22 in sales and marketing and 13 in
general and administrative functions. None of our employees are represented by a
collective bargaining agreement and we have never experienced a work
stoppage.
Seasonality
Our
worldwide sales do not reflect any significant degree of seasonality; however,
in Europe we traditionally experience somewhat lower demand in the second fiscal
quarter than throughout the rest of the fiscal year as a result of the European
summer holiday schedule.
Available
Information
We are
required to file reports under the Exchange Act with the Securities and Exchange
Commission the SEC. You may read and copy our materials on file with the SEC
at the SECs Public Reference Room at 100FStreet, NE, Washington, DC
20549. You may obtain information regarding the SECs Public Reference Room by
calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC also maintains an Internet website at
http www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements and
other information.
You may
also obtain copies of our annual report on Form10-K, our quarterly reports
on Form10-Q, our current reports on Form8-K and amendments to these
reports as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically
filed with or furnished to the SEC free of charge by visiting the investor
relations page on our website, www.micrusendovascular.com. Information contained
on our website is not part of this annual report on Form10-K.
Item1A.Risk
Factors.
Certain
Factors that May Affect Our Business and Future Results
Some of
the information included herein contains forward-looking statements as defined
in Section27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and
Section21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Such
forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of, estimates made by and
information currently available to our management and are subject to certain
risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Any statements contained herein
including, without limitation, statements to the effect that the Company, we,
or management may, will, expects, anticipates, estimates, predicts,
continues, plans, believes, or projects, should,could,
would, intends or statements concerning potential or opportunity, and
any variations thereof, comparable terminology or the negative thereof that are
not statements of historical fact should be construed as forward-looking
statements. Our actual results may vary materially from those expected in these
forward-looking statements. The realization of such forward-looking statements
may be impaired by risks including, but not limited to the
following:
22
Table of Contents
Current worldwide economic
conditions may adversely affect our business, operating results and financial
condition, as well as further decrease our stock price.
General
worldwide economic conditions have experienced a downturn due to the effects of
the subprime lending crisis, general credit market crisis, collateral effects on
the finance and banking industries, concerns about inflation, slower economic
activity, decreased consumer confidence, reduced corporate profits and capital
spending, adverse business conditions and liquidity concerns. Our business is
not immune. Some of the procedures that use our products are elective and
therefore can be deferred by patients. In light of the current economic
conditions, patients who do not have insurance covering the total cost of
elective procedures may chose to defer or forego them. In addition, in the
U.S. and other countries where healthcare coverage is heavily dependent on
employment status, increasing numbers of patients may have no or reduced
healthcare coverage.
The
worldwide economic crisis also may have other adverse implications on our
business. For example, our customers and distributors ability to borrow money
from their existing lenders or to obtain credit from other sources to purchase
our products may be impaired. Although we maintain allowances for doubtful
accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of our customers to
make required payments and such losses have historically been within our
expectations and the provisions established, we cannot guarantee that we will
continue to experience the same loss rates that we have in the past, especially
given the current turmoil in the worldwide economy. A significant change in the
liquidity or financial condition of our customers could cause unfavorable trends
in our receivable collections and additional allowances may be required, which
could adversely affect our operating results. In addition, the worldwide
economic crisis may adversely impact our suppliers ability to provide us with
materials and components, which could adversely affect our business and
operating results. Like the stock prices of many other companies, our stock
price has decreased substantially recently and if investors have concerns that
our business, operating results and financial condition will be negatively
impacted by a worldwide economic downturn, our stock price could further
decrease.
Our future success is dependent on
the continued growth in embolic coiling procedures and our ability to convince a
concentrated customer base of neurointerventionalists to use our products as an
alternative to other available products.
Our
future success and revenue growth are significantly dependent upon an increase
in the use of embolic coiling as a procedure to treat cerebral aneurysms. If the
number of embolic coiling procedures does not increase or if a new procedure
that does not employ our products becomes a more acceptable alternative among
neurointerventionalists, our business would be seriously harmed.
The
number of interventional neuroradiologists and neurosurgeons trained to conduct
embolic coiling procedures is relatively small, both in the United States and
abroad. There are currently approximately 300 neurointerventionalists in the
United States who perform embolic coiling procedures. We believe that less than
one-third of these physicians perform a substantial majority of the total number
of embolic coiling procedures per year. For the year ended March31, 2009,
a substantial portion of our product sales in the United States were to
approximately 116 hospitals. The growth in the number of interventional
neuroradiologists and neurosurgeons in the United States is constrained by the
lengthy training programs required to educate these physicians. Accordingly, our
revenue growth will be primarily dependent on our ability to increase sales of
our products to our existing customers and to increase sales of products to
trained neurointerventionalists that currently use products offered by our
competitors. We believe that neurointerventionalists who do not currently use
our products will not widely adopt our products unless they determine, based on
experience, clinical data and published peer reviewed journal articles, that our
products provide benefits or an attractive alternative to the clipping of
aneurysms or the use of competitors products. We believe that
neurointerventionalists base their decision to use an alternative procedure or
product on the following criteria, among others:
extent
of clinical evidence supporting patient
benefits;
their
level of experience with the alternative
product;
perceived
liability risks generally associated with the use of new products and
procedures;
availability
of reimbursement within healthcare payment
systems;and
costs
associated with the purchase of new products and
equipment.
23
Table of Contents
In
addition, we believe that recommendations and support of our products by
influential physicians are essential for market acceptance and adoption. If we
do not receive continued support from such influential physicians,
neurointerventionalists and hospitals may not use our products. In such
circumstances, we may not achieve expected revenue levels and our business will
suffer.
Our
industry is experiencing increased scrutiny by governmental authorities, which
has led to increased compliance costs and potentially more rigorous
regulation
The
medical device industry is subject to rigorous regulation by the FDA and
numerous other federal, state and foreign governmental
authorities.These authorities have been increasing their scrutiny of
certain activities of medical device companies, including their conduct of
clinical trials, their handling of conflicts of interests and financial
arrangements with health care providers and consultants, and their product
promotional practices.We anticipate that government authorities will
continue to scrutinize our industry closely and we may be subject to more
rigorous regulation by governmental authorities in the future.This
increased government scrutiny has lead us to incur increased costs on
compliance, human resources costs and the diversion of management and employee
focus and we anticipate that such costs will continue to
increase.Though we have adopted a number of compliance procedures in
response to the increased scrutiny, we cannot assure that our activities will
not be subject to inquiry or greater action or oversight by governmental
authorities or that we will be able to comply with any new
regulations.Any failure by us to adopt appropriate compliance
procedures and ensure that our employees and agents comply with applicable laws
and regulations could result in substantial penalties and/or restrictions in our
business activities and the sales of our products.
The
fourth quarter of fiscal year 2009 marked our first profitable quarter, but
there is no assurance that we will continue to be profitable in the foreseeable
future.
We were
incorporated in the State of Delaware in 1996, and began commercial sales of our
microcoil products in 2000. We have incurred annual net losses since our
inception, including net losses of $111 million, $163 million, and $55
million in fiscal 2009, 2008, and 2007, respectively. At March31, 2009, we
had an accumulated deficit of $824million. There is no assurance that we
will continue to be profitable in the foreseeable future as we expect our
operating expenses to increase as we, among other things:
grow
our internal and third-party sales and marketing forces to expand the
sales of our products in the UnitedStates and
internationally;
increase
our research and development efforts to improve upon our existing products
and develop new products;
perform
clinical research and trials on our existing products and product
candidates;
expand
our regulatory resources in order to obtain governmental approvals for our
existing product enhancements and new
products;
acquire
and/or license new
technologies;and
expand
manufacturing.
As a
result of these activities, we may not be able to sustain or increase
profitability on an ongoing basis.
Our quarterly
operating and financial results and our gross margins are likely to fluctuate
significantly in future periods.
Our
quarterly operating and financial results are difficult to predict and may
fluctuate significantly from period to period. The level of our revenues, gross
margins and results of operations at any given time will be based primarily on
the following factors:
neurointerventionalist
and patient acceptance of our
products;
changes
in the number of embolic coiling procedures performed to treat cerebral
aneurysms;
the
seasonality of our product sales;
the
mix of our products sold;
24
Table of Contents
stocking
patterns for distributors;
the
development of new procedures to treat cerebral
aneurysms;
results
of clinical research and trials on our existing products and products in
development;
demand
for, and pricing of, our products;
levels
of third-party reimbursement for our
products;
timing
of new product offerings, acquisitions, licenses or other significant
events involving us or our
competitors;
increases
in the costs of manufacturing and selling our
products;
the
amount and timing of our operating
expenses;
litigation
expenses;
fluctuations
in foreign currency exchange rates;
regulatory
approvals and legislative changes affecting the products we may offer or
those of our competitors;
the
effect of competing technological and market
developments;
changes
in our ability to obtain and maintain FDA and other domestic and foreign
regulatory approval or clearance for our
products;
inventory
adjustments we may have to make in any
quarter;
interruption
in the manufacturing or distribution of our
products;
our
ability to maintain and expand our sales force and operational
personnel;
the
ability of our suppliers to timely provide us with an adequate supply of
materials and components;and
amount
and timing of capital expenditures and other costs relating to any
potential expansion of our
operations.
Many of
the products we may seek to develop and introduce in the future will require FDA
approval or clearance and will be required to meet similar regulatory
requirements in other countries where we seek to market our products, without
which we cannot begin to commercialize them. Forecasting the timing of sales of
our products is difficult due to the delay inherent in seeking FDA and other
clearance or approval, or the failure to obtain such clearance or approval. In
addition, we will be increasing our operating expenses as we build our
commercial capabilities. Accordingly, we may experience significant,
unanticipated quarterly losses. Because of these factors, our operating results
in one or more future quarters may fail to meet the expectations of securities
analysts or investors, which could cause our stock price to decline
significantly.
We may not be
able to develop new products or product enhancements that will be accepted by the
market.
Our
success will depend in part on our ability to develop and introduce new products
and enhancements to our existing products. We cannot assure that we will be able
to successfully develop or market new products or that any of our future
products will be accepted by the neurointerventionalists who use our products or
the payors who reimburse for many of the procedures performed with our products.
The success of any new product offering or enhancement to an existing product
will depend on several factors, including:
our
ability to properly identify and anticipate neurointerventionalist and
patient needs;
our
ability to develop new products or enhancements in a timely
manner;
25
Table of Contents
our
ability to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals for new products or
product enhancements;
our
ability to provide adequate training to potential users of our
products;
our
ability to receive adequate reimbursement for our
procedures;
results
of clinical research and trials on our existing products and products in
development;
demand
for, and pricing of, our products;
levels
of third-party reimbursement for our products;
and
our
ability to develop an effective marketing and distribution
network.
If we do
not develop new products or product enhancements in time to meet market demand
or if there is insufficient demand for our products or enhancements, we may not
achieve expected revenue levels and our business will suffer.
Our relationships
with physicians and other consultants
require us to comply with a number of United States and international
regulations.
We are
required to comply with a number of United States and international laws and
regulations related to our financial relationships with physicians and other
healthcare providers. In addition, we must comply with the Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act FCPA which prohibits United States companies or their agents
and employees from providing anything of value to a foreign official for the
purposes of influencing him or her to help obtain or retain business, direct
business to any person or corporate entity, or obtain any unfair
advantage. While we have taken numerous steps to ensure compliance
with these laws and regulations, they are subject to evolving interpretations,
making it difficult to ensure compliance. If we are found to be in
violation of any of these laws or regulations, we may face serious consequences,
including civil and criminal penalties for us and our officers and directors,
exclusion of our products from government-funded healthcare programs,
termination of customer contracts, and reputational harm.
In August
2004, while reviewing our sales and payment procedures, we identified certain
payments we made to physicians located in France, Germany, Spain and Turkey that
may have violated the applicable laws in those foreign jurisdictions and may
possibly have violated laws in Switzerland, where our Swiss subsidiary is
located. We are not able to determine at this time what penalties or other
sanctions, if any, authorities in France, Germany, Spain, or Turkey may impose
on us, as a result of such violations. Such amounts could be material to our
financial position, results of operations or cash flows. We have been notified
by the Swiss Federal Prosecutor that it does not intend to bring any action or
impose any penalties on us relating to our activities in Switzerland. The
payments were disclosed to the United States Department of Justice in 2004 and
resulted in our entry into a Deferred Prosecution Agreement, which is described
in our prior filings with the SEC and which expired in 2008.
We operate in a
highly competitive market segment, face competition from large, well-established
medical device manufacturers with significant resources, and may not
be able to
increase penetration in our markets or otherwise compete
effectively.
The
market for medical devices for treatment of cerebral vascular diseases is
intensely competitive, subject to rapid change and significantly affected by new
product introductions and other market activities of industry participants. We
compete primarily with the Target Therapeutics division of Boston Scientific,
the market leader, as well as Codman, ev3/Micro Therapeutics and
Terumo/MicroVention. At any time, other companies may develop alternative
treatments, products or procedures for the treatment of cerebral aneurysms that
compete directly or indirectly with our products. If alternative treatments
prove to be superior to our microcoil or other products, continued use or
adoption of our products could be negatively affected and our future revenues
could suffer.
In
addition, most of our current and potential competitors are either large
publicly traded or divisions or subsidiaries of large publicly traded companies
and enjoy several competitive advantages over us, including:
greater
financial and personnel resources;
significantly
greater name recognition;
26
Table of Contents
established
relationships with
neurointerventionalists;
established
distribution networks;
greater
experience in obtaining and maintaining FDA, and other regulatory
approvals for products and product enhancements, and greater experience in
developing compliance programs for compliance with numerous federal,
state, local and similar laws in non-United States
jurisdictions;
greater
resources for product research and
development;
greater
experience in, and resources for, launching, marketing, distributing and
selling products;and
broader
product lines.
Except
for our agreements with our distributors, we have no material long-term purchase
agreements with our customers, who may at any time switch to the use of our
competitors products.
For these
reasons, we may not be able to compete successfully against our current or
potential future competitors and sales of our products and our revenues may
decline.
Our sales
in international markets subject us to foreign currency exchange and
other risks and
costs that could harm our
business.
A
substantial portion of our revenues are derived from outside the United States.
For the fiscal years ended March31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, revenues from
customers outside the United States represented approximately 50%, 51% and 51 respectively, of our revenues. We anticipate that revenues from international
customers will continue to represent a substantial portion of our revenues as we
continue to expand in new international markets including China and Japan.
Because we generate revenues in foreign currencies, we are subject to the
effects of exchange rate fluctuations. For the fiscal year ended March31,
2009, approximately 31% of our revenues were denominated in currencies other
than the U.S.dollar. The functional currency of our Swiss subsidiary is
the Swiss franc. The functional currency of our UK subsidiary is the British
pound.
In
Europe, our revenues are denominated in Swiss francs, euros, British pounds and
U.S.dollars. Accordingly, we are exposed to market risk related to changes
between the Swiss franc and these other currencies in which we conduct business.
If the Swiss franc appreciates against the currencies in which our receivables
are denominated, we will recognize foreign currency losses. For the preparation
of our consolidated financial statements, the financial results of our Swiss and
UK subsidiaries are translated into U.S.dollars based on average exchange
rates during the applicable period. If the U.S.dollar appreciates against
the Swiss franc and British pound, the revenues we recognize from sales by our
European subsidiaries will be adversely impacted.
Historically,
we have also been exposed to risks from fluctuations in currency exchange rates
due to intercompany loans made to Micrus Endovascular SA Micrus SA, our
Swiss subsidiary, in 2001 in connection with its incorporation. These loans are
denominated in Swiss francs and will fluctuate in value against the
U.S.dollar, causing us to recognize foreign exchange gains and losses.
Foreign exchange gains or losses as a result of exchange rate fluctuations in
any given period could harm our operating results and negatively impact our
revenues. Additionally, if the effective price of our products were to increase
as a result of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, demand for our
products could decline and adversely affect our results of operations and
financial condition.
In fiscal
2009, we entered into foreign currency forward contracts to buy U.S. dollars to
minimize the impact of the currency movements on intercompany payables for our
Micrus SA subsidiary. We use derivative instruments only for risk management
purposes and do not use them for speculation or for trading.Our hedging
activities involve risk and may not limit our underlying exposure from currency
fluctuations or minimize our net sales and earnings volatility associated with
foreign currency exchange rate changes.
We are
subject to various additional risks as a consequence of doing business
internationally which could harm our business, including the
following:
unexpected
delays or changes in regulatory
requirements;
27
Table of Contents
local
economic and political instability or other potentially adverse
conditions;
lack
of experience in certain geographical
markets;
increased
difficulty in collecting accounts receivables in certain foreign
countries;
delays
and expenses associated with tariffs and other trade
barriers;
difficulties
and costs associated with attracting and maintaining third party
distributors;
compliance
with foreign laws and
regulations;and
adverse
tax consequences or overlapping tax
structures.
If we fail to
increase our direct sales force in a timely manner, our business could
suffer.
We have a
limited domestic and international direct sales force. We also have a
distribution network for sales in the major markets in Europe, Latin America,
Asia and the Middle East. As we launch new products and increase our marketing
efforts with respect to existing products, we will need to expand the number of
our direct sales personnel on a worldwide basis. The establishment and
development of a more extensive sales force will be expensive and time
consuming. There is significant competition for sales personnel experienced in
interventional medical device sales. If we are unable to attract, motivate and
retain qualified sales personnel and thereby increase our sales force, we may
not be able to increase our revenues.
If
we fail to properly manage our anticipated growth, our business could
suffer.
We have
experienced, and may continue to experience, periods of rapid growth and
expansion, which have placed, and will likely continue to place, a significant
strain on our limited personnel and other resources. In particular, the
expansion of our fabrication facility and the continuing expansion of our direct
sales force will require significant management, technical and administrative
resources. Any failure by us to manage our growth effectively could have an
adverse effect on our ability to achieve our development and commercialization
goals.
To
achieve our revenue goals, we must successfully increase production in our
fabrication facility as required by customer demand. We may in the future
experience difficulties in increasing production, including problems with
production yields and quality control and assurance and in satisfying and
maintaining compliance with regulatory requirements. These problems could result
in delays in product availability and increases in expenses. Any such delay or
increased expense could adversely affect our ability to generate
revenues.
Future
growth will also impose significant added responsibilities on management,
including the need to identify, recruit, train and integrate additional
employees. In addition, rapid and significant growth will place a strain on our
administrative and operational infrastructure. In order to manage our operations
and growth we will need to continue to improve our operational, financial and
management controls, reporting systems and procedures. If we are unable to
manage our growth effectively, it may be difficult for us to execute our
business strategy and our operating results and business could
suffer.
We are required
to evaluate our internal control over financial reporting under Section404
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and are exposed to future risks of
non
compliance.
Pursuant
to Section404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Section404, we
are required to furnish a report by our management on our internal control over
financial reporting. The report contains, among other matters, an assessment of
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end
of our fiscal year, including a statement as to whether or not our internal
control over financial reporting is effective. This assessment must include
disclosure of any material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
reporting identified by management. The report must also contain a statement
that our independent registered public accounting firm has issued an attestation
report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting.
28
Table of Contents
We
completed our assessment of our internal control over financial reporting as
required by Section404 for the fiscal year ended March31, 2009. Our
assessment, testing and evaluation resulted in our conclusion that as of
March31, 2009, our internal control over financial reporting was
effective. Our independent registered accounting firm has also expressed the
opinion that our internal controls over financial reporting were
effective during that period. However, our controls may not prove to be adequate
for the future periods, and we cannot predict the outcome of our testing in
future periods. If our internal controls are deemed to be ineffective in future
periods, our financial results or the market price of our stock could be
adversely affected. In any event, we will incur additional expenses and
commitment of managements time in connection with further evaluations, which
may adversely affect our future operating results and financial
condition.
Our future
capital needs are uncertain and we may need to raise additional funds in
the future,
and such funds may not be available on acceptable terms or at
all.
We
believe that our current cash position, together with the cash to be generated
from expected product sales and the funds available under our credit facility
subject to compliance with conditions and covenants of the credit agreement
will be sufficient to meet our projected operating requirements for at least the
next 12months. However, after such period we may be required to seek
additional funds from public and private stock or debt offerings, borrowings
under lease lines or other sources. Our capital requirements will depend on many
factors, including:
the
revenues generated by sales of our
products;
the
costs associated with expanding our sales and marketing
efforts;
the
expenses we incur in manufacturing and selling our
products;
the
costs of developing and acquiring new products or
technologies;
the
cost of obtaining and maintaining FDA and other domestic and foreign
approval or clearance of our products and products in
development;
the
expenses we incur related to compliance with the United States FCPA and
laws and regulations in non-United States
jurisdictions;
costs
associated with compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and rules
and regulations affecting public companies promulgated by the SEC and The
NASDAQ Stock Market;
the
costs associated with our facilities expansion, if
any;and
the
costs associated with increased capital
expenditures.
As a
result of these factors, we may need to raise additional funds, and such funds
may not be available on favorable terms, or at all. Furthermore, if we issue
equity or debt securities to raise additional funds, our existing stockholders
may experience dilution, and the new equity or debt securities may have rights,
preferences and privileges senior to those of our existing stockholders. In
addition, if we raise additional funds through collaboration, licensing or other
similar arrangements, it may be necessary to relinquish valuable rights to our
potential products or proprietary technologies, or grant licenses on terms that
are not favorable to us. If we cannot raise funds on acceptable terms, we may
not be able to develop or enhance our products, execute our business plan, take
advantage of future opportunities, or respond to competitive pressures or
unanticipated customer requirements. In these events, our ability to achieve our
development and commercialization goals would be adversely
affected.
We
face a risk of non-compliance with certain financial covenants in our credit
agreement with Wells Fargo Bank. If we are unable to meet the financial or other
covenants under the credit agreement or negotiate future waivers or amendments
of the covenants, an event of default would occur under the credit agreement,
which would give Wells Fargo Bank a range of remedies, including without
limitation declaring all outstanding debt to be immediately due and payable,
foreclosing on the assets securing the obligation arising under the credit
agreement and/or ceasing to provide the additional revolving loans, which could
have a material adverse effect on us.
On
November 5, 2008, we entered into a credit agreement with Wells Fargo Bank to
provide us with a revolving line of credit the Credit Agreement. The Credit
Agreement provides for maximum borrowings outstanding at any time in an amount
of up to $150 million. As of March 31, 2009, we had outstanding borrowings of
$25 million under the Credit Agreement. If borrowings under the Credit
Agreement exceed $75 million, all borrowings are subject to a borrowing base
which is based on eligible accounts receivable.
29
Table of Contents
Borrowings
are secured by a first priority security interest in all of our assets except
for certain permitted liens that are senior to the Wells Fargo Banks security
interest. At our option, borrowings bear interest at either 225% over the
banks prime rate or 350% over the one-month, two-month or three-month LIBOR.
The Credit Agreement requires that we comply with certain financial and other
covenants for borrowings to be permitted. The more significant financial
covenants include i maintaining a minimum modified quick ratio and ii
achieving not more than a certain amount of loss through March 31, 2009, and
thereafter a minimum profitability, in each case excluding certain non-cash
items. On May 20, 2009, we amended the Credit Agreement with Wells Fargo Bank
extending the maturity date to August 1, 2010 and adjusting the minimum limits
for the financial covenants based on our financial forecast for fiscal
2010.
Although
we were in compliance with all covenants at March 31, 2009, it is possible that
we may not be in compliance or failure to comply with certain covenants or other
agreements in the future. If we are unable to meet the financial or other
covenants under the Credit Agreement or negotiate future waivers or amendments
of such covenants, an event of default could occur under the Credit Agreement.
Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an event of default under the
Credit Agreement, Wells Fargo Bank has available a range of remedies customary
in these circumstances, including without limitation declaring all outstanding
debt, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon, to be immediately due
and payable, foreclosing on the assets securing the obligations arising under
the Credit Agreement and/or ceasing to provide additional revolving loans, which
could have a material adverse effect on us.
If we choose to
acquire new and complementary businesses, products or technologies instead of
developing them ourselves, we may be unable to complete these
acquisitions or to
successfully integrate them in a cost effective and non-disruptive
manner.
Our
success depends on our ability to continually enhance and broaden our product
offerings in response to changing customer demands, competitive pressures and
technologies. We may in the future pursue the acquisition of additional
complementary businesses, products or technologies instead of developing them
ourselves. We do not know if we will be able to successfully complete any such
acquisitions, or whether we will be able to successfully integrate any acquired
business, product or technology or retain any key employees. Integrating any
business, product or technology we acquire could be expensive and time
consuming, disrupt our ongoing business and distract our management. If we are
unable to integrate any acquired businesses, products or technologies
effectively, our business will suffer. In addition, any amortization or charges
resulting from the costs of acquisitions could harm our business and operating
results.
Our
operations are subject to environmental, health and safety, and other laws and
regulations, with which compliance is costly and which expose us to penalties
for non-compliance.
Our
business, properties and products are subject to foreign, federal, state and
local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment,
natural resources and worker health and safety and the use, management, storage,
and disposal of hazardous substances, wastes, and other regulated materials.
Because we operate real property, various environmental laws also may impose
liability on us for the costs of cleaning up and responding to hazardous
substances that may have been released on our property, including releases
unknown to us. These environmental laws and regulations also could require us to
pay for environmental remediation and response costs at third-party locations
where we disposed of or recycled hazardous substances. The costs of complying
with these various environmental requirements, as they now exist or may be
altered in the future, could adversely affect our financial condition and
operating results.
We are dependent
on single source suppliers for components and materials used in our devices, and the
loss of any of these suppliers, or their inability to supply us with
an adequate
supply of materials, could harm our business.
We rely
on third-party suppliers for components and materials used in our products and
rely on single sources for many of the microcoil and delivery system components,
including tubing, connectors and sterilization services. Our dependence on
third-party suppliers involves several risks, including limited control over
pricing, availability, quality, delivery schedules and supplier compliance with
regulatory requirements. Any delays in delivery of such components or provision
of such services or shortages of such components could cause delays in the
shipment of our products, which could significantly harm our business. We
generally acquire our single source components pursuant to purchase orders
placed in the ordinary course of business, and we have no guaranteed supply
arrangements with any of our single source suppliers. Because of our reliance on
these vendors, we may also be subject to increases in component costs. These
increases could significantly harm our business. For us to be successful, our
third-party suppliers must also be able to provide us with the materials and
components of our products in substantial quantities, in compliance with
regulatory requirements, in accordance with agreed upon specifications, at
acceptable cost and on a timely basis. Our anticipated growth may strain the
ability of suppliers to deliver an increasingly large supply of materials and
components.
30
Table of Contents
If we are
unable to obtain sufficient quantities of high quality components and materials
to meet customer demand on a timely basis, we could lose customers, our
reputation may be harmed and our business could suffer. If any one or more of
our third-party suppliers cease to provide us with sufficient quantities of our
materials or components in a timely manner or on terms acceptable to us, we
would have to seek alternative sources of supply. We could incur delays while we
locate and engage alternative qualified suppliers and we might be unable to
engage alternative suppliers on favorable terms. Any such disruption or
increased expenses could harm our commercialization efforts and adversely affect
our ability to generate revenues.
We rely
on independent contract manufacturers for the manufacture and assembly of
certain of our products and components. Reliance on independent contract
manufacturers involves several risks, including the potential inadequacy of
capacity, the unavailability of or interruptions in access to certain process
technologies and reduced control over product quality, compliance with
regulatory requirements, delivery schedules, manufacturing yields and costs.
Such manufacturers have possession of and at times title to molds for certain
manufactured components of our products. Shortages of raw materials, production
capacity constraints or delays by our contract manufacturers could negatively
affect our ability to meet our production obligations and result in increased
prices for affected parts. Any such reduction, constraint or delay may result in
delays in shipments of our products or increases in the prices of components,
either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating
results and financial condition. We have no supply agreements with our current
contract manufacturers and utilize purchase orders which are subject to supplier
acceptance. The unanticipated loss of any of our contract manufacturers could
cause delays in our ability to deliver product while we identify and qualify a
replacement manufacturer. If our current or future independent contract
manufacturers are unable to meet our requirements for manufactured components,
our business could suffer.
Our operations
are currently conducted at several locations that may be at risk from
earthquakes
or other natural disasters.
We
currently conduct our manufacturing, development and management activities at
two locations in Silicon Valley, California, near known earthquake fault zones,
and in Miramar, Florida, where there is a risk of hurricanes. We have taken
precautions to safeguard our facilities, including insurance, health and safety
protocols, and off-site storage of computer data. However, any future natural
disaster, such as an earthquake or hurricane, could cause substantial delays in
our operations, damage or destroy our equipment or inventory, and cause us to
incur additional expenses. A disaster could seriously harm our business and
results of operations.
If we are unable
to effectively manage our inventory held on consignment by our intended
customers, we will not achieve our expected results.
A
significant portion of our inventory is held on consignment by hospitals that
purchase the inventory as they use it. In these consignment locations, we do not
have physical possession of the consigned inventory. We therefore have to rely
on information from our customers as well as periodic inspections by our sales
personnel to determine when our products have been used. We have in the past
experienced problems managing appropriate consigned inventory levels and as a
result we recorded an impairment of inventory for anticipated obsolescence in
fiscal 2004 and an impairment of excess inventory in both fiscal 2004 and 2005.
If we are not able to effectively manage appropriate consigned inventory levels,
we may suffer inventory losses that will reduce our gross profit levels. There
can be no assurance that any efforts to strengthen our monitoring and management
of consigned inventory will be adequate to meaningfully reduce the risk of
inventory loss.
We are dependent
on our senior management team, key clinical advisors and scientific personnel, and
the loss of any of them could harm our business.
Our
continued success depends in part upon the continued availability and
contributions of our senior management team and the continued participation of
our key clinical advisors. We have entered into agreements with certain members
of our senior management team, but none of these agreements guarantee the
services of the individual for a specified period of time. We also rely on the
skills and talents of our scientific personnel because of the complexity of our
products. The loss of members of our senior management, key clinical advisors or
scientific personnel, or our inability to attract or retain other qualified
personnel or advisors could have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations and financial condition.
31
Table of Contents
The medical
device industry is characterized by patent litigation, which could be
costly,
result in the diversion of managements time and efforts and require us
to pay
damages.
The
medical device industry is characterized by extensive litigation and
administrative proceedings over patent and other intellectual property rights.
Accordingly, we may in the future be subject to further litigation and
administrative proceedings over such rights with other companies in our
industry. Our competitors may assert that at least one of our products, its
components, or the methods we employ in the use or manufacture of our products
are covered by and infringe the competitors United States or foreign patents
held by them. In addition, should our patents or applications have claims that
encompass the same scope as claims pending or issued to a third party
competitor, that third party may claim that its claims have priority over ours
because they invented the claimed subject matter first. Because patent
applications generally take many years to issue, there may be third party
applications presently pending of which we are unaware, that may in the future
result in issued patents that at least one of our products, its components, or
the methods we employ in the use or manufacture of our products may infringe.
There could also be issued patents that one or more components of our products
may inadvertently be infringing, of which we are unaware. As the number of
participants in the market for cerebral vascular treatments and the number of
issued patents in this technology area grows, the possibility of being charged
with patent infringement increases.
Any
infringement claims against us may cause us to incur substantial costs, could
place a significant strain on our financial resources, divert the attention of
management from our core business and harm our reputation. If the relevant
patent claims are upheld as valid and enforceable and we are found to infringe,
we could be required to pay substantial damages and/or royalties and could be
prevented from selling our products unless we could obtain a license or were
able to redesign our products to avoid infringement. Any such license may not be
available on reasonable terms, if at all. If we fail to obtain any required
licenses or make any necessary changes to our products or technologies, we may
be unable to commercialize one or more of our products or practice the methods
we employ in the use or manufacture of our products.
Our ability to
protect our intellectual property and proprietary technology through
patents and
other means is uncertain.
Our
success depends significantly on our ability to procure proprietary rights to
the technologies used in our products. We rely on patent protection, as well as
a combination of copyright, trade secret and trademark laws, and nondisclosure,
confidentiality and other contractual restrictions to protect our proprietary
technology. However, these legal means afford only limited protection and may
not be sufficient to adequately protect our intellectual property or permit us
to gain or keep any competitive advantage. For example, any of our pending
United States or foreign patent applications may ultimately not issue as a
patent or, alternatively, may issue with claims that are of little or no value
to us. In addition, once issued, a valuable patent may be challenged
successfully by third parties and invalidated. In addition, our patent
protection for material aspects of our products and methods is presently being
pursued with applications that have been filed but not issued, such that these
material aspects are not presently protected by patents. Competitors may further
be able to get around having to license our technology in order to avoid
infringement by designing around our issued and published patent claims, thereby
staying clear of our proprietary rights. Similarly, competitors may develop
products and methods that are equivalent or superior to ours. Our
confidentiality agreements and intellectual property assignment agreements with
our employees, consultants and advisors may not be enforceable or may not
provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets or other proprietary
information in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure or other breaches of
the agreements. Furthermore, the laws of some foreign countries may not protect
our intellectual property rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United
States. Both the process of procuring patent rights and the process of managing
patent disputes can be time consuming and expensive.
In the
event a competitor infringes upon our patent or other intellectual property
rights, enforcing those rights may be difficult and time consuming. Even if
successful, litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights or to defend
our patents against challenge could be prolonged, costly and could divert our
managements attention. We may not have sufficient resources to enforce our
intellectual property rights or to defend our patents against a
challenge.
32
Table of Contents
If we fail to
obtain, or experience significant delays in obtaining, FDA clearances
or
approvals for our future products or product enhancements, or to comply
with similar
regulatory requirements in other countries where we market our products,
our ability to
commercially distribute and market our products could
suffer.
Our
medical devices are subject to rigorous regulation by the FDA and numerous other
federal, state and foreign governmental authorities. Our failure to comply with
such regulations could lead to the imposition of injunctions, suspensions or
loss of regulatory clearances or approvals, product recalls, termination of
distribution or product seizures or the need to invest substantial resources to
comply with various existing or new requirements. In the more egregious cases,
criminal sanctions, civil penalties, disgorgement of profits or closure of our
manufacturing facilities are possible. The process of obtaining regulatory
clearances or approvals to market a medical device, particularly from the FDA,
can be costly and time consuming, and there can be no assurance that such
clearances or approvals will be granted on a timely basis, if at all. In
particular, the FDA permits commercial distribution of most new medical devices
only after the device has received 510k clearance or is the subject of an
approved pre-market approval application, or PMA. The FDA will clear the
marketing of a medical device through the 510k process if it is demonstrated
that the new product has the same intended use, is substantially equivalent to
another legally marketed device, including a 510k-cleared product, and
otherwise meets the FDAs requirements. The PMA approval process is more costly,
lengthy and uncertain than the 510k clearance process and requires the
development and submission of clinical studies supporting the safety and
effectiveness of the device. Product modifications may also require the
submission of a new 510k clearance, or the approval of a PMA before the
modified product can be marketed. Changes in labeling and manufacturing site for
a PMA approved device may require the submission and approval of a PMA
supplement. Any products we develop that require regulatory clearance or
approval may be delayed, if approved at all. In addition, we believe that some
of our new products will require an approved PMA before we can commercially
distribute the device and we cannot assure that any new products or any product
enhancements we develop will be subject to the shorter 510k clearance process
instead of the more lengthy PMA requirements. Additionally, certain of our
products under development may involve both device and drug or biologic
regulation and we will need to comply with drug and biologic regulations in
addition to medical device requirements. Accordingly, we anticipate that the
regulatory review and approval process for some of our future products or
product enhancements may take significantly longer than anticipated or that we
have experienced in the past. We will also be required to pay a medical device
user fee and may also be required to pay a drug or biologic user fee. There is
no assurance that the FDA will not require that a certain new product or product
enhancement go through the lengthy and expensive PMA approval process. We have
no experience in obtaining PMA approval. We also have no experience in obtaining
drug or biologic approval, and will need to rely on third party assistance in
navigating the regulatory approval pathway for future combination
products.
Further,
pursuant to FDA regulations, we can only market our products for cleared or
approved uses. Certain of our products may be used by physicians for indications
other than those cleared or approved by the FDA, but we cannot promote the
products for such off-label uses.
Modifications to
our marketed products may require new 510k clearances or pre-market
approvals, or may require us to cease marketing or recall the modified
products
until clearances are obtained.
Any
modification to a 510k-cleared device that could significantly affect its
safety or effectiveness, or that would constitute a change in its intended use,
requires a new 510k clearance or, possibly, PMA approval. The FDA requires
every manufacturer to make this determination in the first instance, but the FDA
may review a manufacturers decision. The FDA may not agree with any of our past
or future decisions regarding whether new clearances or approvals are necessary.
If the FDA requires us to seek 510k clearance or PMA approval for any
modification to a previously cleared product, we may be required to cease
marketing and/or to recall the modified product until we obtain clearance or
approval, and we may be subject to significant regulatory fines or penalties.
Further, our products could be subject to recall if the FDA determines, for any
reason, that our products are not safe, including but not limited to new safety
data from use of the product, or manufacturing defects. Any recall or FDA
requirement that we seek additional approvals or clearances could result in
delays, fines, costs associated with modification of a product, loss of revenue
and potential operating restrictions imposed by the FDA.
33
Table of Contents
If we or our
suppliers fail to comply with the FDAs quality system regulations, the
manufacture
of our products could be delayed.
We and
our suppliers are required to comply with the FDAs quality system regulations,
which cover the methods and documentation of the design, testing, production,
control, quality assurance, labeling, packaging, storage and shipping of our
products. The FDA enforces these quality system regulations through unannounced
inspections. If we or one of our suppliers fail a quality system regulations
inspection or if any corrective action plan is not sufficient, or is very
expensive or time consuming to implement, the manufacture of our products could
be delayed until satisfactory corrections are made, or in the event we are
unable to correct the problems we may not be able to continue manufacturing and
distributing the particular device or devices. Such a delay potentially could
disrupt our business, harm our reputation and adversely affect our sales and
revenues.
If hospitals are
unable to obtain sufficient reimbursement for procedures
performed with our products, it is unlikely that our products will be
widely
used.
Successful
sales of our products will depend on the availability of adequate reimbursement
from third-party payors. Healthcare institutions that purchase medical devices
for treatment of their patients generally rely on third-party payors to cover
the use of the product for the particular procedure and reimburse all or part of
the costs and fees associated with the procedures performed with these devices.
Currently, the costs of our products distributed domestically are being
reimbursed by third party payors. There is no guarantee that coverage and
adequate reimbursement will be available in the future for our existing and/or
new products. Both public and private insurance reimbursement plans are central
to new product acceptance. Hospitals are unlikely to use our products if they do
not receive reimbursement adequate to cover the cost of our products and related
procedures.
In
international markets, market acceptance may depend, in part, upon the
availability of reimbursement within prevailing healthcare payment systems.
Reimbursement and healthcare payment systems in international markets vary
significantly by country, and include both government sponsored healthcare and
private insurance. Currently, the costs of our products distributed
internationally, other than in some Latin American countries, are being
reimbursed by public and private healthcare insurers. We may not obtain
international reimbursement approvals in a timely manner, if at all, our failure
to receive international reimbursement approvals would negatively impact market
acceptance of our products in the international markets in which those approvals
are sought.
In
addition, in certain countries, such as France, Germany, China and Japan, we are
required to obtain regulatory clearance for our products to be eligible for
reimbursements by third party payors, even though reimbursement for embolic
coiling procedures is already in place.
Future
reimbursement may be subject to increased restrictions both in the United States
and in international markets. Third-party reimbursement and coverage may not be
available or adequate in either the United States or international markets.
Future legislation, regulation or reimbursement policies of third-party payors
may adversely affect the demand for our existing products or our products
currently under development and limit our ability to sell our products on a
profitable basis.
Changes to
existing accounting pronouncements or taxation rules or practices may
affect how
we conduct our business and affect our reported results of
operations.
New
accounting pronouncements or tax rules and varying interpretations of accounting
pronouncements or taxation practice have occurred and may occur in the future. A
change in accounting pronouncements or interpretations or taxation rules or
practices can have a significant effect on our reported results and may even
affect our reporting of transactions completed before the change is effective.
Changes to existing rules and pronouncements, future changes, if any, or the
questioning of current practices or interpretations may adversely affect our
reported financial results or the way we conduct our business.
34
Table of Contents
We may become
subject to product liability claims which could require us to pay damages that
exceed our insurance coverage.
Our
business exposes us to potential product liability claims that are inherent in
the testing, manufacture and sale of medical devices for neurointerventional
procedures. These procedures involve significant risk of serious complications,
including intracranial bleeding, brain injury, paralysis and even death. Any
product liability claim brought against us, with or without merit, could result
in the increase of our product liability insurance rates or the inability to
secure coverage in the future. In addition, we could have to pay an amount in
excess of policy limits, which would have to be paid out of cash reserves. If
longer-term patient results and experience indicate that our products or any
component cause tissue damage, motor impairment or other adverse effects, we
could be subject to significant liability. Finally, even a meritless or
unsuccessful product liability claim could harm our reputation in the industry,
lead to significant legal fees and could result in the diversion of managements
attention from managing our business.
We may be subject
to damages resulting from claims that we or our employees have wrongfully used
or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their former
employers.
Many of
our employees were previously employed at other medical device companies,
including our competitors or potential competitors. Although no claims against
us are currently pending, we may be subject to claims that these employees have
wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their former employers or
we have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed trade secrets or other
proprietary information of their former employers. Litigation may be necessary
to defend against these claims. Even if we are successful in defending against
these claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction
to management. If we fail in defending such claims, in addition to paying
monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or
personnel. A loss of key research personnel or their work product could hamper
or prevent our ability to commercialize product candidates, which could severely
harm our business.
The price of our
common stock has fluctuated and we expect will continue to fluctuate
substantially and
you may not be able to sell your shares at or above your purchase price.
The
market price of our common stock has been and we expect will continue to be
highly volatile and may fluctuate substantially due to many factors,
including:
volume
and timing of orders for our
products;
the
introduction of new products or product enhancements by us or our
competitors;
disputes
or other developments with respect to intellectual property
rights;
our
ability to develop, obtain regulatory clearance for, and market, new and
enhanced products on a timely
basis;
product
liability claims or other
litigation;
quarterly
variations in our or our competitors results of
operations;
sales
of large blocks of our common stock, including sales by our executive
officers and directors;
changes
in governmental regulations or in the status of our regulatory approvals
or applications;
changes
in the availability of third-party reimbursement in the United States or
other countries;
changes
in revenues or earnings estimates or recommendations by securities
analysts;and
general
market conditions and other factors, including factors unrelated to our
operating performance or the operating performance of our
competitors.
Furthermore,
to the extent there is an inactive market for our common stock, the value of
your shares and your ability to sell your shares at the time you wish to sell
them may be impaired. An inactive market may also impair our ability to raise
capital by selling shares and may impair our ability to acquire other companies,
products or technologies by using our shares as consideration.
35
Table of Contents
Because of their
significant stock ownership, our executive officers, directors and principal
stockholders may be able to exert control over us and our significant
corporate
decisions.
Based on
shares outstanding at March31, 2009, our executive officers, directors,
and stockholders holding more than 5% of our outstanding common stock and their
affiliates, in the aggregate, beneficially owned approximately 44% of our
outstanding common stock. As a result, these persons, acting together, may have
the ability to determine the outcome of matters submitted to our stockholders
for approval, including the election and removal of directors and any merger,
consolidation, or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. This
concentration of ownership may harm the market price of our common stock by,
among other things:
delaying,
deferring or preventing a change in control of our
company;
impeding
a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination involving
our company;or
causing
us to enter into transactions or agreements that are not in the best
interests of all stockholders.
Future
sales of our common stock may depress our stock price.
Our
current stockholders hold a substantial number of shares of our common stock
that they are able to sell in the public market. A significant portion of these
shares are held by a small number of stockholders. Sales by our current
stockholders of a substantial number of shares could significantly reduce the
market price of our common stock. Moreover certain holders of our common stock
have the right to require us to file registration statements covering their
shares or to include their shares in registration statements that we may file
for ourselves or other stockholders.
We have
registered 6,749,963shares of common stock that we may issue under our
1998 Stock Plan 1998 Plan, 2005 Equity Incentive Plan 2005 Plan and 2005
Employee Stock Purchase Plan Purchase Plan. These shares can be freely sold
in the public market upon issuance. The sale by any of these holders of a large
number of securities in the public market could reduce the trading price of our
common stock and impede our ability to raise future capital.
We
do not intend to pay cash dividends.
We have
never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend
to retain all available funds and any future earnings for us in the operation
and expansion of our business and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in
the foreseeable future. In addition, the terms of any future debtor credit
facility may preclude us from paying any dividends. As a result, capital
appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be your sole source of potential
gain for the foreseeable future.
We may become
involved in securities class action litigation that could divert managements
attention and harm our business.
The stock
market in general, The NASDAQ Stock Market and the market for medical device
companies in particular, continues to experience extreme price and volume
fluctuations that are unrelated or disproportionate to companies operating
performance. Further, the market prices of securities of medical device
companies have been particularly volatile. These broad market and industry
factors may materially harm the market price of our common stock, regardless of
our operating performance. In the past, following periods of volatility in the
market price of a particular companys securities, securities class action
litigation has often been brought against that company. We may become involved
in this type of litigation in the future. Litigation often is expensive and
diverts managements attention and resources, which could materially harm our
financial condition and results of operations.
Anti-takeover
provisions in our organizational documents and Delaware law may
discourage
or prevent a change of control, even an acquisition which would be
beneficial
to our stockholders, and thereby affect our stock price adversely
and prevent
attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current
management.
Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended bylaws contain
provisions that could delay or prevent a change of control of our company or
changes in our board of directors that our stockholders might consider
favorable. Some of these provisions:
authorize
the issuance of preferred stock which can be created and issued by the
board of directors without prior stockholder approval, with rights senior
to those of the common stock;
36
Table of Contents
provide
for a classified board of directors, with each director serving a
staggered three-year term;
prohibit
our stockholders from filling board vacancies, calling special stockholder
meetings, or taking action by written
consent;
prohibit
our stockholders from making certain changes to our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation or bylaws except with 66 2/3% stockholder
approval;and
require
advance written notice of stockholder proposals and director
nominations.
In
addition, we are subject to the provisions of Section203 of the Delaware
General Corporation Law, which may prohibit certain business combinations with
stockholders owning 15% or more of our outstanding voting stock. These and other
provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, restated
bylaws and Delaware law could make it more difficult for stockholders or
potential acquirers to obtain control of our board of directors or initiate
actions that are opposed by our then-current board of directors, including
delaying or impeding a merger, tender offer, or proxy contest involving our
company. Any delay or prevention of a change of control transaction or changes
in our board of directors could cause the market price of our common stock to
decline.
Item 1.
Business
3
Item 1A.
Risk
Factors
22
Item 1B.
Unresolved Staff
Comments
37
Item 2.
Properties
37
Item 3.
Legal
Proceedings
37
Item 4.
Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security
Holders
38
PARTII
Item 5.Properties.
Our
worldwide headquarters are located in SanJose, California. On June6,
2005, we entered into a non-cancelable seven-year lease pursuant to which we
lease approximately 42,000square feet of building space, which we
currently use for administrative, sales, marketing, research and
development,manufacturing and distribution facilities.
On
March11, 2008, we entered into a non-cancelable ten-year lease in Miramar,
Florida. The facility comprises a total of approximately 27,000square
feet, which we currently use for administrative, manufacturing, research and
development and distribution facilities.
On
December4, 2007, our wholly owned subsidiary, Micrus SA, entered into a
non-cancelable eight-year lease for office space in Switzerland. The office
space comprises a total of approximately 5,500square feet and provides
space for sales, marketing and administrative functions.
Additionally,
we lease office space for our wholly-owned subsidiary, Micrus Endovascular UK
Limited Micrus UK, under a non-cancelable lease agreement with a term
through December 2010. We use this space for our sales, marketing and
administrative functions.
We
otherwise believe that our existing facilities are adequate to meet our current
and near term future needs.
Item3.Legal
Proceedings.
Patent
Litigation
On
September 22, 2008, we entered into a Settlement and License Agreement the
Settlement and License Agreement withBoston Scientific Corporation and
Target Therapeutics, Inc., a subsidiary of Boston Scientific Corporation
collectively Boston Scientific and a Settlement and Release Agreement the
Settlement and Release Agreement with The Regents of the University of
California the Regents in order to resolve pending patent litigation between
Boston Scientific and us the Patent Litigation. On October 8, 2008, the
Court entered an order dismissing the Patent Litigation with prejudice. The
Patent Litigation is described in detail in our prior filings with the
SEC.
37
Table of Contents
Under the
Settlement and License Agreement, we agreed to cross license certain patents
asserted in the Patent Litigation and release all claims as defined in the
Settlement and License Agreementarising prior to the effective date as
defined in the Settlement and License Agreementto which the rights,
licenses, releases, and covenants expressly granted under theSettlement
and License Agreement would be a complete defense had such claims arisen on or
after the effective date.The Settlement and License
Agreementincludes a mutual release of claims andcovenants not to sue
with respect tocertain specified patents.Boston Scientific
also covenants not to sue end users of our products for claims of infringement
of specified patents.
In
connection with the Settlement and License Agreement, we entered into the
Settlement and Release Agreement with the Regents.The Settlement and
Release Agreement provided for the cash payment of approximately $17 million to
the Regents in exchange for a mutual release of claims and a mutual covenant not
to sue with respect to certain specified patents.The Regents also
agreed not to sue end users of our products for claims under the patents owned
by the Regents and exclusively licensed to Boston Scientific and asserted by
Boston Scientific in the Patent Litigation against us. We made the cash payment
to the Regents on September 24, 2008.
The
foregoing discussion of material terms does not constitute a complete summary of
the terms of the Settlement and License Agreement and Settlement and Release
Agreement, and reference is made to the Settlement and License Agreement and
Settlement and Release Agreement which are filed as exhibits to Form 10-Q for
the quarter ended September 30, 2008.
Item 1.
Business
3
Item 1A.
Risk
Factors
22
Item 1B.
Unresolved Staff
Comments
37
Item 2.
Properties
37
Item 3.
Legal
Proceedings
37
Item 4.
Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security
Holders
38
PARTII
Item 5.Market
for Registrants Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.
Our
common stock is traded on The NASDAQ Stock Market under the symbol MEND. The
following table sets forth the high and low daily bid prices per share of our
common stock, as reported by The NASDAQ Stock Market.
Fiscal
Year Ended March 31, 2009
High
Low
First
Quarter
$
1499
$
992
Second
Quarter
$
1600
$
1097
Third
Quarter
$
1412
$
870
Fourth
Quarter
$
1195
$
413
Fiscal
Year Ended March 31, 2008
High
Low
First
Quarter
$
2545
$
2006
Second
Quarter
$
2600
$
1588
Third
Quarter
$
2145
$
1687
Fourth
Quarter
$
2055
$
1070
The last
reported sale price of our common stock on The NASDAQ Stock Market on
May29, 2009 was $901 per share. As of May29, 2009, there were
approximately 56 holders of record of our common stock.
Dividend
Policy
We have
never declared a divided or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. Because
we currently intend to retain any future earnings to fund the development and
growth of our business, we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the
near future.
Unregistered
Securities Sold in Fiscal 2009
None
Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities
We do not
have a stock repurchase program and did not repurchase any of our equity
securities during the year ended March31, 2009.
Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans
Plan
Category
Number
of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants
and Rights
Weighted
Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and
Rights
Number
of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity
Compensation Plans Excluding Securities Reflected in Colum
a
Equity
compensation plans approved by security holders
4,021,718
1
$
1268
1,845,686
2
Equity
compensation plans not approved by security holders
-
-
-
Total
4,021,718
1
$
1268
1,845,686
2
39
Table of Contents
1
Includes
1,045,893shares subject to options outstanding under our 1998 Plan
and 2,975,825shares subject to options and restricted stock units
outstanding under our 2005 Plan.
2
Includes
1,286,846shares of common stock reserved for future issuance under
our 2005 Plan and 558,840shares of common stock reserved for future
issuance under our Purchase Plan. As of April1, 2009, the number of
shares available for issuance under the foregoing plans automatically
increased to 1,953,512shares available for issuance under the 2005
Plan and 781,062shares available for issuance under the Purchase
Plan.
40
Table of Contents
Stock
Performance Graph
Notwithstanding
any statement to the contrary in any of our previous or future filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, the following information relating to the
price performance of our common stock shall not be deemed filed with the
Commission or soliciting material under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
and shall not be incorporated by reference into any such filings.
The
following graph shows a comparison of cumulative total return for our common
stock, The NASDAQ Composite Index, The NASDAQ Medical Equipment Index and The
Russell 2000 Index. Such returns are based on historical results and are not
intended to suggest future performance. The graph assumes $100 was invested in
our common stock and in each of the indexes on June16, 2005 the date our
common stock commenced trading on The NASDAQ Stock Market. Data for The NASDAQ
Composite Index, The NASDAQ Medical Equipment Index and The Russell 2000 Index
assume reinvestment of dividends. We have never paid dividends on our common
stock and have no present plans to do so.
41
Table of Contents
Item6.Selected Financial
Data.
The
following selected consolidated financial data should be read in conjunction
with Item 7 - Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations and the consolidated financial statements and the notes
thereto included in this report. The selected consolidated statements of
operations data for the fiscal years ended March31, 2009, 2008 and 2007
and the selected consolidated balance sheet data as of March31, 2009 and
2008 are derived from the audited consolidated financial statements that are
included elsewhere in this report. The selected consolidated statements of
operations data for the fiscal years ended March31, 2006 and 2005 and the
selected consolidated balance sheet data as of March31, 2007, 2006 and
2005 are derived from our audited consolidated financial statements not included
in this report. The historical results are not necessarily indicative of the
results of operations to be expected in any future periods. All per share
amounts for all periods presented have been restated to reflect the 1-for-225
reverse stock split that became effective on June10, 2005.
Consolidated
Statements of Operations
Years
Ended March 31,
2009
2
2008
2
2007
23
2006
4
2005
5
In
thousands, except per share amounts
Revenues
$
78,196
$
69,213
$
58,795
$
32,781
$
24,012
Cost
of goods sold 1
20,847
17,301
15,361
9,710
8,003
Gross
profit
57,349
51,912
43,434
23,071
16,009
Operating
expenses:
Research
and development 1
10,243
13,718
7,904
6,589
2,360
Sales
and marketing 1
29,312
29,385
24,121
15,171
8,781
General
and administrative 1
26,983
26,971
19,308
10,307
11,884
Impairment
of intangible assets
462
-
-
-
-
Total
operating expenses
67,000
70,074
51,333
32,067
23,025
Loss
from operations
9,651
18,162
7,899
8,996
7,016
Interest
and investment income
258
1,223
1,618
1,295
177
Interest
expense
52
3
14
12
29
Other
income expense, net
2,111
488
565
632
164
Loss
before income taxes
11,556
16,454
5,730
8,345
6,704
Income
tax benefit
502
194
247
84
-
Net
loss
11,054
16,260
5,483
8,261
6,704
Accretion
of redeemable convertible
preferred
stock to redemption value
including
beneficial conversion feature
-
-
-
659
588
Net
loss attributable to common stockholders
$
11,054
$
16,260
$
5,483
$
8,920
$
7,292
Net
loss per share attributable to common stockholders:
basic
and diluted
$
070
$
105
$
038
$
079
$
522
Weighted-average
number of shares used in per share
calculation:
basic and diluted
15,692
15,438
14,621
11,240
1,397
42
Table of Contents
March
31,
2009
2008
2007
3
2006
4
2005
In
thousands
Consolidated
Balance Sheet Data:
Total
assets
$
61,506
$
72,332
$
73,097
$
62,114
$
29,774
Mandatorily
redeemable convertible preferred stock
$
-
$
-
$
-
$
-
$
58,442
Total
stockholders' equity deficit
$
42,574
$
48,180
$
56,294
$
51,316
$
37,561
Accumulated
deficit
$
82,416
$
71,362
$
55,102
$
49,619
$
40,975
1
Non-cash stock-based compensation expense included in results of
operations is as follows:
Years
Ended March 31,
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
In
thousands
Cost
of goods sold
$
560
$
471
$
218
$
26
$
26
Research
and development
$
592
$
533
$
222
$
22
$
69
Sales
and marketing
$
1,498
$
1,325
$
802
$
169
$
134
General
and administrative
$
2,995
$
2,629
$
1,332
$
172
$
3,210
2
In
fiscal 2009, 2008 and 2007, loss from operations, net loss and basic and
diluted net loss per share include the impact of Statement of Financial
Accounting Standard SFAS No123 SFAS123R, which was
not present in prior years. Refer to Notes2 and 12 of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements.
3
On
November30, 2006, we completed our acquisition of VasCon. In
connection with the acquisition, we formed MDT. The results of operations
of MDT are included in the accompanying consolidated statements of
operations for all periods or partial periods subsequent to the
acquisition date. Additionally, the acquired assets and liabilities
assumed in the acquisition are included in the consolidated balance sheets
subsequent to the acquisition date. See Note3 of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements, which are included in Item8 
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report for further
details regarding the transaction. On January 1, 2009, we merged MDT into
Micrus Endovascular Corporation.
4
On
September20, 2005, we completed our acquisition of Neurologic UK
Limited Neurologic. In connection with the acquisition, we formed
Micrus UK, our subsidiary in the United Kingdom. The results of operations
of Micrus UK are included in the accompanying consolidated statements of
operations for all periods or partial periods subsequent to the
acquisition date. Additionally, the acquired assets and liabilities
assumed in the acquisition are included in the consolidated balance sheets
subsequent to the acquisition date. See Note3 of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements, which are included in Item8 
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report for further
details regarding the transaction.
5
In
fiscal 2005, loss from operations, net loss and basic and diluted net loss
per share include the impact of a stock-based compensation charge of
$30million related to stock options modified in connection with the
settlement agreement with our former CEO.
Item7.Managements
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of
Operations.
The following discussion and
analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of the Company should be
read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the related
notes included elsewhere in this report, and with other factors described from
time to time in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
This Annual Report on Form10-K contains forward-looking statements
that involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results and the timing of events may
differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements due to a
number of factors, including those discussed in PartI, Item1A Risk
Factors above and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form10-K.
43
Table of Contents
Overview
We
develop, manufacture and market implantable and disposable medical devices used
in the treatment of cerebral vascular diseases. Our products are used by
interventional neuroradiologists, interventional neurologists and neurosurgeons
to treat both cerebral aneurysms responsible for hemorrhagic stroke and
intracranial atherosclerosis which may lead to ischemic stroke. Hemorrhagic and
ischemic stroke are both significant causes of death and disability worldwide.
Our product lines consist of endovascular systems that enable a physician to
gain access to the brain in a minimally invasive manner through the vessels of
the arterial system. We believe that our products provide a safe and reliable
alternative to more invasive neurosurgical procedures for treating aneurysms.
Our proprietary three-dimensional, embolic coils anatomically conform and
rapidly deploy within an aneurysm, forming a scaffold that conforms to a wide
diversity of aneurysm shapes and sizes. We also supply accessories for use with
our microcoils and other products for the treatment of neurovascular disease
including microcatheters, balloon catheters, guidewires and stents. We plan on
growing our business by continuing to penetrate our existing hemorrhagic and
ischemic stroke markets, bringing new products and technologies to
interventional neuroradiologists, interventional neurologists and neurosurgeons,
and by entering new geographic territories such as Asia where we commenced
selling our products in Japan through our distribution partner, Goodman, in
March 2006. We also plan to market our products in China upon receiving
regulatory approvals.
Our
revenues are derived primarily from sales of our microcoils. We also sell
stents, access products and accessories for use with our microcoils, which
accounted for approximately 6%, 5% and 3% of our revenues in fiscal 2009, 2008
and 2007, respectively. Geographically, our revenues are generally from sales to
customers in the Americas, Europe and Asia. Our products are shipped from our
facilities in the United States, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, and a
logistics facility in the Netherlands, to either hospitals or
distributors.In select hospitals, our products are held on
consignment, and remain on site, free of charge until used. Revenue is generally
recognized upon shipment after the receipt of a purchase order. In arrangements
which specify the title transfer upon delivery, revenue is not recognized until
the product is delivered. In the case of consigned goods, revenue is recognized
when a replenishment order is made.
We
anticipate that our cost of goods sold will generally increase in absolute
dollars during those quarters in which our sales increase or we incur additional
manufacturing costs in anticipation of the commercial introduction of new
products. Furthermore, our gross margin percentage may decrease in those
quarters in which we initiate sales of new products or product lines, or enter
new geographic territories. Our gross margin percentage may also decrease in
those quarters in which we have a higher proportion of sales to distributors
with lower average selling prices.
Our
product development efforts are primarily focused on expanding our product
offerings for the hemorrhagic and ischemic stroke markets. In August 2004, we
introduced our Cerecyte microcoil product line and we have launched ten new
products in the last 24months, including microcoils, stents,
microcatheters, guidewires and balloon catheters. During fiscal 2009, we
launched the Neuropath guide catheter, which combines robust proximal support
with a highly flexible and visible tip designed to facilitate atraumatic
vascular access. The Neuropath guidecatheter is used as a conduit for
delivery of the microcatheter or other devices, such as coils, stents and
balloons, to the aneurysm. We intend to continue to pursue this non-embolic
product line expansion with the goal of increasing our revenue opportunity per
procedure. We also launched Cerecyte and stretch resistant versions of our
DeltaPaq microcoil system for the treatment of cerebral aneurysms. Our DeltaPaq
microcoil system is designed to enable physicians to achieve greater coil
packing density within the aneurysm which may reduce the rate of recanalization
and the need for re-treatment. The DeltaPaq microcoil system supplements our
framing and finishing coils in the filling segment of the coil market.
Additionally, we launched the PHAROS Vitesse intracranial stent for commercial
distribution in the European Union and all other countries recognizing the CE
Mark. The PHAROS Vitesse is our second generation balloon-expandable stent for
intracranial ischemic stenosis and wide-neck aneurysm treatment. We have
received FDA conditional approval of our investigational device exemption for
the PHAROS VISSIT study. The VISSIT study is the first industry sponsored,
randomized, prospective clinical trial designed to compare the clinical outcomes
between patients who are stented for intracranial ischemic stenosis versus
treated with medical therapy. We are in the process of initiating study sites in
the United States, Europe and China.
44
Table of Contents
We intend
to continue to expand our direct sales force in North America, Europe and Asia
as necessary and further increase our presence in the Asian markets through
distributors. In March 2006, we launched our sales and marketing efforts in
Japan through our distribution partner, Goodman. In December 2007, we received
regulatory approval to sell our stretch-resistant microcoils in Japan, and in
July 2008, we received regulatory approval to sell our Cerecyte microcoils in
Japan. We recorded product sales to Goodman of $93 million, $63million
and $87million in fiscal 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. We plan to
begin selling our products in China upon receiving regulatory approvals. The
timing of these approvals is uncertain due to a pending review by the Chinese
State Food and Drug Administration SFDA of drug and medical device approvals
granted during the term of the former SFDA minister. We believe that this review
process, along with more stringent approval procedures, will delay review and
approval of applications for new products. As a result, we did not recognize
revenues from sales in China during fiscal 2009 and we may not recognize
revenues from China in fiscal 2010.
We
currently anticipate that the broadening of our product line and our further
expansion into the Asian market will be primarily funded with our currently
available cash and cash expected to be generated from operations. We introduced
our first proprietary, three-dimensional microcoil in May 2000. Our revenues
have grown from $18million in fiscal 2001 to $782million in fiscal
2009.
We have
incurred annual net losses since our inception, including net losses of $111
million, $163 million, and $55 million in fiscal 2009, 2008, and 2007,
respectively. However, in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009 we achieved our
first profitable quarter of $06 million as a result of our revenue growth and
expense management, and we expect to achieve profitability for the full year in
fiscal 2010. As of March31, 2009, we had cash and cash equivalents of
$171million. We believe that our current cash position and the cash
expected to be generated from operations will be sufficient to meet our working
capital and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next twelve
months. There is no assurance that we will continue to be profitable in the
foreseeable future as we expand our research and development, manufacturing, and
sales activities and expand geographically. As of March31, 2009, we had an
accumulated deficit of $824million.
Recent
Developments
On
September 22, 2008, we entered into a Settlement and License Agreement the
Settlement and License Agreement with Boston Scientific Corporation and
Target Therapeutics, Inc., a subsidiary of Boston Scientific Corporation
collectively Boston Scientific and a Settlement and Release Agreement the
Settlement and Release Agreement with The Regents of the University of
California the Regents in order to resolve pending patent litigation between
Boston Scientific and us the Patent Litigation. On October 8, 2008, the
Court entered an order dismissing the Patent Litigation with prejudice. For
further discussion of the Settlement and License Agreement, please see Patent
Litigation under Item 3 Legal Proceedings, above.
On
November 5, 2008, we entered into acredit agreement with Wells Fargo Bank
to provide us with a revolving line of credit the Credit Agreement. The
Credit Agreement provides for maximum borrowings in the amount of up to $150
million. If borrowings under the Credit Agreement exceed $75 million, all
borrowings are subject to a borrowing base which is based on eligible accounts
receivable. Borrowings are secured by a first priority security interest in all
of our assets except for certain permitted liens that are senior to the banks
security interest. At our option, borrowings bear interest at either 225% over
the banks prime rate or 350% over the one-month, two-month or three-month
LIBOR. The Credit Agreement requires that we comply with certain financial and
other covenants for borrowings to be permitted. The more significant financial
covenants include i a minimum modified quick ratio and ii a minimum
profitability, excluding certain non-cash items. On May 20, 2009, we amended the
Credit Agreement with Wells Fargo Bank extending the maturity date to August 1,
2010 and adjusting the minimum limits for the financial covenants based on our
financial forecast for fiscal 2010.
On
January 1, 2009, we merged MDT into Micrus Endovascular
Corporation.
On
July28, 2005, we entered into a Technology Transfer Agreement with
Vascular FX, a Delaware limited liability company Vascular FX, pursuant to
which we purchased the intellectual property of Vascular FX. The transaction
included a cash purchase price of $15 million paid at closing followed by
milestone payments of $25 million paid on January 31 and May 31, 2006, and
royalty payments on potential future product sales. There are no future
milestone payments to Vascular FX under the terms of the agreement.
45
Table of Contents
On
January 28, 2009, we amended the Technology Transfer Agreement with Vascular FX
to modify the royalty provision and eliminate the claw-back provisions that
would have required us to license back the acquired technology to Vascular FX
under certain circumstances. Under the amended agreement, we will pay Vascular
FX a royalty equal to 25% of the aggregate net sales of deflectable catheter
products sold during the royalty period subject to the mandatory minimum
provision not less than $250,000 per year. The royalty period is six years
beginning from November 1, 2007.
Results
of Operations
The
following table sets forth the results of our operations, expressed as
percentages of revenues, for the fiscal years ended March31, 2009, 2008
and 2007:
Years
Ended March 31,
2009
2008
2007
%
%
%
Consolidated
Statements of Operations Data:
Revenues
100
%
100
%
100
%
Cost
of goods sold
27
%
25
%
26
%
Gross
profit
73
%
75
%
74
%
Operating
expenses:
Research
and development
13
%
20
%
13
%
Sales
and marketing
37
%
42
%
41
%
General
and administrative
35
%
39
%
33
%
Impairment
of intangible assets
1
%
0
%
0
%
Total
operating expenses
86
%
101
%
87
%
Loss
from operations
13
%
26
%
13
%
Interest
and investment income
0
%
2
%
3
%
Interest
expense
0
%
0
%
0
%
Other
income expense, net
2
%
1
%
1
%
Loss
before income taxes
15
%
23
%
9
%
Income
tax benefit
1
%
0
%
0
%
Net
loss
14
%
23
%
9
%
Fiscal
Years EndedMarch31, 2009 and 2008
Revenues
Years
Ended March 31,
Change
2009
2008
$
%
In
thousands, except percentages
Americas
$
44,067
$
37,565
$
6,502
17
%
Europe
excluding the United Kingdom
15,930
15,095
835
6
%
United
Kingdom
7,531
9,100
1,569
17
%
Asia
Pacific
10,668
7,453
3,215
43
%
$
78,196
$
69,213
$
8,983
13
%
Our
revenues are derived primarily from sales of our microcoils used in the
treatment of cerebral vascular diseases. The overall increase in revenues in
fiscal 2009 compared to fiscal 2008 was primarily due to an increase in the
number of microcoil products sold. Factors driving the increase included growth
in the overall market for embolic coils, an increase in market share in both the
Americas and Asia Pacific, and the introduction of new products.
46
Table of Contents
Revenues
from the Americas increased 17% to $441 million and revenues from Europe
increased 6% to $159 million, bothcompared to fiscal 2008. Revenues
from the United Kingdom decreased 17% to $75 million as compared with $91
million for fiscal 2008, primarily due to the unfavorable impact on revenues
from the weakening of the British pound against the U.S. dollar. Revenues from
Asia Pacific increased 43% to $107 million and included product sales to our
distributor in Japan of $93 million, compared with revenues of $75 million for
fiscal 2008 which included sales to our distributor in Japan of $63 million. We
plan to begin selling our products in China upon receiving regulatory approvals.
We did not recognize revenues from sales to China during fiscal
2009.
Revenues
from Latin America increased to $31million in fiscal 2009 compared with
revenues of $16 million in fiscal 2008 due to an overall increase in product
sales to our distributors in the region and a change in our revenue recognition
policy for sales made to Latin American distributors from a cash collection
basis to upon shipment basis see Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements, which are included in Item8 Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data. As a result of the change in our revenue recognition
policy for sales made to Latin American distributors, we recognized
approximately $07 million of Latin American deferred revenue in the first
quarter of fiscal 2009.
Revenues
from embolic coils increased 12% to $731million for fiscal 2009 as
compared to fiscal 2008 primarily due to the launch of the DeltaPaq microcoil
system and increased market penetration of both the Cashmere and the Presidio
microcoil systems, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of foreign
currency exchange rates, most notably the weakening of the British pound against
the U.S. dollar. Revenues from our non-embolic and accessories products
increased to $49million in fiscal 2009 compared with revenues of
$37million in fiscal 2008 primarily due to the launch of the
Neuropathguide catheter and PHAROS Vitesse stent, and volume
increases across multiple product lines. We expect our embolic and non-embolic
sales to increase in the future as a result of market growth, continued market
penetration of products released during the past two years, including our launch
of the next-generation DeltaPaq microcoil system and an Ascent balloon
catheter family.
New
products continue to represent an important component of our growth strategy,
with 16% of our revenues in fiscal 2009 coming from products introduced in the
past 24 months. Among these, our Cashmere microcoil line represented 8% of the
total revenue for fiscal 2009.We are also pleased with the strong
reception for our newly launched DeltaPaq microcoil system, which comprised 6%
of fiscal year 2009 revenues.With the launch of the Neuropath guide
catheter and the Ascent balloon catheter, we are now in a position to capture a
significantly greater portion of hemorrhagic procedure revenues.
Gross
Profit
Years
Ended March 31,
Change
2009
2008
$
%
In
thousands, except percentages
Cost
of goods sold
$
20,847
$
17,301
$
3,546
20
%
Gross
profit
$
57,349
$
51,912
$
5,437
10
%
Cost of
goods sold consists primarily of materials, direct labor, depreciation, overhead
costs associated with manufacturing, impairments of inventory, warranty
expenses, amortization of intangible assets that were acquired by us as part of
the acquisition of VasCon, amortization of capitalized license technology
associated with our PHAROS stent product and royalties related to certain
access device products. The increase in cost of goods sold during fiscal 2009 as
compared to fiscal 2008 was primarily related to the increase in sales of our
products as well as an increase of $235,000 in royalties.
Gross
margin was 73% in fiscal 2009 and 75% in fiscal 2008. The decrease was primarily
due to higher levels of distributor sales of lower margin products primarily in
Japan and certain European markets. We expect our gross margin to fluctuate in
future periods based on the mix of our product sales.
47
Table of Contents
Operating
Expenses
Research
and Development
Years
Ended March 31,
Change
2009
2008
$
%
In
thousands, except percentages
Research
and development
$
10,243
$
13,718
$
3,475
25
%
Research
and development expenses consist primarily of costs associated with the design,
development, and testing of new products. Such costs are expensed as they are
incurred and include salaries and related personnel costs, fees paid to outside
consultants, and other direct and indirect costs related to research and product
development. Research and development expenses decreased in fiscal 2009 compared
to fiscal 2008 primarily due to a decrease of $39 million in technology
acquisition costs mainly due to a $30 million charge in fiscal 2008 for
in-process research and development in connection with the acquisition of ReVasc
Technologies, Inc. to obtain the rights to pre-regulatory approved
revascularization technology and a $09 million charge in fiscal 2008 associated
with the acquisition of thrombectomy technologies from Genesis. In addition,
there was a decrease in outside services of $09 million primarily associated
with the development of our stent product. This decrease was partially offset by
an increase of $09 million in personnel cost due to increased headcount at our
Florida operations as we ramp up research and development efforts for
neurovascular access and delivery products, and an increase of $303,000 in
consulting fees.
Sales and
Marketing
Years
Ended March 31,
Change
2009
2008
$
%
In
thousands, except percentages
Sales
and marketing
$
29,312
$
29,385
$
73
0
%
Sales and
marketing expenses consist primarily of compensation costs of our direct sales
force and marketing personnel, as well as overhead costs related to these
activities. Also included are costs associated with promotional literature and
videos, trade show participation, and education and training of physicians.
Sales and marketing expenses decreased slightly in fiscal 2009 compared to
fiscal 2008 primarily due to termination costs of $07 million related to sales
personnel in Europe in fiscal 2008, as well as a decrease of $232,000 in
recruiting expense and a decrease of $154,000 in education and training expense.
These decreases were partially offset by higher sales incentives compensation of
$06 million resulting from higher level of sales and changes in the sales
compensation structure, an increase of $213,000 in product samples and an
increase of $174,000 in stock-based compensation expense.
General
and Administrative
Years
Ended March 31,
Change
2009
2008
$
%
In
thousands, except percentages
General
and administrative
$
26,983
$
26,971
$
12
0
%
General
and administrative expenses consist primarily of compensation and related costs
for finance, human resources, facilities, information technology, insurance, and
professional services. Professional services are principally comprised of
outside legal, audit, Sarbanes Oxley compliance and information technology
consulting. General and administrative expenses remained essentially unchanged
in fiscal 2009 compared to fiscal 2008. General and administrative expenses
included increases of $17 million in patent litigation settlement cost in
connection with the patent litigation with Boston Scientific, higher finance and
administrative personnel costs of $12 million due to increased headcount and
salary increases for current employees, additional expense of $05 million for
estimated sales tax in certain states and an increase of $367,000 in stock-based
compensation expense. These increases were partially offset by a decrease of
$37million in legal fees primarily resulting from the settlement of the
patent litigation with Boston Scientific in September 2008 and the conclusion of
the United States Department of Justice monitorship in July 2008.
48
Table of Contents
Impairment
of Intangibles Assets
In the
fourth quarter of fiscal 2009, we performed an assessment of our intangible
assets acquired from Neurologic. Management concluded from the assessment that
an impairment existed for the intangible asset group distribution agreement,
customer relationships and non-compete agreements as the undiscounted value was
less than its carrying value. As a result, we recorded an impairment charge of
$462,000 for this asset group based on the amount by which the carrying amount
of these assets exceeded their fair value. There was no impairment charges
related to intangible assets in fiscal 2008.
Other
Income Expense, Net
Years
Ended March 31,
Change
2009
2008
$
%
In
thousands, except percentages
Interest
and investment income
$
258
$
1,223
$
965
79
%
Interest
expense
52
3
49
1633
%
Other
income expense, net
2,111
488
2,599
533
%
Total
other income expense, net
$
1,905
$
1,708
$
3,613
212
%
Interest
and investment income consists of interest earned on interest bearing accounts.
Interest and investment income decreased in fiscal 2009 compared to fiscal 2008
due to lower cash and investment balances earning interest.
Other
income expense, net consists primarily of foreign exchange gains and losses
resulting from differences in exchange rates between the time of recording of
the transaction and the settlement of foreign currency denominated receivables
and payables. Other income expense, net decreased in fiscal 2009 compared to
fiscal 2008 primarily due to foreign exchange losses resulting from the
re-measurement of foreign currency transactions, most notably the impact of the
weakening of the British pound against the U.S. dollar.
Income
Taxes
Years
Ended March 31,
2009
2008
In
thousands, except percentages
Income
tax benefit
$
502
$
194
Effective
tax rate
4
%
1
%
We have
incurred net operating losses for both federal and state purposes since
inception and, as a result, we have paid no federal or state income taxes. We
had an income tax benefit of approximately $502,000 and $194,000 in fiscal 2009
and 2008, respectively. The net income tax benefit in fiscal 2009 consists
primarily of deferred tax benefit for the tax effect of the amortization related
to the intangible assets acquired in the Neurologic transaction which is not
deductible, the reduction in deferred tax liability due to the impairment of
such intangible assets, and losses from our United Kingdom subsidiary. The net
income tax benefit in fiscal 2008 includes a deferred income tax expense of
approximately $72,000 for the Swiss subsidiarys operating profits and a
deferred tax benefit of approximately $266,000 for the tax effect of the
amortization related to the intangible assets acquired in the Neurologic
transaction which is not deductible and the tax benefit of operating losses for
our United Kingdom subsidiary.
As of
March31, 2009, we had federal, state and foreign net operating loss
carryforwards NOLs of approximately $405million, $305million
and $46million, respectively. The federal NOLs will expire at various
dates beginning in 2012, the state NOLs expire beginning in 2013 and the foreign
NOLs will expire beginning in 2013. We also had federal and state research and
development tax credit carryforwards of approximately $13million and
$13million, respectively, as of March31, 2009. The federal credits
will expire beginning in 2012 and the state credits can be carried forward
indefinitely. Due to the uncertainty of our ability to generate sufficient
taxable income to realize the carryforwards prior to their expiration, we have
recorded a valuation allowance at March31, 2009 to offset our federal,
state and Swiss deferred tax assets.
49
Table of
Contents
Fiscal
Years EndedMarch31, 2008 and 2007
Revenues
YearsEndedMarch31,
Change
2008
2007
$
%
In
thousands, except percentages
Americas
$
37,565
$
31,618
$
5,947
19
%
Europe
excluding the United Kingdom
15,095
11,226
3,869
34
%
United
Kingdom
9,100
6,448
2,652
41
%
Asia
Pacific
7,453
9,503
2,050
22
%
$
69,213
$
58,795
$
10,418
18
%
Our
revenues are derived primarily from sales of our microcoils used in the
treatment of cerebral vascular diseases. The overall increase in revenues in
fiscal 2008 compared to fiscal 2007 was primarily due to an increase in the
number of microcoil products sold during this period. Factors driving the
increase included growth in the overall market for embolic coils, an increase in
our share of both the domestic and foreign markets in which we participate,
expansion of our direct and distributor sales force and the introduction of new
products.
Revenues
from embolic coils increased 15% to $654million for fiscal 2008 as
compared to fiscal 2007 primarily due to the launch of the Cashmere microcoil
system and increased market penetration of the Presidio microcoil system.
Revenues from our non-embolic and accessories products increased to
$37million in fiscal 2008 compared with revenues of $16million in
fiscal 2007 primarily due to the launch of the ENZO deflectable microcatheter
and volume increases across multiple product lines including our guiding
catheters, guidewires and stents. Additionally, the increase in revenues was
partially due to higher average selling prices as a result of increased sales of
our more expensive Cerecyte product sales in fiscal 2008. Products introduced
in the past 24months comprised 21% of our revenues in fiscal
2008.
In
December 2007, we received regulatory approval to sell our stretch-resistant
microcoils in Japan. In July 2008, we received regulatory approval for our
Cerecyte microcoils. The delay in these product approvals had an adverse impact
on the revenues previously anticipated from sales in Japan for fiscal 2008. We
sold $63million of our regulatory approved products in Japan in fiscal
2008, compared with revenues of $87million in fiscal 2007.
We plan
to begin selling our products in China upon receiving regulatory approvals. We
did not recognize revenues from sales in China in fiscal 2008.
Gross
Profit
YearsEndedMarch31,
Change
2008
2007
$
%
In
thousands, except percentages
Cost
of goods sold
$
17,301
$
15,361
$
1,940
13
%
Gross
profit
$
51,912
$
43,434
$
8,478
20
%
The
increase in cost of goods sold during fiscal 2008 as compared to fiscal 2007 was
primarily due to an increase of $08million resulting from an increase in
sales of our products as well as an increase of $06million in
amortization of intangible assets and an increase of $187,000 in royalties. Cost
of goods sold in fiscal 2008 and 2007 includes $08million and $273,000,
respectively, related to the amortization of intangibles acquired from the
acquisition of VasCon on November30, 2006. Additionally, stock-based
compensation expense included in cost of goods sold was $471,000 and $218,000 in
fiscal 2008 and 2007, respectively.
Gross
margin was 75% in fiscal 2008 and 74% in fiscal 2007. The increase was primarily
due to an increase in revenue from sales of higher margin products, partially
offset by higher levels of distributor sales of lower margin products primarily
in Japan and certain European markets.
50
Table of Contents 
Operating
Expenses
Research
and Development
Years Ended March31,
Change
2008
2007
$
%
In
thousands, except percentages
Research
and development
$
13,718
$
7,904
$
5,814
74
%
Research
and development expenses increased in fiscal 2008 compared to fiscal 2007
primarily due to an increase of $24million for technology acquisition
costs related to an in-process research and development charge in connection
with the acquisition of ReVasc to obtain the rights to pre-regulatory approved
revascularization technology and the costs associated with the acquisition of
occlusion technology from Genesis. In addition, there was an increase of
$16million related to increased headcount, an increase of
$11million related to product testing, outside services and supplies, as
well as an increase of $311,000 in stock-based compensation expense. In fiscal
2008 and 2007, approximately 16% and 4%, respectively, of our research and
development costs were attributable to our subsidiary, MDT, formed on
November30, 2006 in connection with the acquisition of
VasCon.
Sales
and Marketing
Years Ended March31,
Change
2008
2007
$
%
In
thousands, except percentages
Sales
and marketing
$
29,385
$
24,121
$
5,264
22
%
Sales and
marketing expenses increased in fiscal 2008 compared to fiscal 2007 primarily
due to an increase of $36million in travel, recruiting and personnel
costs due to an increase in sales and marketing personnel in the North America,
Europe and Asia, an increase of $09million in sales incentives resulting
from higher level of sales and changes in the sales compensation structure, an
increase of $08million in trade show, meeting and conference costs, an
increase of $07million in market research costs, as well as an increase
of $523,000 in stock-based compensation expense. These increases were partially
offset by an aggregate decrease of $340,000 in outside service, consulting and
graphic design costs.
General
and Administrative
Years Ended March31,
Change
2008
2007
$
%
In
thousands, except percentages
General
and administrative
$
26,971
$
19,308
$
7,663
40
%
General
and administrative expenses increased in fiscal 2008 compared to fiscal 2007
primarily due to an increase of $26million related to higher finance and
administrative personnel costs due to increased headcount, as well as an
increase of $26million in legal fees primarily related to professional
fees for the services of attorneys and third-party accountants in connection
with the United States Department of Justice monitorship. In fiscal 2008, we
incurred professional fees of $37million related to the United States
Department of Justice monitorship, which was concluded in July 2008. Stock based
compensation expense increased $13million in fiscal 2008 as compared to
fiscal 2007. In fiscal 2008 and 2007, approximately 7% and 3%, respectively, of
our general and administrative costs were attributable to our subsidiary,
MDT.
Other
Income, Net
Years Ended March31,
Change
2008
2007
$
%
In
thousands, except percentages
Interest
and investment income
$
1,223
$
1,618
$
395
24
%
Interest
expense
3
14
11
79
%
Other
income, net
488
565
77
14
%
Total
other income, net
$
1,708
$
2,169
$
461
21
%
Interest
and investment income decreased in fiscal 2008 compared to fiscal 2007 due to
lower cash and investment balances earning interest.
51
Table of Contents
Other
income, net decreased in fiscal 2008 compared to fiscal 2007 primarily due to
higher foreign exchange losses related to a loan made to Micrus SA, partially
offset by an increase in foreign exchange gains resulting from differences in
exchange rates between the time of the recording of the transaction and
settlement of foreign currency denominated receivables and
payables.
Income
Taxes
Years
Ended March 31,
2008
2007
In
thousands, except percentages
Income
tax benefit
$
194
$
247
Effective
tax rate
1
%
4
%
We had an
income tax benefit of approximately $194,000 and $247,000 in fiscal 2008 and
2007, respectively. The net income tax benefit in fiscal 2008 includes a
deferred income tax expense of approximately $72,000 for the Swiss subsidiarys
operating profits and a deferred tax benefit of approximately $266,000 for the
tax effect of the amortization related to the intangible assets acquired in the
Neurologic transaction which is not deductible and the tax benefit of operating
losses for our United Kingdom subsidiary. The net income tax benefit in fiscal
2007 includes a current tax benefit of approximately $63,000 arising from losses
in the UK and a deferred tax benefit of approximately $184,000 primarily
attributable to the tax effect of the amortization related to the intangible
assets acquired in the Neurologic transaction which are not deductible for tax
purposes.
Liquidity
and Capital Resources
Years
Ended March 31,
2009
2008
2007
In
thousands
Cash
flow activities:
Net
cash used in operating activities
$
9,279
$
7,524
$
556
Net
cash used in investing activities
$
5,007
$
3,437
$
5,451
Net
cash provided by financing activities
$
4,128
$
3,165
$
5,098
Since our
inception, we have funded our operations primarily through issuances of stock
and related warrants, and product sales. As of March31, 2009, we had cash
and cash equivalents of $171million, compared to $255million at
March31, 2008. We believe that our current cash position and the cash
expected to be generated from operations will be sufficient to meet our working
capital and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next twelve
months.
Net cash
used in operating activities during fiscal 2009 was $93million as
compared to $75million and $06million during fiscal 2008 and 2007,
respectively. Net cash used in operating activities during fiscal 2009 resulted
primarily from: operating losses; an increase in accounts receivable which
resulted from the sale of a greater number of microcoil products and timing of
collections for those sales; an increase in inventory resulting from an increase
in the number of consignment locations due to the addition of new customers and
the launch of new products; a decrease in accounts payable due to the timing of
payments to our vendors; a decrease in accrued payroll and other related
expenses primarily due to lower accrued bonuses and accrued commissions; a
decrease in accrued liabilities and other non-current liabilities primarily due
to lower accrued legal fees primarily resulting from the settlement of the
patent litigation with Boston Scientific and the conclusion of the United States
Department of Justice monitorship. These factors were partially offset by a
decrease in prepaid expense and non-cash items such as stock-based compensation
expense, depreciation and amortization, deferred income taxes and impairment of
intangible assets.
52
Table of Contents
Net cash
used in operating activities during fiscal 2008 resulted primarily from:
operating losses; an increase in accounts receivable which resulted from the
sale of a greater number of microcoil products and timing of collections for
those sales; an increase in inventory due to an increase in the number of
consignment locations and the buildup of finished goods in anticipation of
future sales; an increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets,
primarily due to deposits paid in advance of our global sales meeting; and an
increase in other non-current assets, primarily due to payments of a brokers
commission and a security deposit in connection with the lease at our new
Florida facility. These factors were partially offset by an increase in accounts
payable due to the timing of our payments to our vendors; an increase in accrued
payroll and other related expenses which was attributable to increased headcount
and the timing of payroll payments; an increase in accrued liabilities and other
non-current liabilities primarily due to accrued milestone payments to ReVasc
and Genesis and higher accrued professional fees associated with legal fees; and
non-cash items such as stock-based compensation expense, depreciation and
amortization and our provision for excess and obsolete inventories.
Net cash
used in operating activities during fiscal 2007 resulted primarily from:
operating losses; an increase in inventory due to the buildup of finished goods
in anticipation of future sales and an increase in the number of consignment
locations; an increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets primarily
related to the payment of directors and officers insurance premiums; a decrease
in accounts payable due to the timing of our payments to our vendors; and a
decrease in other non current liabilities. These factors were partially offset
by a decrease in accounts receivable due to improved collection efforts which
resulted in lower days sales outstanding; an increase in accrued payroll and
related expenses which was attributable to increased headcount and the timing of
payroll payments; an increase in accrued liabilities due to higher accrued
professional fees associated with legal fees and Sarbanes Oxley compliance and
higher VAT payables; and non-cash items such as stock-based compensation expense
primarily due to the adoption of SFAS123R in fiscal 2007, depreciation and
amortization, and our provision for excess and obsolete
inventories.
Net cash
used in investing activities during fiscal 2009 was $50 million as compared to
$34million and $55million during fiscal 2008 and 2007,
respectively. Net cash used in investing activities during fiscal 2009 was
related to the earn-out payments associated with the purchase of Neurologic and
VasCon and the purchase of capital equipment, partially offset by proceeds from
the sale of certain assets and technologies to Merit and the sale of property
and equipment to third parties.
Net cash
used in investing activities during fiscal 2008 was related to the earn-out
payment associated with the purchase of Neurologic, the purchase of capital
equipment and prepayments made related to leasehold improvements in connection
with the lease at our new Florida facility, partially offset by proceeds from
the sale of certain assets and technologies to Merit and the sale of property
and equipment to third parties.
Net cash
used in investing activities during fiscal 2007 was primarily related to the
purchase of VasCon, the earn-out payment associated with the purchase of
Neurologic, the milestone payment to Biotronik which has been capitalized as
licensed technology and the purchase of capital equipment, partially offset by
proceeds from the sale of marketable securities.
Net cash
provided by financing activities during fiscal 2009 was $41 million as compared
to $32million and $51million during fiscal 2008 and 2007,
respectively. Net cash provided by financing activities during fiscal 2009
consisted of borrowings under the line of credit with Wells Fargo Bank, exercise
of stock options and the purchase of common stock under our employee stock
purchase plan.
Net cash
provided by financing activities during fiscal 2008 consisted of proceeds from
the exercise of stock options and the purchase of common stock under our
employee stock purchase plan.
Net cash
provided by financing activities during fiscal 2007 consisted of net proceeds
from the exercise of the over-allotment option by the underwriters in connection
with our secondary offering, and proceeds from the exercise of stock options and
the purchase of common stock under our employee stock purchase
plan.
As
discussed in Note 7of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements,
which are included in Item8 Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data, on November 5, 2008, we entered into a Credit Agreement with Wells Fargo
Bank to provide us with a revolving line of credit. The Credit Agreement
provides for maximum borrowings in an amount up to $150 million. If borrowings
under the Credit Agreement exceed $75 million, all borrowings are subject to a
borrowing base which is based on eligible accounts receivable. The Credit
Agreement requires that we comply with certain financial and other covenants for
borrowings to be permitted. At March 31, 2009, we had outstanding borrowings of
$25 million under the line of credit and were in compliance with all covenants
of the Credit Agreement. On May 20, 2009, we amended the Credit Agreement with
Wells Fargo Bank extending the maturity date to August 1, 2010, and adjusting
the minimum limits for the financial covenants based on our financial forecast
for fiscal 2010. We
believe that we will be able to maintain compliance with the debt covenants of
the credit agreement for at least the next twelve months from March 31,
2009.
53
Table of Contents
To the
extent thatexistingcash and cash generated from operations are
insufficient to fund our future activities, wewould seek to borrow funds
under our credit facility. However, given that certain financial and other
covenants of the credit agreement are required to be met, these funds may not be
available to us. Accordingly, we may need to reduce discretionary spending and
raise additional funds through public or private equity or debt financing.
Although we are currently not a party to any definitive agreement with respect
to potential investments in, or acquisitions of, complementary businesses,
services or technologies, we may enter into such agreements in the future.
Additional funds may not be available on terms favorable to us, or at all.
Failure to manage the discretionary spending or raise additional capital as
required may adversely impact our ability to achieve our intended business
objectives.
Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates
We
prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP. In doing so, we
have to make estimates and assumptions that affect our reported amounts of
assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, as well as related disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities. In many cases, we could reasonably have used
different accounting policies and estimates. In some cases, changes in the
accounting estimates are reasonably likely to occur from period to period.
Accordingly, actual results could differ materially from our estimates. To the
extent that there are material differences between these estimates and actual
results, our financial condition or results of operations will be affected. We
base our estimates on past experience and other assumptions that we believe are
reasonable under the circumstances, and we evaluate these estimates on an
ongoing basis. We refer to accounting estimates of this type as critical
accounting policies and estimates, which we discuss below. Our management has
reviewed our critical accounting policies and estimates with our accounting
advisors, audit committee and board of directors.
Although
our significant policies are more fully described in Note2 of the Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements, which are included in Item8 
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, we believe that the following
accounting policies to be critical to the judgment and estimates used in the
preparation of our consolidated financial statements.
Revenue
Recognition.Our revenues are derived
primarily from the sale of our microcoil product line to hospitals and
third-party distributors. We also sell access products and accessories for use
with our microcoils. Revenues are recognized when evidence of an arrangement
exists, delivery to the customer has occurred, the selling price is fixed or
determinable and collectibility is reasonably assured. Revenue is generally
recognized upon shipment after the receipt of a purchase order. In arrangements
which specify the title transfer upon delivery, revenue is not recognized until
the product is delivered. In the case of consigned goods, revenue is recognized
when a replenishment order is made. Sales to our Latin American distributors are made
according to similar contractual terms as sales to other distributors. However,
due to historically longer delays in receiving payments and a higher level of
receivable write-offs relating to our Latin
American distributors, we had concluded that through March 31,
2008 collectibility was not reasonably assured at the time that the distributor
took title to the inventory. Accordingly, we had recognized revenues from sales to
Latin American distributors when cash was collected. We have evaluated our experience with Latin American
distributors and have concluded that collectibility is now
reasonably assured upon shipment, and began recognizing revenue upon shipment to
these distributors beginning in the first quarter of fiscal
2009. Revenue recognized upon shipment to
our Latin American distributors
was $25 million for fiscal 2009. Additionally, the deferred revenue
balance at March31, 2008 of $07 million for these distributors and the
related cost of goods sold of $273,000 that had been deferred has been
recognized as revenue and cost of goods sold, respectively, in the first quarter of fiscal
2009. Revenue recognized
on a cash basis on sales made to our Latin American distributors
was $16 million for fiscal 2008.
Allowance for Doubtful
Accounts.In estimating the collectibility of our accounts
receivable, we analyze historical bad debts, customer concentrations, customer
credit-worthiness, current economic trends, and changes in customer payment
terms. We regularly review the adequacy of our accounts receivable allowance
after considering changes in customers financial condition and the aging of
account receivable balances. If there are unanticipated future events, this
allowance may need to be adjusted.
Excess and Obsolete
Inventory.We calculate an inventory provision for estimated
obsolescence or excess inventories based upon historical scrap rates and
assumptions about future demand for our products and market conditions. Our
microcoil products have a five-year shelf life and our access products have a
shelf life between one and three years. Our products are subject to demand
fluctuations based on the availability and demand for alternative products. Our
inventory, which consists primarily of microcoils, is at risk of obsolescence
following the introduction and development of new or enhanced products. Our
estimates and assumptions for excess and obsolete inventory are reviewed and
updated on a quarterly basis. The estimates we use for demand are also used for
near-term capacity planning and inventory purchasing and are consistent with our
revenue forecasts. Future product introductions and related inventories may
require additional provision based upon changes in market demand or introduction
of competing technologies. Provision for excess and obsolete inventories result
in a corresponding expense to cost of goods sold.
54
Table of Contents
Valuation of Goodwill and
Intangibles.When we acquire another company, the purchase
price is allocated, as applicable, between acquired in-process research and
development, other identifiable intangible assets, tangible net assets and
goodwill as required by GAAP. In-process research and development is the value
assigned to those projects for which the related products have not received
regulatory approval and have no alternative future use. In-process research and
development is recorded as a charge on the date of
acquisition.Through March 31, 2009, there has been no in-process
research and development acquired by us in a business combination. Goodwill is
capitalized, subject to periodic review for impairment. Under our accounting
policy, we perform an annual review of goodwill in the fourth quarter of each
fiscal year, or more often if indicators of impairment exist. We evaluate our
identifiable intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in
business circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not
be recoverable. Evaluations of possible impairment and, if applicable,
adjustments to carrying values require us to estimate, among other factors,
future cash flows over the life of the assets being evaluated, useful lives, and
fair market values of our reporting units and assets. When we conduct our
evaluation of goodwill, the fair value of goodwill is assessed using valuation
techniques that require management judgment and actual results may differ from
assumed or estimated amounts. Should conditions be different from managements
last assessment, significant write-downs of goodwill may be required. Through March 31, 2009, we
determined that there has been no impairment related to goodwill. However, we
determined that $462,000 of intangible assets related to the acquisition of
Neurologic in September 2005 were impaired and recorded a non-cash impairment
charge. Our impairment testing conducted in fiscal 2008 and 2007
indicated no such impairment. See Note 6 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements, which are included in Item8 Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data for further discussion of the impairment
charges.
Accounting for Income
Taxes.Significant management judgment is required in
determining our provision for income taxes, our deferred tax assets and
liabilities and any valuation allowance recorded against our net deferred tax
assets. We have recorded avaluation allowance on our federal, state
and Swiss net deferred tax assets as of March31, 2009 and our federal and
state net deferred tax assets as of March 31, 2008 due to the uncertainties
related to our ability to utilize our deferred tax assets in the foreseeable
future. These deferred tax assets primarily consist of certain net operating
loss carry forwards and accruals deductible in different periods.
Stock-based
Compensation.We adopted the provisions of, and account for
stock-based compensation in accordance with, SFAS123R on April1,
2006. We elected the modified-prospective method, under which prior periods are
not revised for comparative purposes. Under the fair value recognition
provisions of this statement, stock-based compensation cost is measured at the
grant date based on the fair value of the award and is recognized as expense on
a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, which is generally the
vesting period.
Due to
the adoption of SFAS123R, some exercises result in tax deductions in
excess of previously recorded benefits based on the option value at the time of
grant windfall tax benefits. We recognize windfall tax benefits associated
with the exercise of stock options directly to stockholders equity only when
realized. Accordingly, deferred tax assets are not recognized for net operating
loss carryforwards resulting from windfall tax benefits occurring from
April1, 2006 onward. A windfall tax benefit occurs when the actual tax
benefit realized by the company upon an employees disposition of a share-based
award exceeds the deferred tax asset, if any, associated with the award that the
company had recorded. When assessing whether a tax benefit relating to
share-based compensation has been realized, we have elected to follow the tax
law ordering method, under which current year share-based compensation
deductions are assumed to be utilized before net operating loss carryforwards
and other tax attributes. Also, we have elected to ignore the indirect tax
effects of share-based compensation deductions in computing our research and
development tax credit. We will recognize the full effect of these deductions in
the statements of operations when the valuation allowance is
released.
The fair
value of stock options and employee stock purchase plan shares is estimated on
the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The
Black-Scholes model requires that we make certain assumptions that are factored
into the valuation analysis, including estimating the length of time employees
will retain their vested stock options before exercising them expected term
and the estimated volatility of our common stock price over the expected term
and the number of options that will ultimately not complete their vesting
requirements forfeitures. Changes in the subjective assumptions can
materially affect the estimate of fair value of stock-based compensation and
consequently, the related amount recognized in the consolidated statements of
income.
55
Table of Contents
We determine expected
volatilites based on median results of a peer group analysis of companies
similar in size and financial leverage to us. We have elected to use the
simplified method for estimating our expected term as allowed by Staff
Accounting Bulletin SAB 107, and extended by SAB110. SAB110
permits the use of the simplified method under certain conditions including a
companys inability to rely on historical exercise data. We will continue to use
the simplified method until we have sufficient historical exercise data to
provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate the expected term of our
options. The risk-free rate is indexed to the five-year Treasury note interest
at the date of grant and expected forfeiture rate is based on our historical
forfeiture information.
All
stock-based payment awards are amortized on a straight-line basis over the
requisite service periods of the awards, which are generally the vesting
periods. See Note12 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements,
which are included in Item8 Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data for further information regarding the SFAS123R.
Recent
Accounting Pronouncements
In
February 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No159 SFAS 159, The Fair Value
Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities, which expands
opportunities to use fair value measurements in financial reporting and permits
entities to choose to measure many financial instruments and certain other items
at fair value. SFAS159 became effective for us on April 1, 2008.The
adoption of SFAS159 didnot have a material impact on our
consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash
flows.
In
December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 141R SFAS 141R, Business
Combinations, which replaces SFAS 141. SFAS 141R requires the acquiring entity
in a business combination to recognize at full fair value all the assets
acquired and liabilities assumed in the transaction; establishes the
acquisition-date fair value as the measurement objective for all assets acquired
and liabilities assumed; and requires the acquirer to disclose information
needed to evaluate and understand the nature and financial effect of the
business combination. SFAS 141R is effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2008 and is to be applied prospectively to business combinations
completed on or after the date of adoption. This provision will only impact our
accounting for any acquisition after April 1, 2009.
In
February 2008, the FASB issued FASB Staff Position FSP SFASNo. 157-2
FSP SFAS 157-2, Effective Date for FASB Statement No157. This FSP
permits the delayed application of SFASNo. 157, Fair Value Measurements,
SFAS 157 for all nonrecurring fair value measurements of non-financial
assets and non-financial liabilities until fiscal years beginning
afterNovember15, 2008. We are currently evaluating the impact of
adopting the provisions of FSP SFAS157-2 for non-financial assets and
liabilities that are recognized or disclosed on a non-recurring
basis.
In
March2008, the FASB issued SFAS No161 SFAS 161, Disclosures
about Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities, an amendment of FASB
Statement No133. SFAS 161 requires enhanced disclosures about a
companys derivative and hedging activities. SFAS 161 is effective for financial
statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December15, 2008. We
are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of the enhanced disclosures
requirements of SFAS 161 and do not expect the adoption to have a material
impact on our consolidated financial statements.
In April
2008, the FASB issued FSP SFAS No142-3 FSP SFAS 142-3, Determination
of the Useful Life of Intangible Assets. FSP SFAS 142-3 amends the factors that
should be considered in developing renewal or extension assumptions used to
determine the useful life of a recognized intangible asset under SFASNo.
142, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets. The intent of this FSP is to
improve the consistency between the useful life of a recognized intangible asset
and the period of expected cash flows used to measure the fair value of the
asset under SFAS141R, Business Combinations and other GAAP. FSP
SFAS142-3 is effective for us on April1, 2009. We are currently
evaluating the impact of adopting FSP SFAS142-3 on our consolidated
financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
In May
2008, the FASB issued SFASNo162 SFAS 162, The Hierarchy of
Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, which becomes effective 60days
following the SECs approval of the PCAOB amendments to U.S. AU
Section411, The Meaning of Present Fairly in Conformity With Generally
Accepted Accounting Principles. SFAS162 identifies the sources of
accounting principles and the framework for selecting the principles to be used
in the preparation of financial statements of nongovernmental entities that are
presented in conformity with GAAP. This standard is not expected to have an
impact on ourconsolidated financial position, results of operations or
cash flows.
56
Table of Contents
In April
2009, the FASB issued FSP SFASNo. 157-4 FSP SFAS 157-4, Determining
Fair Value When the Volume and Level of Activity for the Asset or Liability Have
Significantly Decreased and Identifying Transactions That Are Not Orderly,
which addresses the determination of fair values when there is no active market
or where the price inputs represent distressed sales. FSP SFAS 157-4 reaffirms
the need to use judgment to ascertain if a formerly active market has become
inactive and in determining fair values when markets have become
inactive.FSP SFAS 157-4 is effective for financial statements issued for
interim and annual periods ending after June 15, 2009. We are currently
evaluating the impact of adopting FSP SFAS157-4 on our consolidated
financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
In April 2009, the FASB
issued FSP SFAS107-1 and Accounting Principles Board APB No28-1
FSP SFAS 107-1 and APB 28-1, Interim Disclosures about Fair Value of
Financial Instruments. FSP SFAS107-1 and APB 28-1 enhance
consistency in financial reporting by increasing the frequency of fair value
disclosures to a quarterly instead of annual basis for any financial instruments
that are not currently reflected on the balance sheet at fair value.FSP
SFAS 107-1 and APB 28-1are effective for financial statements issued for
interim and annual periods ending after June 15, 2009. We are currently
evaluating the impact of adopting FSP SFAS107-1 and APB 28-1 on our
consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash
flows.
In April 2009, the FASB
issued FSP SFAS115-2 and SFAS124-2 FSP SFAS 115-2 and SFAS
124-2, Recognition and Presentation of Other-Than-Temporary
Impairments.FSP SFAS115-2 and SFAS124-2 provide
additional guidance designed to create greater consistency to the timing of
impairment recognition and provide greater clarity about the credit and
noncredit components of impaired debt securities that are not expected to be
sold. FSP SFAS 115-2 and SFAS 124-2are effective for financial statements
issued for interim and annual periods ending after June 15, 2009. We are
currently evaluating the impact of adopting FSP SFAS115-2 and SFAS 124-2
on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash
flows.
Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements
We do not
have any off-balance sheet arrangements as of March 31, 2009.
Contractual
Obligations
We have
obligations under non-cancelable operating leases with various expiration dates
through 2013 and purchase commitments for inventory, capital equipment and
operating expenses, such as materials for research and development and
consulting.
As of
March31, 2009, our contractual obligations were as follows in
thousands:
Payments
Due by Period
Less
than
1-3
3-5
Beyond
Contractual
obligations:
Total
1
year
years
years
5
years
Non-cancelable
operating lease obligations
$
6,452
$
1,038
$
2,910
$
1,003
$
1,501
Purchase
obligations
3,373
3,373
-
-
-
Minimum
milestone payments to The Cleveland Clinic
1,500
1,500
-
-
-
Royalty
payments to Vascular FX, LLC
1,250
250
750
250
-
Total
$
12,575
$
6,161
$
3,660
$
1,253
$
1,501
The
future earn-out payments to the former VasCon shareholders will be an amount not
to exceed $100million based on the sales and manufacturing performance as
set forth in the asset purchase agreement. These future earn-out payments will
be paid over three years. As of March 31, 2009, we have accrued for the second
year earn-out payment of $09 million. We paid the first year earn-out amount of
$378,000 in April 2008.
We are
required to pay The Cleveland Clinic up to $50million in payments upon
the achievement of certain milestones set forth in the ReVasc Agreement, with
minimum milestone payments of at least $20million to The Cleveland Clinic
upon the earlier of achieving the milestones or October 26, 2010.The
firstmilestone payment in the amount of $500,000 was paid in March
2008.
57
Table of Contents
We are
required to pay Vascular FX, LLC a royalty equal to 25% of the greater of i
the applicable aggregate mandatory minimum sales of $10 million or ii the
actual net sales of our deflectable catheter product, both on an annual basis.
The royalty period is six years beginning in November 2007. As of March 31,
2009, we accrued royalty payments of approximately $87,000 to Vascular
FX.
Item7A.Quantitative and
Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk.
Foreign Currency Exchange
Risks.Historically, we have been exposed to risks from
fluctuations in currency exchange rates due to intercompany loans made to Micrus
SA, our Swiss subsidiary, in 2001 in connection with its incorporation. These
loans are denominated in Swiss francs and will fluctuate in value against the
U.S.dollar, causing us to recognize foreign exchange gains and losses. The
functional currency of our Swiss subsidiary is the Swiss franc. The functional
currency of our UK subsidiary is the British pound. In Europe, our revenues are
denominated in the Swiss franc, euro, British pound and other currencies.
Accordingly, we are exposed to market risk related to changes between the Swiss
franc and these other currencies. If the Swiss franc appreciates against the
currencies in which our receivables are denominated, we will recognize foreign
currency losses. For the preparation of our consolidated financial statements,
the financial results of our Swiss subsidiary are translated into
U.S.dollars based on average exchange rates during the applicable period.
A hypothetical 10% decline in the value of the Swiss franc versus the
U.S.dollar would cause us to recognize a loss of $177,000 related to our
loan with Micrus SA and a $184,000 decrease in our comprehensive loss from our
investment in Micrus SA as of March31, 2009. A hypothetical 10% decline in
the value of the British pound versus the U.S.dollar would cause us to
recognize a $447,000 increase in our comprehensive loss from our investment in
Micrus UK as of March31, 2009. A hypothetical 10% decline in the value of
the euro versus the Swiss franc would cause us to recognize a loss of $279,000
based on our foreign denominated receivables as of March31,
2009.
In fiscal
2009, approximately 31% of our revenues were denominated in currencies other
than the U.S. dollar. In future periods, we believe that a greater portion of
our revenues could be denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar,
thereby increasing our exposure to exchange rate gains and losses on non-U.S.
currency transactions.
In fiscal
2009, we entered into foreign currency forward contracts to buy U.S. dollars to
minimize the impact of the currency movements on intercompany payables for our
Micrus SA subsidiary. The use of foreign currency forward contracts allows us to
offset exposure to rate fluctuations because the gains or losses incurred on the
derivative instruments will offset, in whole or in part, losses or gains on the
underlying foreign currency exposure. We use derivative instruments only
for risk management purposes and do not use them for speculation or for
trading.
As of
March 31, 2009, we had outstanding foreign currency forward contracts to sell
06 million euro for approximately $08 million, expiring through June
19,2009.If we were to settle our euro-based contracts at the
reporting date, an immaterial unrealized income or expense would need to be
recognized. A sensitivity analysis of changes in the fair value of our euro
forward contracts at March 31, 2009 indicates that, if the U.S. dollar uniformly
strengthened/weakened by 10% against the euro, the fair value of these contracts
would decrease/increase by $80,000, respectively.
Interest Rate
Risk.Our cash is invested in bank deposits and money market
funds denominated in U.S.dollars. The carrying value of these cash
equivalents approximates fair market value. Our investments in marketable
securities are subject to interest rate risk, which is the risk that our
financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected due to
movements in interest rates.
At March
31, 2009, our cash and cash equivalent balance was $171 million. Based on our
annualized average interest rate, a 10% decrease in the interest rate on such
balances would result in a reduction in interest income of approximately $10,000
on an annual basis.
58
Table of Contents
Item8.Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data.
Index
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Page
Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
60
Consolidated
Balance Sheets
61
Consolidated
Statements of Operations
62
Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity
63
Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows
64
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
65
Supplementary
Data
ScheduleII
Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
95
59
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM
To the
Board of Directors and Stockholders
of Micrus
Endovascular Corporation
In our
opinion, the consolidated financial statements listed in the accompanying index
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Micrus
Endovascular Corporation and its subsidiariesatMarch 31, 2009
and 2008, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of
the three years in the period ended March 31, 2009in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America.In addition, in our opinion, the financial statement
schedule listed in the accompanying indexpresents
fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein when read in
conjunction with the related consolidatedfinancial
statements.Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all
material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of
March 31, 2009, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission COSO.The Company management is responsible
for these financial statements and financial statement schedule, for maintaining
effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of
the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in
Management Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under
