Item8.Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. The Financial Statements, together with the notes thereto and the reports of KPMG LLP dated March12, 2015 thereon, and the Supplementary Data required hereunder, are included in this Annual Report
as set forth in a hereof and are incorporated herein by reference. 
Item1.
Business 4 Item1A.
Risk Factors 12 Item1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments 18 Item2.
Properties 18 Item3.
Legal Proceedings 18 Item4.
Mine Safety Disclosures 20 PARTII Item5.Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Management has evaluated the effectiveness of the Companys disclosure controls and procedures Disclosure Controls
as of the end of the period covered by this report. This evaluation Controls Evaluation was done with the participation of CBIZs CEO and CFO. Disclosure Controls are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that
information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that CBIZ files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SECs rules and forms. Disclosure
Controls include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by CBIZ in the reports that it files under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including the CEO
and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls
Management, including the Companys CEO and CFO, does not expect that its Disclosure Controls or its internal control over
financial reporting Internal Controls will prevent all error and all fraud. Although CBIZs Disclosure Controls are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objective, a control system, no matter how well
conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, but not absolute, assurance that the 
49 Table of Contents
objectives of a control system are met. Further, any control system reflects limitations on resources, and the benefits of a control system must be considered relative to its costs. Because of
the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within CBIZ have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that
judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management
override of a control. A design of a control system is also based upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future
conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system,
misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and may not be detected. Conclusions 
Based upon the Controls Evaluation, the Companys CEO and CFO have concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this report, CBIZs
Disclosure Controls are effective at the reasonable assurance level described above. There were no changes in the Companys Internal
Controls that occurred during the quarter ended December31, 2014 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, CBIZs Internal Controls. Managements Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. The
Companys management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15f and 15d-15f under the Exchange Act. Under the supervision of management,
including the Companys CEO and CFO, CBIZ conducted an evaluation of its internal control over financial reporting based on the framework provided in Internal Control Integrated Framework 1992issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission the COSO Framework. Based on this evaluation, the Companys management has concluded that CBIZs internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December31, 2014.
CBIZs independent auditor, KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an audit report on the effectiveness
of CBIZs internal control over financial reporting which appears in Item8 of this Annual Report. 
Item1.
Business 4 Item1A.
Risk Factors 12 Item1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments 18 Item2.
Properties 18 Item3.
Legal Proceedings 18 Item4.
Mine Safety Disclosures 20 PARTII Item5. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. Information with respect to this item not included below is incorporated by reference from CBIZs Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2015 Annual Stockholders Meeting to be filed with the SEC no
later than 120 days after the end of CBIZs fiscal year. CBIZ has adopted a Code of Professional Conduct and Ethics Guide that applies
to its principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. CBIZs Code of Professional Conduct and Ethics Guide is available on the investor information
page of CBIZs website, located at http www.cbiz.com, and in print to any shareholder who requests them. Any waiver or amendment to the code will be posted on CBIZs website. Executive Officers, Directors and Key Employees of the Registrant: The following table
sets forth certain information regarding the directors, executive officers and certain key employees of CBIZ. Each executive officer and director of CBIZ named in the following table has been elected to serve until his successor is duly appointed or
elected or until his earlier removal or resignation from office. No arrangement or understanding exists between any executive officer of CBIZ and any other person pursuant to which he or she was selected as an officer.  Name
Age Positions Executive Officers and Directors Steven L. Gerard 1 69 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Rick L. Burdick 1 63 Lead Director and Vice Chairman
Michael H. DeGroote 54 Director
Joseph S. DiMartino 234 71 Director
Gina D. France 3 56 Director
Sherrill W. Hudson 3 71 Director
Todd J. Slotkin 234 61 Director
Donald V. Weir 23 73 Director
Benaree Pratt Wiley 34 68 Director
Jerome P. Grisko, Jr. 1 53 President and Chief Operating Officer
Ware H. Grove 64 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Michael W. Gleespen 56 Secretary and General Counsel
Other Key Employees Chris Spurio 49 President, Financial Services
Robert A. OByrne 58 President, Employee Services
David J. Sibits 63 Senior Vice President, Strategic Development
Michael P. Kouzelos 46 Senior Vice President, Strategic Initiatives
John A. Fleischer 53 Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer
Mark M. Waxman 58 Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer
Teresa E. Bur 50 Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer
Bruce J. Kowalski 54 Vice President, Tax
Kelly J. Marek 44 Treasurer
Andrew K. Dambrosio 57 Controller
1
Member of Executive Management Committee  2
Member of Audit Committee  3
Member of Nominating Governance Committee  4
Member of Compensation Committee Steven L.
Gerard was elected by the Board to serve as its Chairman in October, 2002. He was appointed Chief Executive Officer and Director in October 2000. Mr.Gerard was Chairman and CEO of Great Point Capital, Inc.  51 Table of Contents
a provider of operational and advisory services from 1997 to October 2000. From 1991 to 1997, he was Chairman and CEO of Triangle Wire Cable, Inc. and its successor Ocean View Capital,
Inc. Mr.Gerards prior experience includes 16 years with Citibank, N.A. in various senior corporate finance and banking positions. Further, Mr.Gerard served seven years with the American Stock Exchange, where he last served as Vice
President of the Securities Division. Mr.Gerard also serves on the Boards of Directors of Lennar Corporation, Joy Global, Inc. and Las Vegas Sands Corporation. Rick L. Burdick has served as a Director of CBIZ since October 1997, when he was elected as an independent director. On May17, 2007, Mr.Burdick was elected by the Board to be its Lead
Director, a non-officer position. Previously, in October 2002, he was elected by the Board as Vice Chairman, a non-officer position. Mr.Burdick has been a partner at the law firm of Akin Gump Strauss Hauer Feld LLP since April 1988.
Mr.Burdick serves on the Board of Directors of AutoNation, Inc. Michael H. DeGroote, son of CBIZ founder Michael G. DeGroote,
was appointed a Director of CBIZ in November 2006. Mr.DeGroote currently serves as President of Westbury International, a full-service real estate development company, specializing in commercial/industrial land, residential development and
property management. Prior to joining Westbury, Mr.DeGroote was Vice President of MGD Holdings and previously held a management position with Cooper Corporation, and previously served on the Board of Directors of Progressive Waste Solutions
Ltd. He previously served on the Board of Governors of McMaster University in Hamilton, Ontario. Joseph S. DiMartino has served as a
Director of CBIZ since November 1997, when he was elected as an independent director. Mr.DiMartino has been Chairman of the Boards of the funds in The Dreyfus Family of Funds since January 1995. Mr.DiMartino served as President, Chief
Operating Officer and Director of The Dreyfus Corporation from October 1982 until December 1994 and also served as a director of Mellon Bank Corporation. Mr.DiMartino served on the Boards of SunAir Services Corp., LEVCOR International, Inc.,
The Newark Group and the Muscular Dystrophy Association. Gina D. France was appointed to the CBIZ board in February, 2015.
Ms.France founded France Strategic Partners, LLC, a strategy and transaction advisory firm, and has served as its President and CEO since 2003. Ms.France has over 30 years of experience in strategy, investment banking and corporate
finance. Prior to founding France Strategic Partners, Ms.France was a Partner with Ernst Young, LLP and directed the Firms Center for Strategic Transactions. Prior to her work with Ernst Young, Ms.France was a
Senior Vice President with Lehman Brothers, Inc. Ms.France serves on the boards of FirstMerit Corporation and Cedar Fair, L.P. and has previously served on the board of Dawn Food Products, Inc. 
Sherrill W. Hudson was appointed to the CBIZ Board in February, 2015. Mr.Hudson is Chairman of the Board of TECO Energy, Inc. and has been a
member of its board since January 2003. He was executive chairman from August 2010 to December 2012, after having served as Chairman and CEO since July 2004. Mr.Hudson also serves on the boards of Publix Super Markets, Lennar Corporation and
United Insurance Holdings Corporation. Mr.Hudson retired from Deloitte Touche, LLP in August 2002, after 37 years of service. 
Todd J. Slotkin has served as a Director of CBIZ since September 2003, when he was elected as an independent director. Mr.Slotkin is the
Managing Director and Global Business Head of Alvarez Marsals Asset Management Services. Mr.Slotkin is also an independent director of the Apollo Closed End Fund Complex Apollo Floating Rate Fund, Apollo Tactical Income
Fund.In 2011, Mr.Slotkin was appointed the Managing Partner of Newton Pointe LLC, an advisory firm, a position he also held during the period 2007-2008. Mr.Slotkin served on the Board of Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia from 2008
to 2012, and was head of its Audit Committee and Special Committee. Between 2008 and 2010, Mr.Slotkin was a Senior Managing Director of Irving Place Capital. From 2006 to 2007 Mr.Slotkin served as a Managing Director of Natixis Capital
Markets. From 1992 to 2006, Mr.Slotkin served as a SVP 1992-1998 and EVP and Chief Financial Officer 
52 Table of Contents
1998-2006 of MacAndrews Forbes Holdings Inc. Additionally, he was the EVP and CFO of publicly owned MF Worldwide 1998-2006. Prior to 1992, Mr.Slotkin spent 17 years with
Citigroup, ultimately serving as Senior Managing Director and Senior Credit Officer. He was the Global Head of Citigroups Leveraged Capital Group. Mr.Slotkin is a Director and co-founder of the Food Allergy Research Education,
Inc., formerly known as the Food Allergy Initiative. Donald V. Weir has served as a Director of CBIZ since September 2003, when he was
elected as an independent director. Mr.Weir is Vice President of Private Equity for Sanders Morris Harris Group Inc. SMHG and has been with SMHG for the past thirteen years. Prior to this Mr.Weir was CFO and director of
publicly-held Deeptech International Inc. and two of its subsidiaries, Tatham Offshore, Inc. and Leviathan Gas Pipeline Company, both of which were publicly-held companies. Prior to his employment with Deeptech, Mr.Weir worked for eight years
with Sugar Bowl Gas Corporation, as Controller and Treasurer and later in a consulting capacity. Mr.Weir was associated with Price Waterhouse, an international accounting firm, from 1966 to 1979. 
Benaree Pratt Wiley has served as a Director of CBIZ since May 2008, when she was elected as an independent director. Ms.Wiley is a
Principal of The Wiley Group, a firm specializing in personnel strategy, talent management, and leadership development primarily for global insurance and consulting firms. Ms.Wiley served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of The
Partnership, Inc., a talent management organization for multicultural professionals in the greater Boston region for fifteen years before retiring in 2005. Ms.Wiley is currently a director on the boards of The Dreyfus Family of Funds and Blue
Cross and Blue Shield of Massachusetts. Her civic activities include serving on the boards of The Boston Foundation, the Efficacy Institute, Howard University and Dress for Success Boston. Jerome P. Grisko, Jr. has served as President and
Chief Operating Officer of CBIZ since February 2000. Mr.Grisko joined CBIZ as Vice President, Mergers Acquisitions in September 1998 and was promoted to Senior Vice President, Mergers Acquisitions and Legal Affairs in
December of 1998. Prior to joining CBIZ, Mr.Grisko was associated with the law firm of Baker Hostetler LLP, where he practiced from September 1987 until September 1998, serving as a partner of such firm from January 1995 to
September 1998. While at Baker Hostetler, Mr.Grisko concentrated his practice in the area of mergers, acquisitions and divestitures. Ware H. Grove has served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of CBIZ since December 2000. Before joining CBIZ, Mr.Grove served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer of Bridgestreet Accommodations, Inc., which he joined in early 2000 to restructure financing, develop strategic operating alternatives, and assist with merger negotiations. Prior to joining Bridgestreet, Mr.Grove served for three years
as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of LESCO, Inc. Since beginning his career in corporate finance in 1972, Mr.Grove has held various financial positions with large companies representing a variety of industries, including Revco
D.S., Inc., Computerland/Vanstar, Manville Corporation, The Upjohn Company, and First of America Bank. Mr.Grove served on the Board of Directors for Applica, Inc. NYSE: APN from September 2004 through January 2007, at which time the company
was sold to a private equity firm. Michael W. Gleespen has served as Corporate Secretary since April 2001 and General Counsel since
June 2001. Mr.Gleespen is an attorney and has served as CBIZs Vice President of Regulatory Compliance and Accountancy Compliance Officer and Technical Director since February 1998. Prior to joining CBIZ, Mr.Gleespen was an
Assistant Ohio Attorney General in the Business Government Regulation Section and the Court of Claims Defense Section from 1988 until 1998, during which time he was counsel to the Ohio Accountancy Board, the Ohio State Teachers Retirement
System and represented many other state departments and agencies. Mr.Gleespen also held the post of Associate Attorney General for Pension, Disability and Annuity Plans and was the Co-Chairman of the Public Pension Plan Working Group.
Other Key Employees: 
Chris Spurio was appointed Senior Vice President of CBIZ and President of CBIZs Financial Services practice group, effective January1,
2014. Mr.Spurio joined CBIZ in January 1998 and served as Corporate Controller until July 1999. He then served as Vice President of Finance from July 1999 until September 2008. Mr.Spurio served as Executive Managing Director of the
Financial Services Groups Midwest Region from September 2008 through March 2010, and 
53 Table of Contents
as the Groups Chief Operating Officer from March 2010 through December 2013. Mr.Spurio was associated with KPMG LLP, an international accounting firm, from July 1988 to January 1998.
Mr.Spurio is a CPA, CGMA and a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Ohio Society of Certified Public Accountants. Robert A. OByrne has served as Senior Vice President of CBIZ and President of CBIZs Employee Services practice group since December 1998. Mr.OByrne served as President and
Chief Executive Officer of employee benefits brokerage/consulting firms Robert D. OByrne and Associates, Inc. and The Grant Nelson Group, Inc. prior to their acquisition by CBIZ in December 1997. Mr.OByrne has more than 35 years of
experience in the insurance and benefits consulting field. David J. Sibits was appointed Senior Vice President, Strategic Development
of CBIZs Financial Services practice group, effective January1, 2014. From 2007 through 2013, Mr.Sibits served as President of the Financial Services Group. Prior to joining CBIZ in May 2007, Mr.Sibits was Executive Managing
Director of RSM McGladreys Ohio region from 2005 to 2007. Prior to RSM McGladreys acquisition of American Express Tax and Business Services TBS, he was the Executive Managing Director of the TBS Eastern Region, which
included 35 offices in 13 states. Mr.Sibits was an integral member of the TBS senior leadership team and worked with his colleagues at RSM McGladrey to ensure a smooth integration with TBS. Mr.Sibits was also the Managing Shareholder of
Hausser Taylor LLC from 1992 to January 2004. Michael P. Kouzelos joined CBIZ in June 1998, was appointed Senior Vice
President of Strategic Initiatives in September 2005 and also currently serves as the Chief Operating Officer of the Employee Services Division. Mr.Kouzelos served as Vice President of Strategic Initiatives from April 2001 through August 2005,
as Vice President of Shared Services from August 2000 to March 2001, and as Director of Business Integration from June 1998 to July 2000. Mr.Kouzelos was associated with KPMG LLP, an international accounting firm, from 1990 to September 1996
and received his Masters in Business Administration from The Ohio State University in May of 1998. Mark M. Waxman has served as Chief
Marketing Officer since 2001. Mr.Waxman has over twenty-five years of experience in marketing and branding. Prior to joining CBIZ, he was CEO/Creative Director of one of Silicon Valleys most well-known advertising agencies, Carter
Waxman. He was also a founding partner of SK Consulting acquired by CBIZ in 1998 providing strategic marketing and branding services to a wide range of companies and industries. Mr.Waxman has been a featured marketing columnist and
contributor to many business and trade publications, and currently serveson theAdvisory Board of several Silicon Valley start ups. He currently serves on the Board of Trustees of Silicon Valley Creates and the West Valley Mission
Foundation, and has served as the Chairman of the Board of for the Silicon Valley Chamber of Commerce, Artsopolis.com, and The San Jose Repertory Theatre. Teresa E. Bur has been responsible for the Human Resources function at CBIZ since 1999 when she was appointed Vice President of Human Resources.Her role was elevated in 2006 when she was
appointed Senior Vice President and again in 2014 when she was appointed Chief Human Resources Officer.From 1995 to 1999 Ms.Bur served as Director of Human Resources for Robert D. OByrne Associates, Inc. and The Grant
Nelson Group, Inc., subsidiaries of CBIZ now known as CBIZ Employee Services, Inc. Ms.Bur served as an Executive Board member of CBIZ Womens Advantage from 2006-2014 where she chaired the Professional Development committee.Ms. Bur
has over 25 years of experience in human resources, is an active member of the Society of Human Resources Management, and is certified as a Senior Professional in Human Resources. Bruce J. Kowalski joined CBIZ in December 2003 as Corporate Tax Manager and was appointed Vice President Tax in April 2008. Mr. Kowalski has more than thirty years of corporate tax
experience, beginning his career in 1982 with Price Waterhouse and holding various corporate tax positions with The Scott Fetzer Company and UCAR Carbon Company Inc. Mr. Kowalski is a CPA inactive and received his Masters of Taxation degree from
the University of Akron. 
54 Table of Contents
Kelly J. Marek joined CBIZ in December 1998 and was appointed Corporate Treasurer in April 2005.
Mrs.Marek served as Corporate Controller from July 1999 through March 2005, and as Manager of External Reporting from December 1998 to June 1999. Prior to joining CBIZ, Mrs.Marek was associated with KPMG LLP, an international accounting
firm, from 1992 to December 1998, serving as a Senior Manager of such firm from July 1998 to December 1998. Mrs.Marek is a CPA inactive and a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, the Ohio Society of Certified
Public Accountants and the Association for Financial Professionals.Mrs. Marek held several leadership roles for the Northeastern Ohio Treasury Management Association NEOTMA including President, Vice President, and member of the
Board of Trustees from 2010 through 2013. Andrew K. Dambrosio joined CBIZ in September 2012 as Corporate Controller. Prior to joining
CBIZ, Mr.Dambrosio served as Controller and Executive Director of Financial Planning and Analysis for American Greetings Corporations North American Greeting Card Division from January 2004 through February 2012. Prior to joining
American Greetings Corporation, Mr.Dambrosio was Corporate Controller for LESCO, Inc. from December 2000 through January 2004. Since beginning his career in 1979, Mr.Dambrosio has held various financial and accounting positions with
companies representing a variety of industries, including American Greetings.COM, Picker International, Inc., Medusa Corporation and NACCO Industries, Inc. Mr.Dambrosio is a CPA and a member of the American Institute of Certified Public
Accountants and the Ohio Society of Certified Public Accountants. 