Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting  Firm  
27    Consolidated balance sheets as of December25,  2010 and December26, 2009  
28    Consolidated statements of operations for the years  ended December25, 2010, and December26, 2009  
29    Consolidated statements of shareholders equity for  the years ended December25, 2010, and December26, 2009  
30    Consolidated statements of cash flows for the years  ended December25, 2010, and December26, 2009  
31    Notes  to consolidated financial statements  
32     
Item 1.  
Business  
3    Item 1A.  
Risk Factors  
9    Item 2.  
Properties  
13    Item 3.  
Legal  Proceedings  
14      
PARTII  
14      
Item  5. Controls and Procedures.
Disclosure Controls and Procedures
As of the end of the period covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures.Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective for the purpose of providing reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act of 1934 1is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SECs rulesand forms and 2is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures.
Managements Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule13a-15fand 15d-15funder the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that i  
pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail,  accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets  of the Company;
ii  
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as  necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with  generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures  of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our  management and directors; and
iii  
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection  of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of assets that could have a  material effect on the financial statements.     
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements or instances of fraud. As such, a control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Management assessed the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December25, 2010. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSOin Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Based on our assessment and those criteria, management believes that we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December25, 2010.
21 Table of Contents
This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of the Companys registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Managements report was not subject to attestation by the Companys registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rulesof the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only managements report in this Annual Report.
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
No change occurred in our internal controls over financial reporting as defined in Rule13a-15fof the Exchange Act during the three months ended December25, 2010 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting.
