ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
See . Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports on
Form 8K for our financial statements, and the notes thereto, and the financial
statement schedules filed as part of this report.
Item 1.       1
Item 2.      12
Item 3.    Legal   13
Item 4.    Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.  13
PART II
Item 5. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
EVALUATION OF CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Members of the company management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer have evaluated the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures, as defined by paragraph e of Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15, as of December 31, 2004, the end of the period covered
by this report. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
are effective.
CHANGES IN CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
There were no significant changes in our internal controls or in other
factors that could significantly affect internal controls, known to the Chief
Executive Officer or the Chief Financial Officer, during the fourth quarter of
2004.
RECOMMENDATIONS OF OUR AUDITORS
In connection with its audit of our Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended December 31, 2003, Grant Thornton LLP, our independent
accountants, advised the Audit Committee and management of our need for
additional staff with expertise in preparing required disclosures in the Notes
to the Financial Statements, and our need to develop greater internal resources
for researching and evaluating the appropriateness of complex accounting
principles and evaluating the effect of new accounting pronouncements on us.
Grant Thornton LLP considered these matters to be significant deficiencies as
that term is defined under standards established by the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board United States. In response to the observations made
by Grant Thornton LLP, in 2004 we implemented certain enhancements to our
financial reporting processes, including hiring a new Chief Financial Officer
and reassigning a member of our financial staff to a newly created Financial
Reporting position, and increased training of staff on SEC financial reporting
requirements. We also are evaluating various accounting research tools to
provide more technical resources to our financial reporting group. The member of
our financial staff assigned to the Financial Reporting position has since left
the company, and our corporate controller presently is performing the functions
of this new position. We will continue to evaluate the performance and needs of
our financial staff, including                    42 whether to fill the vacancy in the Financial Reporting position, and implement
changes that we determine are necessary or advisable. We believe we are taking
the appropriate steps to address the matters raised by Grant Thornton LLP.                   PART III
