Item 8. CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
The information required
by this Item is presented in the consolidated financial statements listed in
aof PartIV of this Form10-K Annual Report and
are incorporated herein by reference.
Item 4.
Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
42
Item 4a.
Executive Officers of the Registrant
42
PARTII
Item 5. CONTROLS
AND PROCEDURES.
a Evaluation of disclosure
controls and procedures.
As required by Rule13a-15bunder
the Exchange Act, we have carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and
with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer
CEO and our Chief Financial Officer CFO, of the effectiveness, as of
the end of the period covered by this report, of the design and operation of
our disclosure controls and procedures as  57 defined in Rule13a-15epromulgated
by the SEC under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our CEO and our
CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
such period, were adequate and effective to ensure that information required to
be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act
is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the Commissions rulesand forms.
Managements Report
on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Companys
internal control framework and processes were designed to provide reasonable
assurance to management and the Board of Directors regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of the Companys consolidated financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America.
Management
recognizes its responsibility for fostering a strong ethical climate so that
the Companys affairs are conducted according to the highest standards of
personal and corporate conduct. The Companys internal control over financial
reporting includes those policies and procedures that pertain
to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded properly to allow for the
preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and Directors
of the Company; and
provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the Companys assets that could have a
material effect on the consolidated financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, a system of
internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance
and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Further, because of changing
conditions, effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting may vary
over time. The Companys processes contain self-monitoring mechanisms, and
actions are taken to correct deficiencies as they are identified.
To comply with the
requirements of Section404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Company
designed and implemented a structured and comprehensive compliance process to
evaluate its internal control over financial reporting across the enterprise.
Managements
Process to Assess the Effectiveness of Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting
Managements
conclusion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting is
based on a thorough and comprehensive evaluation and analysis of the five
elements of the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal
ControlIntegrated Framework. shown in italics below, and is based
on, but not limited to, the following Documentation
of entity-wide controls establishing the culture and tone-at-the-top of the
organization, in support of the Companys Control
Environment, Risk Assessment Process, Information and Communication policies and the ongoing Monitoring of these control processes and
systems.
An
evaluation of Control Activities
by work process. Key controls and compensating controls were documented and
tested by each work process within the Company, including controls over all  58 relevant financial
statement assertions related to all significant accounts and disclosures.
Internal control deficiencies were identified and prioritized, and appropriate
remediation action plans were defined, implemented and retested.
A
centralized review and analysis of all internal control deficiencies across the
enterprise to determine whether such deficiencies, either separately or in the
aggregate, represented a significant deficiency or material weakness.
An
evaluation of any changes in work processes, systems, organization or policy
that could materially impact internal control over financial reporting.
Management assessed the effectiveness of the Companys
internal control over financial reporting and concluded that, as of October31,
2005, such internal control is effective. In making this assessment, management
used the criteria set forth by COSO. In coming to the conclusion that the
internal controls over financial reporting are effective, management
considered, among other things, some control deficiencies identified in the
monitoring of certain processes. None of these deficiencies, either alone or
aggregated with other deficiencies, resulted in a material misstatement of the
financial statements. Managements assessment of the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting has been audited by Singer Lewak
Greenbaum Goldstein LLP, an independent registered public accounting
firm, as stated in their report which is included herein.
b Changes
in internal controls.
There were no significant changes in our internal
controls over financial reporting during the quarter ended October31,
2005, that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially
affect our internal control over financial reporting.
Item 4.
Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
42
Item 4a.
Executive Officers of the Registrant
42
PARTII
Item 5. DIRECTORS
AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
Other than the information with respect to our
executive officers, which is set forth in Item 4A of PartI, the information required under
this Item is incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement
pursuant to Regulation14A to be filed with the Commission no later than
120days after the close of our fiscal year ended October31, 2005.
We have a written Code of
Ethics that applies to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer,
and Corporate Controller.
