ITEM 8.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA The Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto required pursuant to this Item begin on page 44 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014. 35 Item 1B.
UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. Item 2.
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15e under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. Changes in Internal Controls. During the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2014, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15f under the Exchange Act that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Managements Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15f. Our internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations COSO of the Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation under the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2014. Management has compared our internal controls implemented under the COSO 1992 framework to the newly issued COSO 2013 framework and determined based on our business no material gaps exist in internal control. Attestation Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. Baker Tilly Virchow Krause, LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2014. The attestation report of Baker Tilly Virchow Krause, LLP on our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2014 is included on page 43 and incorporated by reference herein. ITEM 9B.
OTHER INFORMATION None 36 PART III 