ITEM 8. FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
Reference
is made to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company and the Notes
thereto appearing at page F-1 to F-38 elsewhere herein, which information is
incorporated by reference into this Item 8.
Item 1A. Risk Factors
24
Item 1B. Unresolved
Staff Comments
32
Item 2. Properties
32
Item 3. Legal
Proceedings
33
Item 4. Submission
of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
33
2   
PART II
Item 5. CONTROLS
AND PROCEDURES
Disclosure
Controls and Procedures
We have established
disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that material information relating
to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to the
officers who certify the Companys financial reports and to other members of
senior management and the Board of Directors.
Based on their
evaluation as of August 31, 2006, our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer have concluded that the Companys disclosure controls and
procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15e and 15d-15e under the Exchange Act
are effective to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by the
Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is
recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified
in SEC rules and forms, and information required to be disclosed in the reports
that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated
to the management.
Managements
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Our management is
responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15f and 15d-15f
under the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.
Our internal control
over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to
the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate.
Pursuant to SEC
guidance, we have excluded Copper Hills Youth Center, Kingwood Pines Hospital,
and the Lighthouse/Focus behavioral health facilities from our assessment of
internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2006 because the
hospitals were acquired by the Company in purchase business combinations during
2006. Our independent registered public
accounting firm has also excluded these entities from their audit. Copper Hills Youth Center is a wholly owned
subsidiary of the Company whose total assets and total revenues represent
approximately 34% and 33%, respectively, of the related consolidated financial
statement amounts as of and for the year ended August 31, 2006. Kingwood Pines Hospital is a wholly owned
subsidiary of the Company whose total assets and total revenues represent
approximately 50% and 28%, respectively, of the related consolidated
financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended August 31, 2006. The eight Lighthouse/Focus facilities are
wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company whose total assets and total revenues
represent approximately 335% and 92%, respectively, of the related
consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended August
31, 2006. 55  Based on our evaluation
under the framework in Internal Control -
Integrated Framework, our management concluded that our internal
control over financial reporting was effective as of August 31, 2006.
Our managements
assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting as of August 31, 2006, and the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting as of August 31, 2006 have been audited by
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm,
who also audited the consolidated financial statements of the Company included
in this report on Form 10-K, as stated in their report which is included
herein. The report, which expresses
unqualified opinions on managements assessment and on the effectiveness of the
Companys internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2006, is
included in the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm,
elsewhere within this document.
Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
There have been no
changes in the Companys internal control over financial reporting as defined
in Rule 13a-15f under the Exchange Act that occurred during the Companys
last fiscal quarter that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to
materially affect the Companys internal control over financial reporting.
PART III
