ITEM8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA The financial statements and supplementary data
required by this item are set forth at the end of this annual report on Form 10-K beginning on page F-1 and are incorporated into this item by reference. 
Item 1 Business
2
Item 1A Risk Factors
8
Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments
14
Item 2 Properties
14
Item 3 Legal Proceedings
15
Item 4 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
15 PART II Item 5. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures We have established and currently maintain disclosure controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our
reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified by the Securities and Exchange Commissions rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and
communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures,
management recognized that any control or procedure, no matter how well designed and functioning, can provide only reasonable, but not absolute assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In reaching a reasonable level of assurance,
management applied its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Additionally, the design of any system of controls is partially based upon certain assumptions of the likelihood of future events, and
there can be no assurance that any design will achieve its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changing conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies and procedures may
deteriorate. Consequently, because of the inherent limitations of a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. As of the end of the period covered by this annual report on Form 10-K, we evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. That evaluation was performed with the participation of our management,
including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Portions of such evaluation related to the restatement of our financial statements as described in this report, and in connection therewith, we conducted an extensive internal review
of our revenue recognition practices for all periods for which financial information is included in this report. Among other things, this involved the review of over 1,500 customer contracts entered into since January1, 2000. 
26 Table of Contents
As described in Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item8 of this
annual report on Form 10-K, subsequent to the issuance of our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December31, 2004 and our Forms 10-Q for the three fiscal quarters thereafter, our management determined that we had been
incorrectly applying the principles set forth in SOP 98-9 to our revenue recognition policies, and decided to restate our financial statements to comply with the correct revenue recognition principles applicable to our business, paragraph 12 of SOP
97-2, as of and for all periods for which financial information is included in this report. As a result of the restatement, some previously recognized revenues and related costs were shifted to earlier or later reporting periods resulting in a
change to previously reported revenues, expenses, deferred revenues and prepaid expenses and other previously recognized revenues and related costs were reclassified as deferred revenue or prepaid expense at December31, 2005 and will be
recognized in periods subsequent to December31, 2005. As part of our disclosure controls and procedures over the selection and
application of accounting principles relating to software revenue recognition under SOP 97-2, and in response to an inquiry by the Staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission, our accounting management independently reviewed SOP 97-2 together
with other accounting literature, consulted with our independent auditors regarding revenue recognition and accounting developments, and reviewed various accounting journals and other literature with respect to the existence of accounting
pronouncements and their application to us. As part of our revenue recognition review process, we noted that our prior revenue recognition policies had not changed since the adoption of SOP 97-2. The Companys external independent auditors had
been aware of our revenue recognition policies and had not suggested that they were not in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. We also responded to a similar inquiry regarding our software license revenue recognition
policies from the Staff of the SEC in 2002 and they did not object to them at that time. Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officers determined that our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective as of the end of the period covered by this annual report because these disclosure controls and procedures did not result in our proper understanding of the application
of SOP 97-2 for ione year software licenses bundled with post contract support and iimultiple element contracts involving one year software licenses bundled with post contract support and professional services. In response to the deficiencies identified above, we have taken steps subsequent to the period covered by this annual report to strengthen our disclosure
controls and procedures to identify, rectify and prevent the recurrence of the circumstances that resulted in our determination to restate prior period financial statements. We will reinforce our current revenue recognition policies by, among other
things, supplementing our revenue recognition policy to include a clearly understandable summary of key elements of the policy to better ensure broader understanding of the policy among our personnel, documenting the review of revenue transactions
prior to recognizing revenue, and requiring that this documentation be reviewed and approved by a responsible person prior to recording revenue, performing an on-going analysis of the VSOE of individual elements to support the fair value of the
individual elements to be used in deferring the fair value from multiple element arrangements. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have made no significant change in our internal control over financial reporting during the most recent fiscal quarter covered by
this report on Form 10-K that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
Item 1 Business
2
Item 1A Risk Factors
8
Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments
14
Item 2 Properties
14
Item 3 Legal Proceedings
15
Item 4 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
15 PART II Item 5. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT The information required by this item
concerning our directors and certain information regarding our executive officers is incorporated by reference to the information set forth in the sections entitled Proposal 1Election of DirectorsNominees, Executive
Officers and Compensation, Section 16a Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance and Board Meetings and CommitteesAudit Committee in our Proxy Statement for the 2006 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
Executive Officers of Document Sciences The
executive officers of Document Sciences and their ages, as of March30, 2006, are as follows:  Name
Age
Position
John L. McGannon
45
President and Chief Executive Officer
Hakan Akbas.
37
Chief Marketing Officer and Senior Vice President
Nasser S. Barghouti, PhD.
42
Chief Technology Officer
Daniel J. Fregeau
49
Executive Vice President
Peter M. Riccio
50
Senior Vice President of Sales
Todd W. Schmidt.
63
Chief Financial Officer and Secretary
J. Douglas Winter
38
Chief Operating Officer
Tao Ye
39
General Manager of Asian Operations
John L. McGannon has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Document Sciences
since January 2001. He has been a director since January 2001. He has also served as Chief Financial Officer, Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer and Controller since joining Document Sciences in September 1998. From June 1997 through
August 1998, he served as the Manager of Financial Analysis and Planning for Simulation Sciences, Inc., a California-based software developer for the oil and chemical engineering industries. Mr.McGannon worked for Chevron Corporation from 1988
to 1997 in a variety of financial management positions. Mr.McGannon holds a BA degree from Stanford University and an MBA from Carnegie Mellon University. Hakan Akbas has served as our Chief Marketing Officer and Senior Vice President since March 2006. Prior to joining Document Sciences, Mr.Akbas served as Managing Director, Business Development Operations
within the Global Services Division of Xerox Corporation, where he led service offering development and marketing activities. Prior to his employment with Xerox, Mr.Akbas was a Director of Marketing Business Development for a
start-up joint venture between Accenture and Xerox. He holds an MBA from the Simon School at the University of Rochester and a B.S. in Industrial Engineering. Nasser S. Barghouti, PhD. has served as our Chief Technology Officer since July 2004. Prior to joining Document Sciences, Mr.Barghouti co-founded Objectiva Software Solutions in August 2001 and served as
Chief Technology Officer. Prior to founding Objectiva, he served as the Global Director of Technology at ONEWORLD Software Solutions from 2000 to 2001, where he was responsible for setting the technology direction of the company, and for providing
technical oversight on software projects. Mr.Barghouti was also Associate Director of Information Technology at Bear Stearns Co. in New York City, one of the worlds leading investment banks and brokerage clearing houses. He
served as a Senior Member of the Technical Staff at ATT Research Labs in Florham Park, NJ and Bell Labs in Murray Hill, NJ. Mr.Barghouti received his BS, MS and PhD all in Computer Science from Columbia University. He has published dozens
of papers in reference journals and international conferences, and has given numerous presentations at leading research labs and scientific forums. Daniel J. Fregeau has served as our Executive Vice President since January 2001. From 1998 to 2001, he served as Vice President of Worldwide Sales and Business Development. From 1997 to 1998, he served as our 
28 Table of Contents
Vice President, Business Development. From 1994 to 1997, he served as our Vice President, Marketing and from 1992 to 1994, he served as our Vice President,
Sales. Before joining Document Sciences, Mr.Fregeau was Marketing Manager for the Networking Division of Sears Business Centers, San Diego, from 1990 to 1992. Mr.Fregeau was a founder and principal of MicroAge in San Diego from 1988 to
1990. From 1982 to 1988, he held several positions with Xerox Corporations Electronic Publishing Business Unit including Manager of Systems Engineering and Integration, Technical Program Manager and Project Manager. While at Xerox,
Mr.Fregeau designed and directed the development of several publishing products and was a key contributor to the launch of the XICS now CompuSet product in the U.S. and Canada. Peter M. Riccio has served as our Senior Vice President of Sales since June 2004. Prior to joining Document Sciences, Mr.Riccio served as
Vice President of Sales at Planitax, Inc. in 2003 and Saba Software from 1999 to 2003. Mr.Riccio also held executive-level sales positions at PeopleSoft, Inc. and Ardent Software, Inc. Mr.Riccios experience also includes sales
positions at Hewlett-Packard and Informix Software. Todd W. Schmidt has served as our Chief Financial Officer since December 2005
and our Secretary since February 2006. Prior to joining Document Sciences, Mr.Schmidt served as the CFO of Dickie Walker Marine, Inc. from 2002 to 2005, the CFO of ENCAD, Inc. from 1996 to 2002 and as the Vice President of Finance and
Administration for several Southern California companies from 1976 to 1995, including Biosym Technologies, Inc., Dura Pharmaceuticals and IVAC Corporation. He has served as a Board member and business advisor for several start-up and existing
companies in the biomedical, software and other high-tech fields. Mr.Schmidt holds a BS and MBA from Northwestern University. J.
Douglas Winter has served as our Chief Operating Officer since April 2005. From July 2004 to April 2005, he served as our General Manager of Technical Operations. Prior to joining Document Sciences, Mr.Winter co-founded Objectiva Software
Solutions in August 2001 and served as CEO. Previously, he served as General Manager of ONEWORLD Software Solutions California client service centers from 1999 to 2001, establishing their west coast operations and also served as part of their
global operations committee, responsible for formulating and executing strategic operations. Mr.Winter also served as Program Manager for Qualcomms 3500 series of CDMA base stations and later was responsible for the product certification
and testing of the QUALCOMM Thin Phone QCP 860/1960. Mr.Winter holds an MSEE and an MBA from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a BSEE from Virginia Technological University. Following his undergraduate work, he worked for three
years for Westinghouse where he was an instructor for the U.S. Navys nuclear training program. Tao Ye has served as our
General Manager of Asian Operations since July 2004. Prior to joining Document Sciences, Mr.Ye co-founded Objectiva Software Solutions in August 2001 and was Chief Operating Officer and President of Objectiva Software Solutions in China.
Previously, he served as General Manager of the ONEWORLD Softwares Greater China Division from 1999 to 2001. Prior to ONEWORLD, Mr.Ye was Program Manager for Intel Materials eBusiness effort and also worked for Eastman Kodak Company
where he designed and implemented Kodaks supply chain for Greater China Region. He holds an MBA from the MIT Sloan School of Business, a M.S. in Mechanical Engineering from the MIT School of Engineering, an M.S. in Materials Science from the
University of California Santa Barbara and a B.S. in Mathematical Mechanics from Peking Beijing University. Executive officers are
appointed by the Board of Directors and serve at the discretion of the Board. There are no family relationships among any directors or executive officers of Document Sciences. Code of Ethics We have a code of ethics that applies to all our employees, including our principal
executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, controller and persons performing similar functions, as well as our directors. Our code of ethics is posted on our website at www.docscience.com. If you would like a
29 Table of Contents
complementary copy of our code of ethics, please write to Document Sciences Corp, 5958 Priestly Drive, Carlsbad, CA 92008, Attn: Corporate Secretary. We will
disclose any waivers of, or amendments to, the code of ethics that applies to any of our senior and executive officers, controller and persons performing similar functions on our website. 
