ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
The information called for by this Item is contained in a separate section
of this Annual Report. See Index of Financial Statements and Schedule page
F-1.
Item 7 - Management Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
Item 3. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
The Company maintains a system of disclosure controls and procedures. The
term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined by regulations of the
Securities and Exchange Commission the SEC, means controls and other
procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
in the reports that the Company files or submits to the SEC under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended the Act, is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms.
Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and
procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the
Company in the reports that it files or submits to the SEC under the Act is
accumulated and communicated to the Company management,  including its
principal executive officer and its principal financial officer, or persons
performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions to be
made regarding required disclosure. Each of David A. Bowers, the Company Vice
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Darryl R.
Halbert, the Company Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Controller,
have evaluated the Company disclosure controls and procedures as of December
31, 2003. Based upon their evaluation, these executive officers have concluded
that the Company disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of the
date of such evaluation.
The Company also maintains a system of internal controls over financial
reporting. The term internal control over financial reporting, as defined by
regulations of the SEC, means a process designed by, or under the supervision
of, the Company principal executive and principal financial officers, or
persons performing similar functions, and effected by the Company board of
directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP, and
includes those policies and procedures that   o  Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
assets of the Company.
o  Provide reasonable  assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being
made only in accordance with  authorizations of management and
directors of the Company, and
o  Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection
of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company
assets that could have a material effect on the Company consolidated
financial statements.
There has been no change to the Company system of internal controls over
financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2003 that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company
system of internal controls over financial reporting.                   PART III
