Item8.Financial Statements and Supplementary Data    
The financial statements and supplementary data appear in a separate section of this report following PartIV. We provide details of our valuation and qualifying
accounts in Note18Supplementary Financial Information to the consolidated financial statements. All schedules have been omitted since the information required to be submitted
has been included on the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto or has been omitted as not applicable or not required.  
Item1. Business 1 Item1A. Risk Factors 10 Item1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 23 Item2. Properties 23 Item3. Legal Proceedings 23 Item4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 26 PART II Item5.Controls and Procedures    
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
Based on an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of management, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that our
disclosure controls and procedures as defined in rules13a-15e and 15d-15e under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act were effective as
of the end of the period covered by this report to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is irecorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms and iiaccumulated and communicated to our management, including our
principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Inherent Limitations Over Internal Controls 
Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: ipertain
to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 
52  iiprovide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles,
and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and
iiiprovide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our
financial statements. Management,
including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our internal controls will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter
how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact
that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of internal
controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. Also, any evaluation of the effectiveness of controls in future periods is subject
to the risk that those internal controls may become inadequate because of changes in business conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
Management Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule13a-15f under the
Exchange Act. Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria set forth in Internal ControlIntegrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO. Based on this evaluation, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting
was effective as of October31, 2008. Our independent registered public accounting firm, EY, has issued an attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting. The report on
the audit of internal control over financial reporting appears on page61 of this Form10-K. 
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during 2008, which were identified in connection with management evaluation required by
paragraphd of Rules13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 
Item1. Business 1 Item1A. Risk Factors 10 Item1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 23 Item2. Properties 23 Item3. Legal Proceedings 23 Item4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 26 PART II Item5.Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant     The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the sections entitled Proposal 1Election of Director and Executive
CompensationSection16a Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance in the Company definitive Proxy Statement the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to
be held in 2009. The Company intends to file the Proxy Statement within 120days after the end of the fiscal year i.e.on or before February28, 2009. The Company Code of
Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to its directors and all employees, including senior financial officers, is available on the Company website at www.take2games.com. If the Company makes any
amendment to its Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that is required to be disclosed pursuant to the
Exchange Act, the Company will make such disclosures on its website. 
