Item
8.Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.  See the Index included at Item 7. Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the notes to our consolidated financial statements.  
20  Item 6.Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant.  The information required by
this item will appear in, and is incorporated by reference from, the section entitled Proposal No. 1. Election of Directors under the subheading Information concerning nominees to our board of directors and the section
entitled Executive Officers, Compensation and Other Information under the subheadings Information concerning our executive officers and Section 16a beneficial ownership reporting compliance included in our
definitive proxy statement relating to our 2002 annual stockholder meeting.  Item 11.Executive Compensation. 
The information required by this item will appear in, and is incorporated by reference from, the section entitled Proposal No. 1.
Election of Directors under the subheading Compensation of directors and the section entitled Executive Officers, Compensation and Other Information under the subheadings Executive compensation,
Employment agreements and Compensation committee interlocks and insider participation included in our definitive proxy statement relating to our 2002 annual stockholder meeting. The compensation committee report and
performance graph required by Items 402k and l of Regulation S-K are not incorporated herein.  Item 12.Security Ownership
of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management.  The information required by this item will appear in, and is incorporated by
reference from, the section entitled Security Ownership of Principal Stockholders, Directors and Officers included in our definitive proxy statement relating to our 2002 annual stockholder meeting.  Item 13.Certain Relationships and Related Transactions.  The information required by this item will appear in, and is incorporated by reference from, the section entitled Certain Relationships and Related Transactions included in our definitive proxy statement
relating to our 2002 annual stockholder meeting. 
37  
PART IV  