ITEM 8. FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA The
financial statements and supplementary financial data required by this Item 8 are set
forth in  of this Form 10-K. All information that has been omitted is either
inapplicable or not required. Item 1.
BUSINESS
3
Item 1A.
RISK FACTORS
14
Item 1B.
UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
24
Item 2.
PROPERTIES
24
Item 3.
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
25
Item 4. CONTROLS AND
PROCEDURES Disclosure
Controls and Procedures We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are
designed to ensure that information we are required to disclose in the reports that we
file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 the Exchange Act,
such as this Annual Report on Form 10-K, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified by SEC rules and forms. Disclosure controls and
procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that
information we are required to disclose in the reports that we file or submit under the
Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Chief
Executive Officer CEO and the Chief Financial Officer CFO, to
allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our
management evaluated, with the participation of our CEO and CFO, the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2006, pursuant to paragraph b of
Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act. This evaluation included a review of the
controls objectives and design, the operation of the controls, and the effect of the
controls on the information presented in this Annual Report. Our management, including the
CEO and CFO, do not expect that disclosure controls can or will prevent or detect all
errors and all fraud, if any. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated,
can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control
system are met. Also, the projection of any evaluation of the disclosure controls and
procedures to future periods is subject to the risk that the disclosure controls and
procedures may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Based
on their review and evaluation, and subject to the inherent limitations described above,
our CEO and CFO have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in
Rules 13a-15e and 15d-15e under the Exchange Act were effective as of September 30,
2006. Internal
Control over Financial Reporting Management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules
13a-15f and 15d-15f under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial
reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 43 Because
of inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or
detect misstatements. Therefore, even internal controls determined to be effective can
provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and
presentation. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting is
subject to various inherent limitations, including cost limitations, judgments used in
decision making, assumptions about the likelihood of future events, the possibility of
human error, and the risk of fraud. The projection of any evaluation of effectiveness to
future periods is subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of
changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with policies may deteriorate.
Because of these limitations, there can be no assurance that any system of internal
control over financial reporting will be successful in preventing all errors or fraud or
in making all material information known in a timely manner to the appropriate levels of
management. There
has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter
ended September 30, 2006 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Managements
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting. Our internal control system has been designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation and
presentation of our financial statements. Our
management has assessed the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as
of September 30, 2006 using the criteria issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated
Framework. Based on that assessment, management believes that our internal
control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2006. Ernst
Young LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm which audits our
consolidated financial statements, has issued the following attestation report on
managements assessment of internal control over financial reporting. Report of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm The Board of Directors
and StockholdersHeadwaters Incorporated We have audited managements
assessment, included in the section entitled Managements Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting of Item 9A of Headwaters Incorporateds Form
10-K, that Headwaters Incorporated maintained effective internal control over financial
reporting as of September 30, 2006, based on criteria established in Internal
ControlIntegrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
the Treadway Commission the COSO criteria. Headwaters Incorporateds management is
responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for
its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on managements assessment and an opinion on
the effectiveness of the Companys internal control over financial reporting based on
our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance
with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material
respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial
reporting, evaluating managements assessment, testing and evaluating the design and
operating effectiveness of internal control, and performing such other procedures as we
considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable
basis for our opinion. A companys internal control
over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A
companys internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and
procedures that 1 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail,
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and 44 dispositions of the assets of the
company; 2 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made
only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and
3 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the companys assets that could have a material
effect on the financial statements.  Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk
that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. In our opinion, managements
assessment that Headwaters Incorporated maintained effective internal control over
financial reporting as of September 30, 2006, is fairly stated, in all material respects,
based on the COSO criteria. Also, in our opinion, Headwaters Incorporated maintained, in
all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September
30, 2006, based on the COSO criteria. We also have audited, in accordance
with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board United States, the
consolidated balance sheets of Headwaters Incorporated as of September 30, 2005 and 2006,
and the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders equity, and cash
flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2006 of Headwaters
Incorporated and our report dated November 17, 2006 expressed an unqualified opinion
thereon. s/ Ernst Young LLP Salt Lake City, UtahNovember
17, 2006 Item 1.
BUSINESS
3
Item 1A.
RISK FACTORS
14
Item 1B.
UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
24
Item 2.
PROPERTIES
24
Item 3.
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
25
Item 4. DIRECTORS AND
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT The
applicable information to be set forth under the captions Executive Officers,
Corporate Governance, Section 16a Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance and Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors in our Proxy
Statement to be filed in January 2007 for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held in
2007 the Proxy Statement, is incorporated herein by reference. 