Note 1 &#x2013; Summary
of Significant Accounting PoliciesApple Inc. and
its wholly-owned subsidiaries (collectively &#x201C;Apple&#x201D; or
the &#x201C;Company&#x201D;) design, manufacture, and market personal
computers, mobile communication devices, and portable digital music
and video players and sell a variety of related software,
third-party digital content and applications, services,
peripherals, and networking solutions. The Company sells its
products worldwide through its online stores, its retail stores,
its direct sales force, and third-party wholesalers, resellers and
value-added resellers. In addition, the Company sells a variety of
third-party Macintosh (&#x201C;Mac&#x201D;), iPhone and iPod
compatible products including application software, printers,
storage devices, speakers, headphones, and various other
accessories and supplies through its online and retail stores. The
Company sells to consumer, small and mid-sized business
(&#x201C;SMB&#x201D;), education, enterprise, government and creative
customers.Basis of Presentation
and PreparationThe
accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts
of the Company. Intercompany accounts and transactions have been
eliminated. The preparation of these consolidated financial
statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles (&#x201C;GAAP&#x201D;) requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in these
consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual
results could differ materially from those estimates.Certain prior
year amounts in the consolidated financial statements and notes
thereto have been reclassified to conform to the current
year&#x2019;s presentation. During the first quarter of 2009, the
Company reclassified $2.4&#xA0;billion of certain fixed-income
securities from short-term marketable securities to long-term
marketable securities in the September&#xA0;27, 2008 Consolidated
Balance Sheet. The reclassification resulted from a change in
accounting presentation for certain investments based on
contractual maturity dates, which more closely reflects the
Company&#x2019;s assessment of the timing of when such securities
will be converted to cash. As a result of this change, marketable
securities with maturities less than 12 months are classified as
short-term and marketable securities with maturities greater than
12 months are classified as long-term. There have been no changes
in the Company&#x2019;s investment policies or practices associated
with this change in accounting presentation. See Note 2,
&#x201C;Financial Instruments&#x201D; of this Form 10-K for
additional information.The
Company&#x2019;s fiscal year is the 52 or 53-week period that ends
on the last Saturday of September. The Company&#x2019;s fiscal years
2009, 2008 and 2007 ended on September&#xA0;26,
2009,&#xA0;September&#xA0;27, 2008 and September&#xA0;29, 2007,
respectively, and included 52 weeks each. An additional week is
included in the first fiscal quarter approximately every six years
to realign fiscal quarters with calendar quarters. Unless otherwise
stated, references to particular years or quarters refer to the
Company&#x2019;s fiscal years ended in September and the associated
quarters of those fiscal years.In May 2009,
the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#x201C;FASB&#x201D;)
established general accounting standards and disclosure for
subsequent events.&#xA0;The Company adopted FASB Accounting
Standards Codification (&#x201C;ASC&#x201D;) 855,&#xA0;Subsequent
Events(formerly referenced as Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards (&#x201C;SFAS&#x201D;) No.&#xA0;165,Subsequent Events), during the third quarter of 2009. The
Company has evaluated subsequent events through the date and time
the financial statements were issued on October&#xA0;27,
2009.Financial
InstrumentsCash Equivalents and
Marketable SecuritiesAll highly
liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the
date of purchase are classified as cash equivalents. The
Company&#x2019;s debt and marketable equity securities have been
classified and accounted for as available-for-sale. Management
determines the appropriate classification of its investments in
debt securities at the time of purchase and reevaluates the
available-for-sale designations as of each balance sheet date. The
Company classifies its marketable debt securities as either
short-term or long-term based on each instrument&#x2019;s underlying
contractual maturity date. Marketable securities with maturities of
less than 12 months are classified as short-term and marketable
securities with maturities greater than 12 months are classified as
long-term. These securities are carried at fair value, with the
unrealized gains and losses, net of taxes, reported as a component
of shareholders&#x2019; equity. The cost of securities sold is based
upon the specific identification method.Derivative Financial
InstrumentsDuring the
second quarter of 2009, the Company adopted FASB ASC 815,Derivatives and Hedging(formerly referenced as SFAS
No.&#xA0;161,Disclosures about Derivative Instruments and
Hedging Activities &#x2013; an amendment of FASB Statement
No.&#xA0;133), which requires additional disclosures about the
Company&#x2019;s objectives and strategies for using derivative
instruments, how the derivative instruments and related hedged
items are accounted for, and how the derivative instruments and
related hedged item affect the financial statements.The Company
accounts for its derivative instruments as either assets or
liabilities and carries them at fair value. Derivatives that are
not defined as hedges must be adjusted to fair value through
earnings.For derivative
instruments that hedge the exposure to variability in expected
future cash flows that are designated as cash flow hedges, the
effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative instrument
is reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive
income in shareholders&#x2019; equity and reclassified into earnings
in the same period or periods during which the hedged transaction
affects earnings. The ineffective portion of the gain or loss on
the derivative instrument is recognized in current earnings. To
receive hedge accounting treatment, cash flow hedges must be highly
effective in offsetting changes to expected future cash flows on
hedged transactions. For options designated as cash flow hedges,
changes in the time value are excluded from the assessment of hedge
effectiveness and are recognized in earnings. For derivative
instruments that hedge the exposure to changes in the fair value of
an asset or a liability and that are designated as fair value
hedges, the net gain or loss on the derivative instrument as well
as the offsetting gain or loss on the hedged item attributable to
the hedged risk are recognized in earnings in the current period.
The Company did not have a net gain or loss on these derivative
instruments during 2009, 2008 and 2007. The net gain or loss on the
effective portion of a derivative instrument that is designated as
an economic hedge of the foreign currency translation exposure of
the net investment in a foreign operation is reported in the same
manner as a foreign currency translation adjustment. For forward
exchange contracts designated as net investment hedges, the Company
excludes changes in fair value relating to changes in the forward
carry component from its definition of effectiveness. Accordingly,
any gains or losses related to this component are recognized in
current earnings.Fair Value
MeasurementsDuring the
first quarter of 2009, the Company adopted FASB ASC
820,&#xA0;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures(formerly
referenced as SFAS No.&#xA0;157,Fair Value Measurements),
which defines fair value, establishes guidelines for measuring fair
value and expands disclosures regarding fair value measurements.
This new accounting standard does not require any new fair value
measurements. The Company applies fair value accounting for all
financial assets and liabilities and non-financial assets and
liabilities that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the
financial statements on a recurring basis. The Company defines fair
value as the price that would be received from selling an asset or
paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
market participants at the measurement date. When determining the
fair value measurements for assets and liabilities, which are
required to be recorded at fair value, the Company considers the
principal or most advantageous market in which the Company would
transact and the market-based risk measurements or assumptions that
market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability,
such as inherent risk, transfer restrictions and credit
risk.During the
first quarter of 2009, the Company adopted FASB ASC
825,&#xA0;Financial Instruments(formerly referenced as SFAS
No.&#xA0;159,The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and
Financial Liabilities &#x2013; Includingan amendment of FASB
Statement No.&#xA0;115),which allows companies to
choose to measure eligible financial instruments and certain other
items at fair value that are not required to be measured at fair
value. The Company has not elected the fair value option for any
eligible financial instruments.InventoriesInventories are
stated at the lower of cost, computed using the first-in, first-out
method, or market. If the cost of the inventories exceeds their
market value, provisions are made currently for the difference
between the cost and the market value. The Company&#x2019;s
inventories consist primarily of finished goods for all periods
presented.Property, Plant and
EquipmentProperty, plant
and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation is computed by use
of the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the
assets, which for buildings is the lesser of 30 years or the
remaining life of the underlying building, up to five years for
equipment, and the shorter of lease terms or ten years for
leasehold improvements. The Company capitalizes eligible costs to
acquire or develop internal-use software that are incurred
subsequent to the preliminary project stage. Capitalized costs
related to internal-use software are amortized using the
straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets,
which range from three to five years. Depreciation and amortization
expense on property and equipment was $577 million, $363 million
and $249 million during 2009, 2008 and 2007,
respectively.Asset Retirement
ObligationsThe Company
records obligations associated with the retirement of tangible
long-lived assets and the associated asset retirement costs. The
Company reviews legal obligations associated with the retirement of
long-lived assets that result from the acquisition, construction,
development and/or normal use of the assets. If it is determined
that a legal obligation exists, the fair value of the liability for
an asset retirement obligation is recognized in the period in which
it is incurred if a reasonable estimate of fair value can be made.
The fair value of the liability is added to the carrying amount of
the associated asset and this additional carrying amount is
depreciated over the life of the asset. The difference between the
gross expected future cash flow and its present value is accreted
over the life of the related lease as an operating expense. All of
the Company&#x2019;s existing asset retirement obligations are
associated with commitments to return property subject to operating
leases to original condition upon lease termination. The
Company&#x2019;s asset retirement liability was $25 million and $21
million as of September&#xA0;26, 2009 and September&#xA0;27, 2008,
respectively.Long-Lived Assets
Including Goodwill and Other Acquired Intangible
AssetsThe Company
reviews property, plant and equipment and certain identifiable
intangibles, excluding goodwill, for impairment. Long-lived assets
are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be
recoverable. Recoverability of these assets is measured by
comparison of their carrying amounts to future undiscounted cash
flows the assets are expected to generate. If property, plant and
equipment and certain identifiable intangibles are considered to be
impaired, the impairment to be recognized equals the amount by
which the carrying value of the assets exceeds its fair market
value. The Company did not record any material impairments during
2009, 2008 and 2007.The Company
does not amortize goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite
useful lives, rather such assets are required to be tested for
impairment at least annually or sooner whenever events or changes
in circumstances indicate that the assets may be impaired. The
Company performs its goodwill and intangible asset impairment tests
on or about August&#xA0;31 of each year. The Company did not
recognize any goodwill or intangible asset impairment charges in
2009, 2008 and 2007. The Company established reporting units based
on its current reporting structure. For purposes of testing
goodwill for impairment, goodwill has been allocated to these
reporting units to the extent it relates to each reporting
unit.&#xA0;The Company
amortizes its intangible assets with definite lives over their
estimated useful lives and reviews these assets for impairment. The
Company is currently amortizing its acquired intangible assets with
definite lives over periods ranging from one to ten
years.Foreign Currency
Translation and RemeasurementThe Company
translates the assets and liabilities of its non-U.S. dollar
functional currency subsidiaries into U.S. dollars using exchange
rates in effect at the end of each period. Revenue and expenses for
these subsidiaries are translated using rates that approximate
those in effect during the period. Gains and losses from these
translations are credited or charged to foreign currency
translation included in accumulated other comprehensive income in
shareholders&#x2019; equity. The Company&#x2019;s subsidiaries that
use the U.S. dollar as their functional currency remeasure monetary
assets and liabilities at exchange rates in effect at the end of
each period, and inventories, property, and nonmonetary assets and
liabilities at historical rates. Gains and losses from these
remeasurements were insignificant and have been included in the
Company&#x2019;s results of operations.Revenue
RecognitionNet sales
consist primarily of revenue from the sale of hardware, software,
digital content and applications, peripherals, and service and
support contracts. For any product within these groups that either
is software, or is considered software-related (e.g., Mac
computers, iPhones and iPod portable digital music and video
players), the Company accounts for such products in accordance with
the specific industry accounting guidance for software and software
related transactions. The Company applies various revenue-related
GAAP for products that are not software or software-related, such
as digital content sold on the iTunes Store and certain Mac, iPhone
and iPod supplies and accessories, which is described
below.The Company
recognizes revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement
exists, delivery has occurred, the sales price is fixed or
determinable, and collection is probable. Product is considered
delivered to the customer once it has been shipped and title and
risk of loss have been transferred. For most of the Company&#x2019;s
product sales, these criteria are met at the time the product is
shipped. For online sales to individuals, for some sales to
education customers in the U.S., and for certain other sales, the
Company defers revenue until the customer receives the product
because the Company legally retains a portion of the risk of loss
on these sales during transit. If at the outset of an arrangement
the Company determines the arrangement fee is not, or is presumed
not to be, fixed or determinable, revenue is deferred and
subsequently recognized as amounts become due and payable and all
other criteria for revenue recognition have been met.Revenue from
service and support contracts is deferred and recognized ratably
over the service coverage periods. These contracts typically
include extended phone support, repair services, web-based support
resources, diagnostic tools, and extend the service coverage
offered under the Company&#x2019;s standard limited
warranty.The Company
sells software and peripheral products obtained from other
companies. The Company generally establishes its own pricing and
retains related inventory risk, is the primary obligor in sales
transactions with its customers, and assumes the credit risk for
amounts billed to its customers. Accordingly, the Company generally
recognizes revenue for the sale of products obtained from other
companies based on the gross amount billed.The Company
accounts for multiple element arrangements that consist only of
software or software-related products in accordance with industry
specific accounting guidance for software and software related
transactions. If a multiple-element arrangement includes
deliverables that are neither software nor software-related, the
Company applies various revenue-related GAAP to determine if those
deliverables constitute separate units of accounting from the
software or software-related deliverables. If the Company can
separate the deliverables, the Company applies the industry
specific accounting guidance to the software and software-related
deliverables and applies other appropriate guidance to the
non-software related deliverables. Revenue on arrangements that
include multiple elements such as hardware, software and services
is allocated to each element based on the relative fair value of
each element. Each element&#x2019;s allocated revenue is recognized
when the revenue recognition criteria for that element have been
met. Fair value is generally determined by vendor specific
objective evidence (&#x201C;VSOE&#x201D;), which is based on the
price charged when each element is sold separately. If the Company
cannot objectively determine the fair value of any undelivered
element included in a multiple-element arrangement, the Company
defers revenue until all elements are delivered and services have
been performed, or until fair value can objectively be determined
for any remaining undelivered elements. When the fair value of a
delivered element has not been established, but fair value exists
for the undelivered elements, the Company uses the residual method
to recognize revenue if the fair value of all undelivered elements
is determinable. Under the residual method, the fair value of the
undelivered elements is deferred and the remaining portion of the
arrangement fee is allocated to the delivered elements and is
recognized as revenue.For both iPhone
and Apple TV, the Company has indicated it may from time-to-time
provide future unspecified features and additional software
products free of charge to customers. Accordingly, iPhone handsets
and Apple TV sales are accounted for under subscription accounting
in accordance with GAAP. As such, the revenue and associated cost
of sales are deferred at the time of sale, and are both recognized
on a straight-line basis over the currently estimated 24-month
economic life of these products, with any loss recognized at the
time of sale. Costs incurred by the Company for engineering, sales,
marketing and warranty are expensed as incurred.The Company
records reductions to revenue for estimated commitments related to
price protection and for customer incentive programs, including
reseller and end-user rebates, and other sales programs and
volume-based incentives. The estimated cost of these programs is
accrued as a reduction to revenue in the period the Company has
sold the product and committed to a plan. The Company also records
reductions to revenue for expected future product returns based on
the Company&#x2019;s historical experience. Revenue is recorded net
of taxes collected from customers that are remitted to governmental
authorities, with the collected taxes recorded as current
liabilities until remitted to the relevant government
authority.Generally, the
Company does not offer specified or unspecified upgrade rights to
its customers in connection with software sales or the sale of
extended warranty and support contracts. When the Company does
offer specified upgrade rights, the Company defers revenue for the
fair value of the specified upgrade right until the future
obligation is fulfilled or the right to the specified upgrade
expires. A limited number of the Company&#x2019;s software products
are available with maintenance agreements that grant customers
rights to unspecified future upgrades over the maintenance term on
a when and if available basis. Revenue associated with such
maintenance is recognized ratably over the maintenance
term.Allowance for Doubtful
AccountsThe Company
records its allowance for doubtful accounts based upon its
assessment of various factors. The Company considers historical
experience, the age of the accounts receivable balances, credit
quality of the Company&#x2019;s customers, current economic
conditions, and other factors that may affect customers&#x2019;
ability to pay.Shipping
CostsFor all periods
presented, amounts billed to customers related to shipping and
handling are classified as revenue, and the Company&#x2019;s
shipping and handling costs are included in cost of
sales.Warranty
ExpenseThe Company
generally provides for the estimated cost of hardware and software
warranties at the time the related revenue is recognized. The
Company assesses the adequacy of its preexisting warranty
liabilities and adjusts the amounts as necessary based on actual
experience and changes in future estimates. For products accounted
for under subscription accounting, the Company recognizes warranty
expense as incurred.&#xA0;Software Development
CostsResearch and
development costs are expensed as incurred. Development costs of
computer software to be sold, leased, or otherwise marketed are
subject to capitalization beginning when a product&#x2019;s
technological feasibility has been established and ending when a
product is available for general release to customers. In most
instances, the Company&#x2019;s products are released soon after
technological feasibility has been established. Therefore, costs
incurred subsequent to achievement of technological feasibility are
usually not significant, and generally most software development
costs have been expensed.In 2009 and
2008, the Company capitalized $71 million and $11 million,
respectively, of costs associated with the development of Mac OS X
Version 10.6 Snow Leopard (&#x201C;Mac OS X Snow Leopard&#x201D;),
which was released during the fourth quarter of 2009. During 2007,
the Company capitalized $75 million of costs associated with the
development of Mac OS X Version 10.5 Leopard (&#x201C;Mac OS X
Leopard&#x201D;) and iPhone software. The capitalized costs are
being amortized to cost of sales on a straight-line basis over a
three year estimated useful life of the underlying
technology.Total
amortization related to capitalized software development costs was
$25 million, $27 million and $13 million in 2009, 2008 and 2007,
respectively.Advertising
CostsAdvertising
costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising expense was $501
million, $486 million and $467 million for 2009, 2008 and 2007,
respectively.Stock-Based
CompensationThe Company
accounts for stock-based payment transactions in which the Company
receives employee services in exchange for (a)&#xA0;equity
instruments of the enterprise or (b)&#xA0;liabilities that are
based on the fair value of the enterprise&#x2019;s equity
instruments or that may be settled by the issuance of such equity
instruments. Stock-based compensation cost for restricted stock
units (&#x201C;RSUs&#x201D;) is measured based on the closing fair
market value of the Company&#x2019;s common stock on the date of
grant. Stock-based compensation cost for stock options is estimated
at the grant date based on each option&#x2019;s fair-value as
calculated by the Black-Scholes-Merton (&#x201C;BSM&#x201D;)
option-pricing model. The Company recognizes stock-based
compensation cost as expense ratably on a straight-line basis over
the requisite service period. The Company will recognize a benefit
from stock-based compensation in equity if an incremental tax
benefit is realized by following the ordering provisions of the tax
law. In addition, the Company accounts for the indirect effects of
stock-based compensation on the research tax credit, the foreign
tax credit and the domestic manufacturing deduction through the
income statement. Further information regarding stock-based
compensation can be found in Note 7, &#x201C;Shareholders&#x2019;
Equity and Stock-Based Compensation.&#x201D;Income
TaxesThe provision
for income taxes is computed using the asset and liability method,
under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for
the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences
between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and
liabilities, and for operating losses and tax credit carryforwards.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the
currently enacted tax rates that apply to taxable income in effect
for the years in which those tax assets are expected to be realized
or settled. The Company records a valuation allowance to reduce
deferred tax assets to the amount that is believed more likely than
not to be realized.During 2008,
the Company adopted FASB Accounting Standards Codification
(&#x201C;ASC&#x201D;) 740,&#xA0;Income Taxes(formerly
referenced as FASB Financial Interpretation No.&#xA0;48,Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes &#x2013; aninterpretation of FASB Statement No.&#xA0;109), which
changed the framework for accounting for uncertainty in income
taxes. The Company recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax
position only if it is more likely than not the tax position will
be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the
technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in
the financial statements from such positions are then measured
based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood
of being realized upon settlement. See Note 6, &#x201C;Income
Taxes&#x201D; for additional information, including the effects of
adoption on the Company&#x2019;s consolidated financial
statements.Earnings Per Common
ShareBasic earnings
per common share is computed by dividing income available to common
shareholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common
stock outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per common
share is computed by dividing income available to common
shareholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common
stock outstanding during the period increased to include the number
of additional shares of common stock that would have been
outstanding if the potentially dilutive securities had been issued.
Potentially dilutive securities include outstanding stock options,
shares to be purchased under the employee stock purchase plan and
unvested RSUs. The dilutive effect of potentially dilutive
securities is reflected in diluted earnings per common share by
application of the treasury stock method. Under the treasury stock
method, an increase in the fair market value of the Company&#x2019;s
common stock can result in a greater dilutive effect from
potentially dilutive securities.The following
table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per
common share for the three years ended September&#xA0;26, 2009 (in
thousands, except net income in millions and per share
amounts):&#xA0;Potentially
dilutive securities representing 12.6&#xA0;million,
10.3&#xA0;million and 13.7&#xA0;million shares of common stock for
2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively, were excluded from the
computation of diluted earnings per common share for these periods
because their effect would have been antidilutive.Comprehensive
IncomeComprehensive
income consists of two components, net income and other
comprehensive income. Other comprehensive income refers to revenue,
expenses, gains and losses that under GAAP are recorded as an
element of shareholders&#x2019; equity but are excluded from net
income. The Company&#x2019;s other comprehensive income consists of
foreign currency translation adjustments from those subsidiaries
not using the U.S. dollar as their functional currency, unrealized
gains and losses on marketable securities categorized as
available-for-sale, and net deferred gains and losses on certain
derivative instruments accounted for as cash flow
hedges.Segment
InformationThe Company
reports segment information based on the &#x201C;management&#x201D;
approach. The management approach designates the internal reporting
used by management for making decisions and assessing performance
as the source of the Company&#x2019;s reportable segments.
Information about the Company&#x2019;s products, major customers and
geographic areas on a company-wide basis is also
disclosed.