Note 1 &#x2013; Summary
of Significant Accounting PoliciesApple Inc. and
its wholly-owned subsidiaries (collectively &#x201C;Apple&#x201D; or
the &#x201C;Company&#x201D;) designs, manufactures, and markets
mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and
portable digital music players, and sells a variety of related
software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and
third-party digital content and applications. The Company sells its
products worldwide through its retail stores, online stores, and
direct sales force, as well as through third-party cellular network
carriers, wholesalers, retailers and value-added resellers. In
addition, the Company sells a variety of third-party iPhone, iPad,
Mac, and iPod compatible products including application software,
and various accessories through its online and retail stores. The
Company sells to consumers, small and mid-sized businesses, and
education, enterprise and government customers.Basis of Presentation
and PreparationThe
accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts
of the Company. Intercompany accounts and transactions have been
eliminated. The preparation of these consolidated financial
statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles (&#x201C;GAAP&#x201D;) requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in these
consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual
results could differ materially from those estimates. Certain prior
year amounts in the consolidated financial statements and notes
thereto have been reclassified to conform to the current
year&#x2019;s presentation. Prior period costs associated with the
Company&#x2019;s high-profile retail stores have been reclassified
to conform to the current period&#x2019;s presentation. Refer to
Note 8, &#x201C;Segment Information and Geographic Data&#x201D; of
this Form 10-K.The
Company&#x2019;s fiscal year is the 52 or 53-week period that ends
on the last Saturday of September. The Company&#x2019;s fiscal years
2012, 2011 and 2010 ended on September&#xA0;29,
2012,&#xA0;September&#xA0;24, 2011, and September&#xA0;25, 2010,
respectively. An additional week is included in the first fiscal
quarter approximately every six years to realign fiscal quarters
with calendar quarters. Fiscal year 2012 spanned 53 weeks, with a
14th week included in the first quarter of 2012. Fiscal years 2011
and 2010 spanned 52 weeks each. Unless otherwise stated, references
to particular years or quarters refer to the Company&#x2019;s fiscal
years ended in September and the associated quarters of those
fiscal years.Revenue
RecognitionNet sales
consist primarily of revenue from the sale of hardware, software,
digital content and applications, peripherals, and service and
support contracts. The Company recognizes revenue when persuasive
evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the sales
price is fixed or determinable, and collection is probable. Product
is considered delivered to the customer once it has been shipped
and title and risk of loss have been transferred. For most of the
Company&#x2019;s product sales, these criteria are met at the time
the product is shipped. For online sales to individuals, for some
sales to education customers in the U.S., and for certain other
sales, the Company defers revenue until the customer receives the
product because the Company retains a portion of the risk of loss
on these sales during transit. The Company recognizes revenue from
the sale of hardware products, software bundled with hardware that
is essential to the functionality of the hardware, and third-party
digital content sold on the iTunes Store in accordance with general
revenue recognition accounting guidance. The Company recognizes
revenue in accordance with industry specific software accounting
guidance for the following types of sales transactions:
(i)&#xA0;standalone sales of software products, (ii)&#xA0;sales of
software upgrades and (iii)&#xA0;sales of software bundled with
hardware not essential to the functionality of the
hardware.For the sale of
most third-party products, the Company recognizes revenue based on
the gross amount billed to customers because the Company
establishes its own pricing for such products, retains related
inventory risk for physical products, is the primary obligor to the
customer and assumes the credit risk for amounts billed to its
customers. For third-party applications sold through the App Store
and Mac App Store and certain digital content sold through the
iTunes Store, the Company does not determine the selling price of
the products and is not the primary obligor to the customer.
Therefore, the Company accounts for such sales on a net basis by
recognizing in net sales only the commission it retains from each
sale. The portion of the gross amount billed to customers that is
remitted by the Company to third-party app developers and certain
digital content owners is not reflected in the Company&#x2019;s
Consolidated Statements of Operations.The Company
records deferred revenue when it receives payments in advance of
the delivery of products or the performance of services. This
includes amounts that have been deferred for unspecified and
specified software upgrade rights and non-software services that
are attached to hardware and software products. The Company sells
gift cards redeemable at its retail and online stores, and also
sells gift cards redeemable on the iTunes Store for the purchase of
digital content and software. The Company records deferred revenue
upon the sale of the card, which is relieved upon redemption of the
card by the customer. Revenue from AppleCare service and support
contracts is deferred and recognized over the service coverage
periods. AppleCare service and support contracts typically include
extended phone support, repair services, web-based support
resources and diagnostic tools offered under the Company&#x2019;s
standard limited warranty.The Company
records reductions to revenue for estimated commitments related to
price protection and other customer incentive programs. For
transactions involving price protection, the Company recognizes
revenue net of the estimated amount to be refunded. For the
Company&#x2019;s other customer incentive programs, the estimated
cost of these programs is recognized at the later of the date at
which the Company has sold the product or the date at which the
program is offered. The Company also records reductions to revenue
for expected future product returns based on the Company&#x2019;s
historical experience. Revenue is recorded net of taxes collected
from customers that are remitted to governmental authorities, with
the collected taxes recorded as current liabilities until remitted
to the relevant government authority.Revenue Recognition for
Arrangements with Multiple DeliverablesFor
multi-element arrangements that include hardware products
containing software essential to the hardware product&#x2019;s
functionality, undelivered software elements that relate to the
hardware product&#x2019;s essential software, and undelivered
non-software services, the Company allocates revenue to all
deliverables based on their relative selling prices. In such
circumstances, the Company uses a hierarchy to determine the
selling price to be used for allocating revenue to deliverables:
(i)&#xA0;vendor-specific objective evidence of fair value
(&#x201C;VSOE&#x201D;), (ii)&#xA0;third-party evidence of selling
price (&#x201C;TPE&#x201D;), and (iii)&#xA0;best estimate of selling
price (&#x201C;ESP&#x201D;). VSOE generally exists only when the
Company sells the deliverable separately and is the price actually
charged by the Company for that deliverable. ESPs reflect the
Company&#x2019;s best estimates of what the selling prices of
elements would be if they were sold regularly on a stand-alone
basis. For multi-element arrangements accounted for in accordance
with industry specific software accounting guidance, the Company
allocates revenue to all deliverables based on the VSOE of each
element, and if VSOE does not exist revenue is recognized when
elements lacking VSOE are delivered.For sales of
qualifying versions of iPhone, iPad and iPod touch (&#x201C;iOS
devices&#x201D;), Mac and Apple TV, the Company has indicated it may
from time to time provide future unspecified software upgrades and
features to the essential software bundled with each of these
hardware products free of charge to customers. Essential software
for iOS devices includes iOS and related applications and for Mac
includes OS X, related applications and iLife. The Company also
provides various non-software services to owners of qualifying
versions of iOS devices and Mac. The Company has identified up to
three deliverables regularly included in arrangements involving the
sale of these devices. The first deliverable is the hardware and
software essential to the functionality of the hardware device
delivered at the time of sale. The second deliverable is the
embedded right included with the purchase of iOS devices, Mac and
Apple TV to receive on a when-and-if-available basis, future
unspecified software upgrades and features relating to the
product&#x2019;s essential software. The third deliverable is the
non-software services to be provided to qualifying versions of iOS
devices and Mac. The Company allocates revenue between these
deliverables using the relative selling price method. Because the
Company has neither VSOE nor TPE for these deliverables, the
allocation of revenue is based on the Company&#x2019;s ESPs. Revenue
allocated to the delivered hardware and the related essential
software is recognized at the time of sale provided the other
conditions for revenue recognition have been met. Revenue allocated
to the embedded unspecified software upgrade rights and the
non-software services is deferred and recognized on a straight-line
basis over the estimated period the software upgrades and
non-software services are expected to be provided for each of these
devices, which ranges from two to four years. Cost of sales related
to delivered hardware and related essential software, including
estimated warranty costs, are recognized at the time of sale. Costs
incurred to provide non-software services are recognized as cost of
sales as incurred, and engineering and sales and marketing costs
are recognized as operating expenses as incurred.The
Company&#x2019;s process for determining its ESP for deliverables
without VSOE or TPE considers multiple factors that may vary
depending upon the unique facts and circumstances related to each
deliverable. The Company believes its customers would be reluctant
to buy unspecified software upgrade rights for the essential
software included with its qualifying hardware products. This view
is primarily based on the fact that unspecified software upgrade
rights do not obligate the Company to provide upgrades at a
particular time or at all, and do not specify to customers which
upgrades or features will be delivered. The Company also believes
its customers would be unwilling to pay a significant amount for
access to the non-software services because other companies offer
similar services at little or no cost to users. Therefore, the
Company has concluded that if it were to sell upgrade rights or
access to the non-software services on a standalone basis,
including those rights and services attached to iOS devices, Mac
and Apple TV, the selling prices would be relatively low. Key
factors considered by the Company in developing the ESPs for
software upgrade rights include prices charged by the Company for
similar offerings, market trends in the pricing of Apple-branded
and third-party Mac and iOS compatible software, the nature of the
upgrade rights (e.g., unspecified versus specified), and the
relative ESP of the upgrade rights as compared to the total selling
price of the product. The Company may also consider additional
factors as appropriate, including the impact of other products and
services provided to customers, the pricing of competitive
alternatives if they exist, product-specific business objectives,
and the length of time a particular version of a device has been
available. When relevant, the same factors are considered by the
Company in developing ESPs for offerings such as the non-software
services; however, the primary consideration in developing ESPs for
the non-software services is the estimated cost to provide such
services, including consideration for a reasonable profit
margin.For the three
years ended September&#xA0;29, 2012, the Company&#x2019;s combined
ESPs for the unspecified software upgrade rights and the rights to
receive the non-software services included with its qualifying
hardware devices have ranged from $5 to $25. Revenue allocated to
such rights included with iOS devices and Apple TV is recognized on
a straight-line basis over two years, and revenue allocated to such
rights included with Mac is recognized on a straight-line basis
over four years.Shipping
CostsFor all periods
presented, amounts billed to customers related to shipping and
handling are classified as revenue, and the Company&#x2019;s
shipping and handling costs are included in cost of
sales.Warranty
ExpenseThe Company
generally provides for the estimated cost of hardware and software
warranties at the time the related revenue is recognized. The
Company assesses the adequacy of its pre-existing warranty
liabilities and adjusts the amounts as necessary based on actual
experience and changes in future estimates.Software Development
CostsResearch and
development costs are expensed as incurred. Development costs of
computer software to be sold, leased, or otherwise marketed are
subject to capitalization beginning when a product&#x2019;s
technological feasibility has been established and ending when a
product is available for general release to customers. In most
instances, the Company&#x2019;s products are released soon after
technological feasibility has been established. Costs incurred
subsequent to achievement of technological feasibility were not
significant, and generally software development costs were expensed
as incurred during 2012, 2011 and 2010.Advertising
CostsAdvertising
costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising expense was $1.0
billion, $933 million and $691 million for 2012, 2011 and 2010,
respectively.Share-based
CompensationThe Company
recognizes expense related to share-based payment transactions in
which it receives employee services in exchange for (a)&#xA0;equity
instruments of the Company or (b)&#xA0;liabilities that are based
on the fair value of the enterprise&#x2019;s equity instruments or
that may be settled by the issuance of such equity instruments.
Share-based compensation cost for restricted stock units
(&#x201C;RSUs&#x201D;) is measured based on the closing fair market
value of the Company&#x2019;s common stock on the date of grant.
Share-based compensation cost for stock options is estimated at the
grant date based on each option&#x2019;s fair-value as calculated by
the Black-Scholes-Merton (&#x201C;BSM&#x201D;) option-pricing model.
The Company recognizes share-based compensation cost as expense
ratably on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period.
The Company recognizes a benefit from share-based compensation in
the Consolidated Statements of Shareholders&#x2019; Equity if an
incremental tax benefit is realized. In addition, the Company
recognizes the indirect effects of share-based compensation on
research and development tax credits, foreign tax credits and
domestic manufacturing deductions in the Consolidated Statements of
Operations. Further information regarding share-based compensation
can be found in Note 6, &#x201C;Shareholders&#x2019; Equity and
Share-based Compensation&#x201D; of this Form 10-K.Income
TaxesThe provision
for income taxes is computed using the asset and liability method,
under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for
the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences
between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and
liabilities, and for operating losses and tax credit carryforwards.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the
currently enacted tax rates that apply to taxable income in effect
for the years in which those tax assets are expected to be realized
or settled. The Company records a valuation allowance to reduce
deferred tax assets to the amount that is believed more likely than
not to be realized.The Company
recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if
it is more likely than not the tax position will be sustained on
examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical
merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the
financial statements from such positions are then measured based on
the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being
realized upon settlement. See Note 5, &#x201C;Income Taxes&#x201D; of
this Form 10-K for additional information.Earnings Per
ShareBasic earnings
per share is computed by dividing income available to common
shareholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common
stock outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is
computed by dividing income available to common shareholders by the
weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding
during the period increased to include the number of additional
shares of common stock that would have been outstanding if the
potentially dilutive securities had been issued. Potentially
dilutive securities include outstanding stock options, shares to be
purchased under the Company&#x2019;s employee stock purchase plan
and unvested RSUs. The dilutive effect of potentially dilutive
securities is reflected in diluted earnings per share by
application of the treasury stock method. Under the treasury stock
method, an increase in the fair market value of the Company&#x2019;s
common stock can result in a greater dilutive effect from
potentially dilutive securities.The following
table shows the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share
for 2012, 2011, and 2010 (in thousands, except net income in
millions and per share amounts):&#xA0;Potentially
dilutive securities representing 1.0&#xA0;million, 1.7&#xA0;million
and 1.6&#xA0;million shares of common stock for 2012, 2011 and
2010, respectively, were excluded from the computation of diluted
earnings per share for these periods because their effect would
have been antidilutive.Financial
InstrumentsCash Equivalents and
Marketable SecuritiesAll highly
liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the
date of purchase are classified as cash equivalents. The
Company&#x2019;s marketable debt and equity securities have been
classified and accounted for as available-for-sale. Management
determines the appropriate classification of its investments at the
time of purchase and reevaluates the designations at each balance
sheet date. The Company classifies its marketable debt securities
as either short-term or long-term based on each instrument&#x2019;s
underlying contractual maturity date. Marketable debt securities
with maturities of 12 months or less are classified as short-term
and marketable debt securities with maturities greater than 12
months are classified as long-term. The Company classifies its
marketable equity securities, including mutual funds, as either
short-term or long-term based on the nature of each security and
its availability for use in current operations. The Company&#x2019;s
marketable debt and equity securities are carried at fair value,
with the unrealized gains and losses, net of taxes, reported as a
component of shareholders&#x2019; equity. The cost of securities
sold is based upon the specific identification method.Derivative Financial
InstrumentsThe Company accounts for
its derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities and
carries them at fair value.For derivative
instruments that hedge the exposure to variability in expected
future cash flows that are designated as cash flow hedges, the
effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative instrument
is reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive
income (&#x201C;AOCI&#x201D;) in shareholders&#x2019; equity and
reclassified into income in the same period or periods during which
the hedged transaction affects earnings. The ineffective portion of
the gain or loss on the derivative instrument, if any, is
recognized in current income. To receive hedge accounting
treatment, cash flow hedges must be highly effective in offsetting
changes to expected future cash flows on hedged transactions. For
options designated as cash flow hedges, changes in the time value
are excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and are
recognized in income. For derivative instruments that hedge the
exposure to changes in the fair value of an asset or a liability
and that are designated as fair value hedges, both the net gain or
loss on the derivative instrument as well as the offsetting gain or
loss on the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk are
recognized in earnings in the current period. The Company had no
fair value hedges in 2012, 2011 and 2010. The net gain or loss on
the effective portion of a derivative instrument that is designated
as an economic hedge of the foreign currency translation exposure
of the net investment in a foreign operation is reported in the
same manner as a foreign currency translation adjustment. For
forward exchange contracts designated as net investment hedges, the
Company excludes changes in fair value relating to changes in the
forward carry component from its definition of effectiveness.
Accordingly, any gains or losses related to this component are
recognized in current income. Derivatives that do not qualify as
hedges must be adjusted to fair value through current
income.Allowance for Doubtful
AccountsThe Company
records its allowance for doubtful accounts based upon its
assessment of various factors. The Company considers historical
experience, the age of the accounts receivable balances, credit
quality of the Company&#x2019;s customers, current economic
conditions, and other factors that may affect customers&#x2019;
ability to pay.InventoriesInventories are
stated at the lower of cost, computed using the first-in, first-out
method, or market. If the cost of the inventories exceeds their
market value, provisions are made currently for the difference
between the cost and the market value. The Company&#x2019;s
inventories consist primarily of components and finished goods for
all periods presented.Property, Plant and
EquipmentProperty, plant
and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation is computed by use
of the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the
assets, which for buildings is the lesser of 30 years or the
remaining life of the underlying building; between two to five
years for machinery and equipment, including product tooling and
manufacturing process equipment; and the shorter of lease terms or
ten years for leasehold improvements. The Company capitalizes
eligible costs to acquire or develop internal-use software that are
incurred subsequent to the preliminary project stage. Capitalized
costs related to internal-use software are amortized using the
straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets,
which range from three to five years. Depreciation and amortization
expense on property and equipment was $2.6 billion, $1.6 billion
and $815 million during 2012, 2011 and 2010,
respectively.Long-Lived Assets
Including Goodwill and Other Acquired Intangible
AssetsThe Company
reviews property, plant and equipment, inventory component
prepayments, and certain identifiable intangibles, excluding
goodwill, for impairment. Long-lived assets are reviewed for
impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the
carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability
of these assets is measured by comparison of their carrying amounts
to future undiscounted cash flows the assets are expected to
generate. If property, plant and equipment, inventory component
prepayments, and certain identifiable intangibles are considered to
be impaired, the impairment to be recognized equals the amount by
which the carrying value of the assets exceeds its fair market
value. The Company did not record any significant impairments
during 2012, 2011 and 2010.The Company
does not amortize goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite
useful lives, rather such assets are required to be tested for
impairment at least annually or sooner whenever events or changes
in circumstances indicate that the assets may be impaired. The
Company performs its goodwill and intangible asset impairment tests
in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year. The Company did not
recognize any impairment charges related to goodwill or indefinite
lived intangible assets during 2012, 2011 and 2010. The Company
established reporting units based on its current reporting
structure. For purposes of testing goodwill for impairment,
goodwill has been allocated to these reporting units to the extent
it relates to each reporting unit. In 2012 and 2011, the
Company&#x2019;s goodwill was allocated to the Americas and Europe
reportable operating segments.&#xA0;The Company
amortizes its intangible assets with definite lives over their
estimated useful lives and reviews these assets for impairment. The
Company is currently amortizing its acquired intangible assets with
definite lives over periods typically from three to seven
years.Fair Value
MeasurementsThe Company
applies fair value accounting for all financial assets and
liabilities and non-financial assets and liabilities that are
recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements
on a recurring basis. The Company defines fair value as the price
that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a
liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at
the measurement date. When determining the fair value measurements
for assets and liabilities, which are required to be recorded at
fair value, the Company considers the principal or most
advantageous market in which the Company would transact and the
market-based risk measurements or assumptions that market
participants would use in pricing the asset or liability, such as
risks inherent in valuation techniques, transfer restrictions and
credit risk. Fair value is estimated by applying the following
hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value
into three levels and bases the categorization within the hierarchy
upon the lowest level of input that is available and significant to
the fair value measurement:Level 1&#x2013;
Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or
liabilities.Level 2&#x2013; Observable inputs other than quoted prices in active
markets for identical assets and liabilities, quoted prices for
identical or similar assets or liabilities in inactive markets, or
other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by
observable market data for substantially the full term of the
assets or liabilities.Level 3&#x2013; Inputs that are generally unobservable and typically
reflect management&#x2019;s estimate of assumptions that market
participants would use in pricing the asset or
liability.The
Company&#x2019;s valuation techniques used to measure the fair value
of money market funds and certain marketable equity securities were
derived from quoted prices in active markets for identical assets
or liabilities. The valuation techniques used to measure the fair
value of all other financial instruments, all of which have
counterparties with high credit ratings, were valued based on
quoted market prices or model driven valuations using significant
inputs derived from or corroborated by observable market
data.In accordance
with the fair value accounting requirements, companies may choose
to measure eligible financial instruments and certain other items
at fair value. The Company has not elected the fair value option
for any eligible financial instruments.Foreign Currency
Translation and RemeasurementThe Company
translates the assets and liabilities of its non-U.S. dollar
functional currency subsidiaries into U.S. dollars using exchange
rates in effect at the end of each period. Revenue and expenses for
these subsidiaries are translated using rates that approximate
those in effect during the period. Gains and losses from these
translations are recognized in foreign currency translation
included in accumulated other comprehensive income in
shareholders&#x2019; equity. The Company&#x2019;s subsidiaries that
use the U.S. dollar as their functional currency remeasure monetary
assets and liabilities at exchange rates in effect at the end of
each period, and inventories, property, and nonmonetary assets and
liabilities at historical rates. Gains and losses from these
remeasurements were not significant and have been included in the
Company&#x2019;s results of operations.