Note&#xA0;1.&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;Google Inc. and Summary of
Significant Accounting PoliciesNature of OperationsWe were incorporated in
California in September 1998. We were re-incorporated in the State
of Delaware in August 2003. We generate revenues primarily by
delivering relevant, cost-effective online advertising.Basis of ConsolidationThe consolidated
financial statements include the accounts of Google Inc. and our
wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany balances and
transactions have been eliminated.Use of EstimatesThe preparation of
consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. Generally
Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) requires us to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and disclosed in
the financial statements and the accompanying notes. Actual results
could differ materially from these estimates. On an ongoing basis,
we evaluate our estimates, including those related to the accounts
receivable and sales allowances, fair values of financial
instruments, intangible assets and goodwill, useful lives of
intangible assets and property and equipment, fair values of
stock-based awards, income taxes, and contingent liabilities, among
others. We base our estimates on historical experience and on
various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable, the
results of which form the basis for making judgments about the
carrying values of assets and liabilities.Revenue RecognitionThe following table
presents our revenues by revenue source (in millions):&#xA0;Google AdWords is our
auction-based advertising program that enables advertisers to place
text-based and display ads on our websites and our Google Network
Members&#x2019; websites. Display advertising comprises the videos,
text, images, and other interactive ads that run across the web on
computers and mobile devices, including smart phones and handheld
computers such as netbooks and tablets. Most of our AdWords
customers pay us on a cost-per-click basis, which means that an
advertiser pays us only when a user clicks on one of its ads. We
also offer AdWords on a cost-per-impression basis that enables
advertisers to pay us based on the number of times their ads appear
on our websites and our Google Network Members&#x2019; websites as
specified by the advertisers.Google AdSense refers to
the online programs through which we distribute our
advertisers&#x2019; AdWords ads for display on our Google Network
Members&#x2019; websites, as well as programs to deliver ads on
television broadcasts.&#xA0;We recognize as revenues
the fees charged to advertisers each time a user clicks on one of
the ads that appears next to the search results or content on our
websites or our Google Network Members&#x2019; websites. For those
advertisers using our AdWords cost-per-impression pricing, we
recognize as revenues the fees charged to advertisers each time
their ads are displayed on our websites or our Google Network
Members&#x2019; websites. We report our Google AdSense revenues on a
gross basis principally because we are the primary obligor to our
advertisers.We recognize revenues
when the services or products have been provided or delivered, the
fees we charge are fixed or determinable, we and our advertisers or
other customers understand the specific nature and terms of the
agreed upon transactions, and collectability is reasonably
assured.We record deferred
revenue upon invoicing or when cash payments are received in
advance of our performance in the underlying agreement on the
accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.Cost of RevenuesCost of revenues consists
primarily of traffic acquisition costs. Traffic acquisition costs
consist of amounts ultimately paid to our Google Network members
under AdSense arrangements and to certain other partners (our
distribution partners) who distribute our toolbar and other
products (collectively referred to as access points) or otherwise
direct search queries to our website (collectively referred to as
distribution arrangements). These amounts are primarily based on
the revenue share and fixed fee arrangements with our Google
Network Members and distribution partners.Certain distribution
arrangements require us to pay our partners based on a fee per
access point delivered and not exclusively&#x2014;or at
all&#x2014;based on revenue share. These fees are non-refundable.
Further, these arrangements are terminable at will, although under
the terms of certain contracts we or our distribution partners may
be subject to penalties in the event of early termination. We
recognize fees under these arrangements over the estimated useful
lives of the access points (approximately two years) to the extent
we can reasonably estimate those lives and they are longer than one
year, or based on any contractual revenue share, if greater.
Otherwise, the fees are charged to expense as incurred. The
estimated useful life of the access points is based on the
historical average period of time they generate traffic and
revenues. Further, we review the access points for impairment by
distribution partner, type, and geography, and we have not made any
impairment to date.Prepaid revenue share and
distribution fees are included in prepaid revenue share, expenses,
and other assets on the accompanying Consolidated Balance
Sheets.Cost of revenues also
includes the expenses associated with the operation of our data
centers, including depreciation, labor, energy, and bandwidth
costs, credit card and other transaction fees related to processing
customer transactions including Google Checkout transactions,
amortization of acquired intangible assets, as well as content
acquisition costs. We have entered into arrangements with certain
content providers under which we distribute or license their video
and other content. In a number of these arrangements, we display
ads on the pages of our web sites from which the content is viewed
and share most of the fees these ads generate with the content
providers. To the extent we are obligated to make guaranteed
minimum revenue share&#xA0;payments to our content providers, we
recognize as content acquisition costs&#xA0;the contractual revenue
share amount or on a straight-line basis, whichever is greater,
over the terms of the agreements.Stock-based CompensationWe have elected to use
the BSM option pricing model to determine the fair value of stock
options on the dates of grant.Restricted stock units
(RSUs) are measured based on the fair market values of the
underlying stock on the dates of grant. Shares are issued on the
vesting dates net of the minimum statutory tax withholding
requirements to be paid by us on behalf of our employees. As a
result, the actual number of shares issued will be fewer than the
actual number of RSUs outstanding. Furthermore, we record the
liability for withholding amounts to be paid by us as a reduction
to additional paid-in capital when paid. Also, we recognize
stock-based compensation using the straight-line method.&#xA0;We include as part of
cash flows from financing activities the benefits of tax deductions
in excess of the tax-effected compensation of the related
stock-based awards for options exercised and RSUs vested during the
period. During the years ended December&#xA0;31,
2009,&#xA0;December&#xA0;31, 2010, and December&#xA0;31, 2011, the
amount of cash received from the exercise of stock options was $350
million, $656 million, and $621 million, and the total direct tax
benefit realized, including the excess tax benefit, from
stock-based award activities was $260 million, $355 million, and
$451 million. We have elected to account for the indirect effects
of stock-based awards&#x2014;primarily the research and development
tax credit&#x2014;through the Consolidated Statements of
Income.For the years ended
December&#xA0;31, 2009,&#xA0;December&#xA0;31, 2010, and
December&#xA0;31, 2011, we recognized stock-based compensation and
related tax benefits of $1,164 million and $264 million, $1,376
million and $314 million, and $1,974 million and $413
million.Certain Risks and
ConcentrationsOur revenues are
principally derived from online advertising, the market for which
is highly competitive and rapidly changing. In addition, our
revenues are generated from a multitude of vertical market segments
in countries around the world. Significant changes in this industry
or changes in customer buying or advertiser spending behavior could
adversely affect our operating results.Financial instruments
that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk
consist principally of cash equivalents, marketable securities,
foreign exchange contracts, and accounts receivable. Cash
equivalents and marketable securities consist primarily of highly
liquid debt instruments of the U.S. government and its agencies,
municipalities in the U.S., debt instruments issued by foreign
governments, mortgage-backed securities, corporate securities, time
deposits, and money market and other funds, including cash
collateral received related to our securities lending program.
Foreign exchange contracts are transacted with various financial
institutions with high credit standing. Accounts receivable are
typically unsecured and are derived from revenues earned from
customers located around the world. In 2009, 2010, and 2011, we
generated approximately 47%, 48%, and 46% of our revenues from
customers based in the U.S., with the majority of customers outside
of the U.S. located in Europe and Japan. Many of our Google Network
Members are in the internet industry. We perform ongoing
evaluations to determine customer credit and we limit the amount of
credit we extend, but generally we do not require collateral from
our customers. We maintain reserves for estimated credit losses and
these losses have generally been within our
expectations.No individual customer or
groups of affiliated customers represented more than 10% of our
revenues in 2009, 2010, and 2011.Fair Value of Financial
InstrumentsThe carrying amounts of
our financial instruments, including cash equivalents, accounts
receivable, accounts payable, short-term debt, and accrued
liabilities, approximate fair value because of their generally
short maturities.Cash, Cash Equivalents, and
Marketable SecuritiesWe invest our excess cash
primarily in highly liquid debt instruments of the U.S. government
and its agencies, municipalities in the U.S., debt instruments
issued by foreign governments, mortgage-backed securities,
corporate securities, time deposits, and money market and other
funds, including cash collateral received related to our securities
lending program. We classify all highly liquid investments with
stated maturities of three months or less from date of purchase as
cash equivalents and all highly liquid investments with stated
maturities of greater than three months as marketable
securities.We determine the
appropriate classification of our investments in marketable
securities at the time of purchase and reevaluate such designation
at each balance sheet date. We have classified and accounted for
our marketable securities as available-for-sale. We may or may not
hold securities with stated maturities greater than 12 months until
maturity. After consideration of our risk versus reward objectives,
as well as our liquidity requirements, we may sell these securities
prior to their stated maturities. As we view these securities as
available to support current operations, we classify securities
with maturities beyond 12 months as current assets under the
caption marketable securities in the accompanying Consolidated
Balance Sheets. We carry these securities at fair value, and report
the unrealized gains and losses, net of taxes, as a component of
stockholders&#x2019; equity, except for unrealized losses determined
to be other-than-temporary, which we record as interest and other
income, net. We determine any realized gains or losses on the sale
of marketable securities on a specific identification method, and
we record such gains and losses as a component of interest and
other income, net.Non-Marketable Equity
SecuritiesWe have accounted for
non-marketable equity securities primarily at cost because we do
not have significant influence over the underlying
investees.Impairment of Marketable and
Non-Marketable SecuritiesWe periodically review
our marketable securities, as well as our non-marketable equity
securities, for impairment. If we conclude that any of these
investments are impaired, we determine whether such impairment is
other-than-temporary. Factors we consider to make such
determination include the duration and severity of the impairment,
the reason for the decline in value and the potential recovery
period, and our intent to sell, or whether it is more likely than
not that we will be required to sell, the investment before
recovery. If any impairment is considered other-than-temporary, we
will write down the asset to its fair value and take a
corresponding charge to our Consolidated Statements of
Income.Accounts ReceivableWe record accounts
receivable at the invoiced amount and we do not charge interest. We
maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts to reserve for
potentially uncollectible receivables. We review the accounts
receivable by amounts due by customers which are past due to
identify specific customers with known disputes or collectability
issues. In determining the amount of the reserve, we make judgments
about the creditworthiness of significant customers based on
ongoing credit evaluations. We also maintain a sales allowance to
reserve for potential credits issued to customers. We determine the
amount of the reserve based on historical credits
issued.Property and EquipmentWe account for property
and equipment at cost less accumulated depreciation and
amortization. We compute depreciation using the straight-line
method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, generally two
to five years. We depreciate buildings over periods up to 25 years.
We amortize leasehold improvements over the shorter of the
remaining lease term or the estimated useful lives of the assets.
Construction in progress is related to the construction or
development of property (including land) and equipment that have
not yet been placed in service for our intended use. Depreciation
for equipment commences once it is placed in service and
depreciation for buildings and leasehold improvements commences
once they are ready for our intended use. Land is not
depreciated.Software Development CostsWe expense software
development costs, including costs to develop software products or
the software component of products to be marketed to external
users, before technological feasibility of such products is
reached. We have determined that technological feasibility was
reached shortly before the release of those products and as a
result, the development costs incurred after the establishment of
technological feasibility and before the release of those products
were not material, and accordingly, were expensed as
incurred.&#xA0;Long-Lived Assets Including Goodwill
and Other Acquired Intangible AssetsWe review property and
equipment and intangible assets, excluding goodwill, for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying
amount of an asset may not be recoverable. We measure
recoverability of these assets by comparing the carrying amounts to
the future undiscounted cash flows the assets are expected to
generate. If property and equipment and intangible assets are
considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized equals
the amount by which the carrying value of the asset exceeds its
fair market value. We have made no material adjustments to our
long-lived assets in any of the years presented. In addition, we
test our goodwill for impairment at least annually or more
frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that this
asset may be impaired. Our tests are based on our single operating
segment and reporting unit structure. We found no goodwill
impairment in any of the years presented.Intangible assets with
definite lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives. We
amortize our acquired intangible assets on a straight-line basis
with definite lives over periods ranging from one to 12
years.Income TaxesWe recognize income taxes
under the liability method. We recognize deferred income taxes for
differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets
and liabilities at enacted statutory tax rates in effect for the
years in which differences are expected to reverse. We recognize
the effect on deferred taxes of a change in tax rates in income in
the period that includes the enactment date.Foreign CurrencyGenerally, the functional
currency of our international subsidiaries is the local currency.
We translate the financial statements of these subsidiaries to U.S.
dollars using month-end rates of exchange for assets and
liabilities, and average rates of exchange for revenues, costs, and
expenses. We record translation gains and losses in accumulated
other comprehensive income as a component of stockholders&#x2019;
equity. We recorded $77 million of net translation gains in 2009,
$124 million of net translation losses in 2010, and $107 million of
net translation losses in 2011. We record net gains and losses
resulting from foreign exchange transactions as a component of
interest and other income, net. These gains and losses are net of
those realized on foreign exchange contracts. We recorded $8
million of net gains in 2009, $29 million of net losses in 2010,
and $38 million of net losses in 2011.Advertising and Promotional
ExpensesWe expense advertising
and promotional costs in the period in which they are incurred. For
the years ended December&#xA0;31, 2009,&#xA0;December&#xA0;31,
2010, and December&#xA0;31, 2011, advertising and promotional
expenses totaled approximately $353 million, $772 million, and
$1,544 million.Recent Accounting
PronouncementsIn June 2011, the FASB
issued an amendment to an existing accounting
standard&#xA0;which&#xA0;requires companies to present net income
and other comprehensive income in one continuous statement or in
two separate, but consecutive, statements.&#xA0;In addition, in
December 2011, the FASB issued an amendment to an existing
accounting standard which defers the requirement to present
components of reclassifications of other comprehensive income on
the face of the income statement.&#xA0;We adopted both standards in
the fourth quarter of 2011.In September 2011, the
FASB issued an amendment to an existing accounting standard, which
provides entities an option to&#xA0;perform a qualitative
assessment to determine whether further impairment testing on
goodwill is&#xA0;necessary. Specifically, an entity has the option
to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it
is&#xA0;necessary to perform the current two-step test.&#xA0;If an
entity believes, as a result of its&#xA0;qualitative assessment,
that it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a
reporting&#xA0;unit is less than its carrying amount, the
quantitative impairment test is required.&#xA0;Otherwise, no
further testing is required. This standard is effective for annual
and interim goodwill impairment tests&#xA0;performed for fiscal
years beginning after December&#xA0;15, 2011.&#xA0;We adopted this
standard in the first quarter of 2012 and the adoption will not
have a material impact on our financial statements.In May 2011, the FASB
issued a new accounting standard update, which amends the fair
value measurement guidance and includes some enhanced disclosure
requirements. The most significant change in disclosures is an
expansion of the information required for Level 3 measurements
based on unobservable inputs.&#xA0;The standard is effective for
fiscal years beginning after December&#xA0;15, 2011.&#xA0;We
adopted this standard in the first quarter of 2012 and the adoption
will not have a material impact on our financial statements and
disclosures.