&nbsp;Description of BusinessNetflix, Inc. (the "Company") was incorporated on August 29, 1997 and began operations on April 14, 1998. The Company is an Internet subscription service streaming TV shows and movies. The Company's subscribers can instantly watch unlimited TV shows and movies streamed over the Internet to their TVs, computers and mobile devices and in the United States, subscribers can receive DVDs delivered quickly to their homes.The Company is organized into three operating segments, Domestic streaming, International streaming and Domestic DVD. Substantially all of the Company's revenues are generated in the United States, and all of the Company's long-lived tangible assets are held in the United States. The Company's revenues are derived from monthly subscription fees.&nbsp;Basis of PresentationThe consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. Intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.&nbsp;ReclassificationCertain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current presentation. These reclassifications did not impact any prior amounts of reported total assets, total liabilities, stockholders' equity, results of operations or cash flows.&nbsp;Use of EstimatesThe preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include the amortization policy of its content library; the valuation of stock-based compensation; and the recognition and measurement of income tax assets and liabilities. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that the Company believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates.&nbsp;Cash Equivalents and Short-term InvestmentsThe Company considers investments in instruments purchased with an original maturity of&nbsp;90days or less to be cash equivalents. The Company classifies short-term investments, which consist of marketable securities with original maturities in excess of&nbsp;90days as available-for-sale. Short-term investments are reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses included in "Accumulated other comprehensive income" within stockholders' equity in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The amortization of premiums and discounts on the investments, realized gains and losses, and declines in value judged to be other-than-temporary on available-for-sale securities are included in "Interest and other income" in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company uses the specific identification method to determine cost in calculating realized gains and losses upon the sale of short-term investments.Short-term investments are reviewed periodically to identify possible other-than-temporary impairment. When evaluating the investments, the Company reviews factors such as the length of time and extent to which fair value has been below cost basis, the financial condition of the issuer, the Company's intent to sell, or whether it would be more likely than not that the Company would be required to sell the investments before the recovery of their amortized cost basis.&nbsp;Content LibraryThe Company obtains content through streaming content license agreements, DVD direct purchases and DVD revenue sharing agreements with studios, distributors and other suppliers.The Company obtains content distribution rights in order to stream TV shows and movies to subscribers' TVs, computers and mobile devices. Streaming content is generally licensed for a fixed-fee for the term of the license agreement which may have multiple windows of availability. The license agreement may or may not be recognized in content library.When the streaming license fee is known or reasonably determinable for a specific title and the specific title is first available for streaming to subscribers, the title is recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets in "Current content library" for the portion available for streaming within one year and in "Non-current content library" for the remaining portion. New titles recognized in the content library are classified in the line item "Additions to streaming content library" within net cash provided by operating activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. The Company amortizes the content library on a straight-line basis over each title's contractual window of availability, which typically ranges from six months to five years. The steaming content library is reported at the lower of unamortized cost or estimated net realizable value. No write down from unamortized cost to a lower net realizable value was recorded in any of the periods presented. The amortization is classified in "Cost of revenues&#8212;Subscription" in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and in the line item "Amortization of streaming content library" within net cash provided by operating activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Payment terms for these license fees may extend over the term of the license agreement, which could range from six months to five years. For the titles recognized in content library, the license fees due but not paid are classified on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as "Content accounts payable" for the amounts due within one year and as "Non-current content liabilities" for the amounts due beyond one year. Changes in these liabilities are classified in the line item "Change in streaming content liabilities" within net cash provided by operating activities in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. The Company records the streaming content library assets and their related liability on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at the gross amount of the liability. Payments for the titles not yet available for streaming are not yet recognized in the content library but in prepaid content. Minimum commitments for titles not yet available for streaming are not yet recognized in the content library and are included in Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements.When the streaming license fee is not known or reasonably determinable for a specific title, the title does not meet the criteria for asset recognition in the content library. Titles do not meet the criteria for asset recognition in the content library because the underlying license agreement does not specify the number of titles or the license fee per title or the windows of availability per title, so that the license fee is not known or reasonably determinable for a specific title. Typical payment terms for these agreements, which can range from three to five years, require the Company to make equal fixed payments at the beginning of each quarter of the license term. To the extent that cumulative payments exceed cumulative amortization, "Prepaid content" is recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company amortizes the license fees on a straight-line basis over the term of each license agreement. The amortization is classified in "Cost of revenues&#8212;Subscription" in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and in the line item "Net income" within net cash provided by operating activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Changes in prepaid content are classified within net cash provided by operating activities in the line item "Prepaid content" in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Commitments for licenses that do not meet the criteria for asset recognition in the content library are included in Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements.The Company acquires DVD content for the purpose of renting such content to its subscribers and earning subscription rental revenues, and, as such, the Company considers its direct purchase DVD library to be a productive asset. Accordingly, the Company classifies its DVD library in "Non-current content library" on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The acquisition of DVD content library, net of changes in related liabilities, is classified in the line item "Acquisition of DVD content library" within cash used in investing activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows because the DVD content library is considered a productive asset. Other companies in the in-home entertainment video industry classify these cash flows as operating activities. The Company amortizes its direct purchase DVDs, less estimated salvage value, on a "sum-of-the-months" accelerated basis over their estimated useful lives. The useful life of the new release DVDs and back-catalog DVDs is estimated to be one year and three years, respectively. The amortization of the DVD content library is classified in "Cost of revenue- Subscription" in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and in the line item "Amortization of DVD content library" within net cash provided by operating activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. The Company also obtains DVD content through revenue sharing agreements with studios and distributors. Revenue sharing obligations incurred based on utilization are classified in "Cost of revenues- Subscription" in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and in the line item "Net income" within net cash provided by operating activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash flows. The terms of some revenue sharing agreements obligate the Company to make a low initial payment for certain titles, representing a minimum contractual obligation under the agreement. The low initial payment is in exchange for a commitment to share a percentage of its subscription revenues or to pay a fee, based on utilization, for a defined period of time. The initial payment may be in the form of an upfront non-refundable payment which is classified in content library or in the form of a prepayment of future revenue sharing obligations which is classified as prepaid content.&nbsp;Property and EquipmentProperty and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the respective assets, generally up to&nbsp;30years, or the lease term for leasehold improvements, if applicable. Leased buildings are capitalized and included in property and equipment when the Company was involved in the construction funding and did not meet the "sale-leaseback" criteria.&nbsp;Impairment of Long-Lived AssetsLong-lived assets such as DVD content library, property and equipment and intangible assets subject to depreciation and amortization are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset group may not be recoverable. Recoverability of asset groups to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset group to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset group. If the carrying amount of an asset group exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of an asset group exceeds fair value of the asset group. There were no events or changes in circumstances that would indicate that the carrying amount of an asset group may not be recoverable in any of the years presented. All of the Company's long-lived tangible assets are held in the United States.&nbsp;Revenue RecognitionSubscription revenues are recognized ratably over each subscriber's monthly subscription period. Revenues are presented net of the taxes that are collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities. Deferred revenue consists of subscriptions revenues billed to subscribers that have not been recognized and gift subscriptions that have not been redeemed.&nbsp;MarketingMarketing expenses consist primarily of advertising expenses and also include payments made to the Company's affiliates and consumer electronics partners and payroll related expenses. Advertising expenses include promotional activities such as television and online advertising, as well as allocated costs of revenues relating to free trial periods. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred except for advertising production costs, which are expensed the first time the advertising is run. Advertising expense totaled approximately $299.1million, $212.4million and $175.0million in 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively.&nbsp;Income TaxesThe Company records a tax provision for the anticipated tax consequences of the reported results of operations using the asset and liability method. Deferred income taxes are recognized by applying enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. The measurement of deferred tax assets is reduced, if necessary, by a valuation allowance for any tax benefits for which future realization is uncertain. There was no significant valuation allowance as of December 31, 2011 or 2010.The Company did not recognize certain tax benefits from uncertain tax positions within the provision for income taxes. The Company recognizes a tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than50% likelihood of being realized upon settlement. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. See Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding income taxes.&nbsp;Foreign CurrencyThe Company translates the assets and liabilities of its non-U.S. dollar functional currency subsidiaries into U.S. dollars using exchange rates in effect at the end of each period. Revenue and expenses for these subsidiaries are translated using rates that approximate those in effect during the period. Gains and losses from these translations are recognized in cumulative translation adjustment included in accumulated other comprehensive income in shareholders' equity. For transactions that are not denominated in the functional currency, the Company remeasures monetary assets and liabilities at exchange rates in effect at the end of each period. Gains and losses from these remeasurements are recognized in interest and other income.&nbsp;Net Income Per ShareBasic net income per share is computed using the weighted-average number of outstanding shares of common stock during the period. Diluted net income per share is computed using the weighted-average number of outstanding shares of common stock and, when dilutive, potential common shares outstanding during the period. Potential common shares consist of shares issuable upon the assumed conversion of the Company's Convertible Notes, incremental shares issuable upon the assumed exercise of stock options, and for 2010 and 2009, shares that were purchasable pursuant to the Company's employee stock purchase plan ("ESPP"). The Company's ESPP was suspended in 2011 and there were no offerings in 2011. The computation of net income per share is as follows:&nbsp;Employee stock options with exercise prices greater than the average market price of the common stock were excluded from the diluted calculation as their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. The following table summarizes the potential common shares excluded from the diluted calculation:&nbsp;&nbsp;Stock-Based CompensationThe Company grants stock options to its employees on a monthly basis. The Company has elected to grant all options as fully vested non-qualified stock options. As a result of immediate vesting, stock-based compensation expense is fully recognized on the grant date, and no estimate is required for post-vesting option forfeitures. See Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding stock-based compensation.&nbsp;Stock RepurchasesTo facilitate a stock repurchase program, shares are repurchased by the Company in the open market and are accounted for when the transaction is settled. Shares held for future issuance are classified as Treasury stock. Shares formally or constructively retired are deducted from common stock for par value and from additional paid in capital for the excess over par value. If additional paid in capital has been exhausted, the excess over par value is deducted from Retained earnings. Direct costs incurred to acquire the shares are included in the total cost of the shares.