1.&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;Organization and Summary of
Significant Accounting PoliciesDescription of
BusinessNetflix, Inc.
(the &#x201C;Company&#x201D;) was incorporated on August&#xA0;29,
1997 and began operations on April&#xA0;14, 1998. The Company is a
subscription service streaming movies and TV episodes over the
Internet and sending DVDs by mail to more than 12&#xA0;million
subscribers. The Company&#x2019;s subscribers can instantly watch
unlimited movies and TV episodes streamed to their TVs and
computers and can receive DVDs delivered quickly to their homes.
The Company offers a variety of subscription plans, with no due
dates, no late fees, no shipping fees and no pay-per-view fees.
Aided by proprietary recommendation and merchandising technology,
subscribers can select from a growing library of titles that can be
watched instantly and a vast array of titles on DVD.Subscribers
can:&#xA0;&#xA0;The Company is
organized in a single operating segment. All revenues are currently
generated in the United States, and there are no long-lived assets
outside the United States. Substantially all revenues are derived
from monthly subscription fees.Basis of
PresentationThe
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the
Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary. Intercompany balances and
transactions have been eliminated.ReclassificationCertain prior
period amounts have been reclassified to conform to current
presentation. These reclassifications did not significantly impact
any prior amounts of reported total assets or total liabilities,
and did not impact stockholders&#x2019; equity, results of
operations or cash flows.Subsequent
EventsThe Company has
evaluated subsequent events through February&#xA0;19, 2010, the
date which these financial statements were available to be
issued.Use of
EstimatesThe preparation
of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting periods. Significant items subject to such
estimates and assumptions include the estimate of useful lives and
residual value of its content library; the valuation of stock-based
compensation; and the recognition and measurement of income tax
assets and liabilities. The Company bases its estimates on
historical experience and on various other assumptions that the
Company believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual
results may differ from these estimates.&#xA0;Cash Equivalents and
Short-term InvestmentsThe Company
considers investments in instruments purchased with an original
maturity of 90 days or less to be cash equivalents. The Company
classifies short-term investments, which consist of marketable
securities with original maturities in excess of 90 days as
available-for-sale. Short-term investments are reported at fair
value with unrealized gains and losses included in accumulated
other comprehensive income within stockholders&#x2019; equity in the
consolidated balance sheet. The amortization of premiums and
discounts on the investments, realized gains and losses, and
declines in value judged to be other-than-temporary on
available-for-sale securities are included in interest and other
income in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company
uses the specific identification method to determine cost in
calculating realized gains and losses upon the sale of short-term
investments.Short-term
investments are reviewed periodically to identify possible
other-than-temporary impairment. When evaluating the investments,
the Company reviews factors such as the length of time and extent
to which fair value has been below cost basis, the financial
condition of the issuer, the Company&#x2019;s intent to sell, or
whether it would be more likely than not that the Company would be
required to sell the investments before the recovery of their
amortized cost basis.Content
LibraryThe Company
obtains content through direct purchases, revenue sharing
agreements and license agreements with studios, distributors and
other suppliers. DVD content is obtained through direct purchases
or revenue sharing agreements. Streaming content is generally
licensed for a fixed fee for the term of the license agreement but
may also be obtained through a revenue sharing
agreement.The Company
acquires DVD content for the purpose of rental to its subscribers
and earns subscription rental revenues, and, as such, the Company
considers its DVD library to be a productive asset. Accordingly,
the Company classifies its DVD library as a non-current asset on
its consolidated balance sheets. Additionally, cash outflows for
the acquisition of the DVD library, net of changes in related
accounts payable, are classified as cash flows from investing
activities in the Company&#x2019;s consolidated statements of cash
flows. This is inclusive of any upfront non-refundable payments
required under revenue sharing agreements.The Company
amortizes its direct purchase DVDs, less estimated salvage value,
on a &#x201C;sum-of-the-months&#x201D; accelerated basis over their
estimated useful lives. The useful life of the new release DVDs and
back catalog DVDs is estimated to be one year and three years,
respectively. In estimating the useful life of its DVDs, the
Company takes into account library utilization as well as an
estimate for lost or damaged DVDs. The Company provides a salvage
value for those direct purchase DVDs that the Company estimates it
will sell at the end of their useful lives. For those DVDs that the
Company does not expect to sell, no salvage value is
provided.Additionally,
the terms of certain DVD purchase agreements with studios and
distributors provide for volume purchase discounts or rebates based
on achieving specified performance levels. Volume purchase
discounts are recorded as a reduction of DVD library when earned.
The Company accrues for rebates as earned based on historical title
performance and estimates of demand for the titles over the
remainder of the title term. Actual rebates may vary which could
result in an increase or reduction in the estimated amounts
previously accrued.The Company
obtains content distribution rights in order to stream movies and
TV episodes without commercial interruption to subscribers&#x2019;
computers and TVs via Netflix Ready Devices. The Company accounts
for streaming content in accordance with the Financial Accounting
Standards Board&#x2019;s (&#x201C;FASB&#x201D;) Accounting Standards
Codification (&#x201C;ASC&#x201D;) topic 920Entertainment&#x2014;Broadcasters. Cash outflows associated
with streaming content are classified as cash flows from operating
activities on the consolidated statements of cash flow.The Company
classifies streaming content obtained through a license agreement
as either a current or non-current asset in the consolidated
balance sheets based on the estimated time of usage after certain
criteria have been met, including availability of the streaming
content for its first showing. Streaming content is amortized on a
straight-line basis generally over the terms of the license
agreements or the title&#x2019;s window of availability.The Company
also obtains DVD and streaming content through revenue sharing
agreements with studios and distributors. The Company generally
obtains titles for low initial cost in exchange for a commitment to
share a percentage of its subscription revenues or to pay a fee,
based on utilization, for a defined period of time, or the Title
Term, which typically ranges from six to twelve months for each
title. The initial cost may be in the form of an upfront
non-refundable payment. This payment is capitalized in the content
library in accordance with the Company&#x2019;s DVD and streaming
content policies as applicable. The initial cost may also be in the
form of a prepayment of future revenue sharing obligations which is
classified as prepaid revenue sharing expense. The terms of some
revenue sharing agreements with studios obligate the Company to
make minimum revenue sharing payments for certain titles. The
Company amortizes minimum revenue sharing prepayments (or accretes
an amount payable to studios if the payment is due in arrears) as
revenue sharing obligations are incurred. A provision for estimated
shortfall, if any, on minimum revenue sharing payments is made in
the period in which the shortfall becomes probable and can be
reasonably estimated. Under the revenue sharing agreements for its
DVD library, at the end of the Title Term, the Company generally
has the option of returning the DVD title to the studio, destroying
the title or purchasing the title.Property and
EquipmentProperty and
equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation.
Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method over the
shorter of the estimated useful lives of the respective assets,
generally up to 30 years, or the lease term for leasehold
improvements, if applicable. Leased buildings are capitalized and
included in property and equipment when the Company was involved in
the construction funding and did not meet the
&#x201C;sale-leaseback&#x201D; criteria as required by ASC topic
840.40Leases&#x2014;Sale-Leaseback Transactions.Impairment of
Long-Lived AssetsLong-lived
assets such as content library, property and equipment and
intangible assets subject to depreciation and amortization are
reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of an asset group may not be
recoverable. Recoverability of asset groups to be held and used is
measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset group
to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be
generated by the asset group. If the carrying amount of an asset
group exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge
is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of an
asset group exceeds fair value of the asset group. The Company
evaluated its long-lived assets, and impairment charges were not
material for any of the years presented.Capitalized Software
CostsCosts incurred
during the application development stage for software programs to
be used solely to meet the Company&#x2019;s internal needs are
capitalized. Costs incurred in connection with the development of
software used by the Company&#x2019;s subscribers, such as that
included in consumer electronics partner devices, are capitalized
during the period between technological feasibility and general
availability of the software. Capitalized software costs are
included in property and equipment, net and are amortized over the
estimated useful life of the software, generally up to three years.
The net book value of capitalized software costs is not significant
as of December&#xA0;31, 2009 and 2008.Revenue
RecognitionSubscription
revenues are recognized ratably over each subscriber&#x2019;s
monthly subscription period. Refunds to subscribers are recorded as
a reduction of revenues. Revenues are presented net of the taxes
that are collected from customers and remitted to governmental
authorities. Deferred revenue consists of subscriptions revenues
billed to subscribers that have not been recognized and gift
subscriptions that have not been redeemed.MarketingMarketing
expenses consist primarily of advertising expenses and payments
made to affiliates including the Company&#x2019;s consumer
electronics partners. Advertising expenses include marketing
program expenditures and other promotional activities, including
allocated costs of revenues relating to free trial periods. Also
included in marketing expenses are payroll related expenses.
Advertising costs are expensed as incurred except for advertising
production costs, which are expensed the first time the advertising
is run. Advertising expense totaled approximately $205.9 million,
$181.4 million and $207.9 million in 2009, 2008, and 2007,
respectively.The Company and
its vendors participate in a variety of cooperative advertising
programs and other promotional programs in which the vendors
provide the Company with cash consideration in exchange for
marketing and advertising of the vendor&#x2019;s products. If the
consideration received represents reimbursement of specific
incremental and identifiable costs incurred to promote the
vendor&#x2019;s product, it is recorded as an offset to the
associated marketing expense incurred. Any reimbursement greater
than the specific incremental and identifiable costs incurred is
recognized as a reduction of cost of revenues when recognized in
the Company&#x2019;s consolidated statements of
operations.Income
TaxesThe Company
accounts for income taxes using the asset and liability method.
Deferred income taxes are recognized by applying enacted statutory
tax rates applicable to future years to differences between the
financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and
liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and
tax credit carryforwards. The effect on deferred tax assets and
liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the
period that includes the enactment date. The measurement of
deferred tax assets is reduced, if necessary, by a valuation
allowance for any tax benefits for which future realization is
uncertain. There was no valuation allowance as of December&#xA0;31,
2009 or 2008.The Company
recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if
it is more likely than not the tax position will be sustained on
examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical
merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the
financial statements from such positions are then measured based on
the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being
realized upon settlement. The Company recognizes interest and
penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense.
See Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for further
information regarding income taxes.&#xA0;Stock
RepurchasesTo facilitate a
stock repurchase program, shares are repurchased by the Company in
the open market and are accounted for when the transaction is
settled. Shares held for future issuance are classified as treasury
stock.&#xA0;Shares formally or constructively retired are deducted
from common stock for par value and from additional paid in capital
for the excess over par value.&#xA0;If additional paid in capital
has been exhausted, the excess over par value is deducted from
retained earnings. Direct costs incurred to acquire the shares are
included in the total cost of the shares.Comprehensive
IncomeOther
comprehensive income consists of unrealized gains and losses on
available-for-sale securities, net of tax. Total comprehensive
income and the components of accumulated other comprehensive income
are presented in the accompanying consolidated statements of
stockholders&#x2019; equity.Net Income Per
ShareBasic net
income per share is computed using the weighted-average number of
outstanding shares of common stock during the period. Diluted net
income per share is computed using the weighted-average number of
outstanding shares of common stock and, when dilutive, potential
common shares outstanding during the period. Potential common
shares consist primarily of incremental shares issuable upon the
assumed exercise of stock options, warrants to purchase common
stock and shares currently purchasable pursuant to the
Company&#x2019;s employee stock purchase plan using the treasury
stock method. The computation of net income per share is as
follows:&#xA0;&#xA0;Employee stock
options with exercise prices greater than the average market price
of the common stock were excluded from the diluted calculation as
their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. The following table
summarizes the potential common shares excluded from the diluted
calculation:&#xA0;The weighted
average exercise price of excluded outstanding stock options was
$45.78, $32.42 and $27.83 for the years ended December&#xA0;31,
2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively.Stock-Based
CompensationThe Company
grants stock options to its employees on a monthly basis. The
Company has elected to grant all options as fully vested
non-qualified stock options. As a result of immediate vesting,
stock-based compensation expense is fully recognized on the grant
date, and no estimate is required for post-vesting option
forfeitures.